,content,domain,fake,conspiracy,political,junksci,unreliable,bias,hate,reliable,satire,clickbait,unknown,rumor
95764,"Tulsa, OK — A sheriff’s office and a District judge are demonstrating just how low the state can go in stealing cash and property from innocent people. For these enforcers of the drug war, even the minor burden of proof needed through Civil Asset Forfeiture is too much trouble.

The Frontier, an investigative group in Tulsa, found that District Judge James Caputo and the Tulsa County Sheriff’s Office skirted the law to direct even more of the citizens’ assets into department coffers.

“Though judicial assignments are supposed to be random, the same criminal judge has been assigned to hear more than half of the civil cases in which the sheriff’s office sought to seize cash and guns from citizens through an unclaimed property law, an investigation by The Frontier and NewsOn6 has found. Tulsa District Court policies regarding judicial assignments and transfers were not followed in several of the cases, which involve cash, guns and other property seized by the sheriff’s office from hundreds of citizens. Courthouse records show the sheriff’s office tried to ensure that most of the cases would be heard by District Judge James Caputo, a former deputy whose daughter works at the sheriff’s office. Though judges are supposed to be randomly assigned per courthouse policy, Caputo’s name was printed on the petitions filed by the Sheriff’s Office.”

Using a provision of Oklahoma law Title 22, the sheriff’s office sought to take possession of “unclaimed property or money in Sheriff’s possession.” It can then keep the cash and sell the property, using the loot “for the purchase of equipment, materials or supplies that may be used in crime prevention, training or programming.”

However, the seized property is most often obtained through searches and arrests, and should be treated as civil asset forfeiture, according to an attorney representing 14 people with claims against the sheriff’s office. But Judge Caputo is mum on this topic.

Advertisment

“When asked whether the cases should have been filed as individual forfeiture cases, Caputo abruptly ended the interview. “’You know what? We’re done,’ he said.”

Even property obtained from burglaries is fair game. Several victims of burglaries have written to request the return of their property, but are unsuccessful because the sheriff’s office did not match a name to the item.

This failure to add owner names to the records of seized cash and property, which allows it to be classified as “unclaimed property,” is no accident.

“A July 2013 court filing for the disposal of property ‘whether stolen, embezzled or otherwise obtained’ is missing an exhibit list that is supposed to contain the items being considered for seizure, along with the name and address of the each last known owner. When asked where the exhibit list was for the case, a court clerk searched the file and computer system and said: “Sometimes they come in from the sheriff’s office without one.” …Several other files contain exhibit lists that only contain case numbers and property room numbers — no name and address for the last known owner of the property in question.”

The sheriff’s office has not supplied information on how much income is generated from the “unclaimed property” scam. Under this law, citizens have only 10 days to claim their property or cash. Even when the owners show up in court to claim their cash and property, the court often says they have no proof and sends them walking.

Judge Caputo has overseen five cases on behalf of the sheriff’s office, and is intending to hear his sixth, where the sheriffs seek to keep $$170,000 in cash and hundreds of guns owned by more than 900 people.

Caputo admits that someone from the sheriff’s office came to him for help clearing out the property room. Caputo says that he got permission from former, now-deceased, presiding judge Carlos Chappelle to handle the cases, although he has no documentation of such.

Presiding District Judge Rebeccas Nightingale, who took over in June, was unaware until recently that cases were being moved to Judge Caputo under dubious circumstances. The Court Administrator, who usually signs transfer orders, also had no record of the three transferred cases.

Another hint at foul play seems to be the fact that the petitions for the new “unclaimed property” cases already had Caputo’s name printed on them, which is against policy.

“Tulsa District Court rules state: “Assignment of cases shall be by random computer function except in those cases required by statute or court rule to be assigned to specific judges or divisions of the court.” Neither of those exceptions appear to apply in the case of unclaimed property filings.”

Still, somehow the three cases ended up in Caputo’s court that were originally assigned to other judges, but were moved to Caputo without an order from the presiding judge, as stipulated by court rules.

Nightingale has corrected the most recent mysterious transfer by sending it back to the original judge.

Given the obvious tampering going on with court rules in cases of “unclaimed property,” a deeper look should be taken in Tulsa County into this outright theft that even outdoes civil asset forfeiture.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90516,"Effectively annihilating law enforcement claims writing tickets and arresting people are matters of public safety, a Florida police department has been caught red-handed holding a contest offering a “reward” to the officer who generated the most citations and arrests.

Last month, as an internal memo obtained by Channel 9 revealed, the Winter Springs Police Department held this reward-based citation-production contest, likely to generate a bit of extra revenue by commandeering people as often as possible through legal state extortion.

Winter Springs police insisted in a statement to Channel 9 the memorandum was “meant to promote teamwork and camaraderie,” and should not be equated with any sort of “quota” system.

As Channel 9 reported, “More than 100 citations, warnings and arrests were made during the weekend of Sept. 10. A handwritten memo titled ‘Delta Shift Weekend Competition’ offered ‘points’ for everything from a written warning to DUI arrests that weekend. The ‘winner’ would get to float for a pay period and also a ‘surprise.’”

Advertisment

Jeff Lotter, a former Orange County Sheriff’s deputy and a Florida Highway Patrol trooper who now works as a traffic attorney, admitted to the station officer discretion would likely be affected by the promise of a reward.

“I think a quota has a negative connotation: Meet this standard or you’re punished,” Lotter explained. “This is the inverse of that. The winner gets a reward, but it has the same effect.”

Quotas are, in fact, illegal in the State of Florida — but are often imposed in surreptitious methods to ensure ‘productivity’ and, as mentioned, increased revenue for a department.

“Does it happen in some places? Yeah, I’m sure it does,” Chuck Wexler, Police Executive Research Forum executive director told NPR of quota systems last year.

“On the one hand, there is an understandable desire to have productivity from your officers. But telling them that you want to arrest x number of people, you have to cite x number of people, it just encourages bad performance on the part of officers.”

Or, more accurately, bad behavior.

As Lotter noted of the Winter Park contest, some of the contest-induced September citations might have otherwise been mere warnings — in other words, for the duration of the contest, the police officers probably victimized only marginally guilty individuals.

“There are multiple citations issued to one driver,” he explained. “Generally you think about a major violation being issued, and warnings after that, so it definitely raises some questions.”

Channel 9 reported a single driver was issued a “$$206 ticket for speeding, a separate $$116 fine for failing to change his address on his license and a third fine of $$166 for open container.”

Another received a $$116 ticket for lacking proof of insurance and one for $$131 for speeding — after having exceeded the speed limit by just 9 miles per hour.

Such ordinarily-illegitimate — or at least highly questionable — fines don’t lend to confidence in policing, especially given the current evaporation of trust between law enforcement and the American public.

“If citizens believe that tickets are being issued or arrests are being made for reasons other than the goal of law enforcement, which is about public safety, then their trust in the legitimacy of the system is really eroded,” co-chairwoman of President Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing, Laurie Robinson, told NPR.

In the statement justifying the contest to Channel 9, the Winter Park Police Department said:

“After receiving your inquiry, we discovered the document in question was drafted during the period of one weekend in September by a sergeant as a way to promote teamwork within her individual squad. The context of the document was meant as a way to encourage camaraderie among her officers. It does not amount to an enforcement quota.

“Even despite statutory prohibitions, the Winter Springs Police Department has not and will not sanction enforcement quotas of any kind. In addition to crime prevention programs, proactive traffic enforcement is just one goal of reducing crime within any jurisdiction and we are continually committed to that cause. We will investigate this matter further and take remedial action as deemed necessary through that investigation.”

So, essentially this Florida police department recognizes quotas as illegal, has found a way to thwart the law, and will investigate itself for any wrongdoing — undoubtedly finding nothing untoward in the arbitrary increase in tickets and arrests, even of potentially innocent people.

“I think they know they’re in the gray area,” Lotter said, “and I would encourage them to dismiss these violations.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50182,"(Amando Flavio) While today’s electronics and applications make our lives easier and simpler, we often forget the cost to privacy in our connected lives. Let’s take a look at a few of the common electronics and applications that are spying on you and collecting your personal, and sensitive information…

#1. Roomba (Electric Vacuum Cleaner)

This cleaning device not only collects dust, it also collects your personal information. According to experts, the vacuum cleaner is embedded with advanced mapping technology. This allows it to learn and collect data on the floor plans of consumers’ homes, which is then sold or shared with companies such as Apple, Google, and Amazon.

#2. Smart TVs

Advertisment

While smart TVs allow you to connect to the Internet directly, they can also be used to collect your data. For example, a new technology called TVision Insights allows companies to monitor TV watchers’ viewing habits. This means that they can literally watch you as you watch TV. They even record data on where your eyes are looking, when you’re distracted, and what emotions you’re conveying.

In early 2015, Samsung warned its customers: “Please be aware that if your spoken words include personal or other sensitive information, that information will be among the data captured and transmitted to a third party.”

Vizio TVs was fined $$2.2 million for collecting and selling footage from millions of its TVs users without their knowledge. When Vizion was fined, it had already had sold 11 million smart TVs.

#3. Google

When it comes to spying, the least said about Google, the better. The Internet search engine is secretly recording everything you do; it records your voice, texts and videos you send. You could literally read all of the texts you sent years ago, and even listen to the conversations you’ve had. The company also tracks every move you make on a daily basis.

#4. Snapchat

The image messaging and multimedia mobile application has location settings that allow you to share your location with friends at all times. Your “Snap Map”, if enabled at all times, allows all of your Snapchat friends to see where exactly you are located, even if that means your precise home address. The application is advanced that it can even tell when you’re driving in a car or in an airplane.

#5. Pokémon Go

This smartphone game specifically tells users that they are sharing their locations, storage, photos, and cameras with the company and that they reserve the right to collect and share that data with third parties, including potential buyers and the government.

If iOS users log in through their Google account, they automatically share their information with the creators of Pokémon Go, essentially handing over pretty much all information related to their Google account, including their Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, and more.

#6. Playstation

The gaming console records and monitors all of your activity while using it. Playstation 4 uses voice commands, which means the device is listening to you even when you’re not using your headset to speak to other players. Further, it can collect data and generate information on your personal preferences.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74516,"Shelton, WA — When 25-year-old Nicholas Heflin arrived at the Community Lifeline homeless shelter last May, it was closed. Having nowhere to go, Heflin walked around to the side of the shelter and laid down at the top of a staircase to get some sleep for the night. Hours after he’d fallen asleep, however, Heflin would be abruptly woken up to the searing hot sensation of chemicals being sprayed into his face by two of Shelton’s finest. For the next several minutes, he’d be pepper sprayed, tasered, and punched repeatedly in the face—for doing nothing other than sleeping in a stairwell.

Shelton police officers, Justin Doherty and Matt Dickinson were fired earlier this month for their unprovoked attack on Heflin and they were also facing charges of assault. However, the Mason County Prosecuting Attorney’s Office on Monday declined to press charges against the officers for the incident which left Heflin with a broken nose, eye injuries, and multiple broken bones in his face.

Michael Dorcy, the Mason County Prosecutor, said his office solicited advice from use-of-force and training experts who believed criminal charges weren’t warranted, reports the News Tribune.

Dorcy wrote, “The burden of proof cannot be met to sustain criminal assault charges beyond all reasonable doubt in court.”

Around 1:40 a.m. on May 25, Doherty and Dickinson found Heflin sleeping outside of the homeless shelter with his feet hanging off the staircase. Heflin had not harmed anyone and was merely attempting to get a night’s sleep at a place designated to help homeless people.

Advertisment

According to Heflin, he never heard the officers’ commands to get up. The officers told Heflin three times to get up and show his hands before Doherty, shining a light in Heflin’s face said, “I’m going to tell you one more time to show me your hands, or I’m going to pepper spray you.”

While it is clear from the body camera footage that Heflin did not immediately respond to the officers’ commands, any reasonable person would have understood that it’s likely due to the fact that he is sleeping. This sleep, however, was then deemed resisting arrest and so force was escalated.

After he was sprayed in his face, Heflin wakes up, clearly in shock and panic. He tries to show his hands but is writhing in agony. As police order him up, Heflin gets up on his knees and begins coughing from having his face blasted with pepper spray.

At this point, Doherty jumps onto” Heflin, “forcing him into the corner of the landing,” according to the Thurston County report.

The report notes Heflin can be heard “yelling, ‘Dude, dude, dude, my neck, dude, my neck.’”

During the struggle, Heflin can be heard screaming for help as the brutal sounds of repeated punches to his face painfully ring out. After a minute of punching him in his face, officers taser Heflin. For several minutes, we can hear the two officers repeatedly punch Heflin in the face.

As the News Tribune reports, the Thurston County report states the “majority of the strikes appear to have connected with (Heflin’s) face.” It also says the officers were wearing “knuckle guard riot style gloves” which may have made the man’s injuries worse.

Heflin is now planning a lawsuit against the City of Shelton for $$15 million. Tuesday night, his attorney Jeanette Boothe said Heflin was “quite emotional about the fact that (the police officers) were not going to be criminally charged.”

Boothe told reporters they are exploring other options to hold the officers accountable such as a federal criminal investigation.

“We think this is an egregious assault on this young man,” Boothe said. “And he’s certainly going to have lasting results from it.”

Naturally, the lawyer for the two officers, Alan E. Harvey, is claiming that his clients did nothing wrong and “acted within the training they have received at the Shelton Police Department, and acted within policy, and that they committed no crimes.”

Harvey claims the officers being fired was due to the fact that the chief of police had “succumb to public pressure, and, as a result, two officers were unjustly terminated.”

If history is any indicator, both of these officers will likely be rehired in the future and given back pay.

Below is a video of what sleeping looks like in a police state.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89847,"John Vibes

July 8, 2014

After becoming recognized as one of the most violent and brutal police forces in the country, the Albuquerque police department will be giving a pay raise to their employees. This was obviously not decided by the community, but was actually voted on by “the Albuquerque Police Officer Association”.

Albuquerque police officers will receive a five percent raise following the vote, and new officers will also start off with higher pay. Other benefits and incentives will also be provided to long standing members of the police force.

“The hard work of our leadership, the administration, and city council has proven that we are moving forward in the right direction. To restore what our Officers have been harmed,” the police union said in a statement.

Advertisment

There was no mention of the rampant police brutality that has haunted the police department in recent years.

“I am very pleased that our police officers voted to accept this contract that takes their cumulative pay increases since I took office to almost 12%, while ending the practice of taxpayers footing the bill for union business,” Mayor Richard Berry said in a statement.

This is one of the many circumstances where police officers are rewarded for extreme misconduct and violence. It almost seems like an intentional systematic policy, to reward oppressive behavior.

In recent months Albuquerque, New Mexico has taken center stage in the fight against police brutality. The Albuquerque Police Department is traditionally known for their aggression and constant abuses of power, but recently the whole country started to take notice when a group of police killed a homeless man in cold blood, because he was camping in a public park. READ MORE: Cops Beat Man & 7-Month Pregnant Wife then Deleted the Video, But it Survived on the Cloud In the months following this attack there were several other police involved murders in the area, and protests have continued to grow in size and intensity. Instead of actually doing something to prevent police officers from using violence against innocent people, the police department created a new bureaucracy and selected an officer with a history of police brutality to run it. Additionally, a New Mexico Police Chief recently avoided losing his job after he was caught on video having sex in the back of an ambulance. As this website has covered multiple times in the past, when police officers try to do the right thing and protect people from other police, they are usually fired. The fact that this police department is receiving pay raises after a year like this, where they made national headlines on a regular basis for their terrible treatment of civilians, shows just the kind of behavior that is valued in police departments.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88110,"CARSON CITY — A 45-pound Australian shepherd named Freckles died in May when a Las Vegas police officer hit him with his cruiser to stop him from running toward a group of children.

The officer said the dog jumped a fence and he feared he would harm the children.

Advertisment

But Freckles’ owner, SarahRose Hecht, contended her “son” would not harm anyone. She paid more than $$1,000 in veterinarian bills in a futile attempt to save her pet. She later organized a “Justice for Freckles” protest at which she and others demanded mandatory training on dealing with unruly dogs for all police.

“I have no doubt my dog would still be alive if the officer had on iota of training on dog behavior and dog psychology,” said Hecht, 27, who still sobs when talking about Freckles. “There was no reason for deadly force.”

Hecht could get her wish. State Sen. David Parks, D-Las Vegas, has requested legislation to require police to go through training in dealing with dogs to avoid shooting of peoples’ prized pets.

Read Full Article",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103903,"Las Vegas, NV — Former Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department (LVMPD) officer Richard Scavone pleaded guilty this week in federal court to assaulting a handcuffed woman in his custody. After the plea, authorities released the body camera footage of the assault. It is nothing short of infuriating and shows the level of violence a woman-abusing cop was willing to take to assert his authority.

Scavone now faces up to a year behind bars and a $$100,000 fine on one count of deprivation of rights under color of law in connection with the encounter.

The encounter happened in January of 2015 after this abusive cop thought he had nabbed himself a prostitute.

The woman had done nothing wrong and was walking down the sidewalk drinking a coffee when Scavone attacked her for no reason. She was entirely compliant during the stop even though this sadistic predator kept abusing her.

Advertisment

“The hell you think you’re talking to?” he asks her in the video as he threatens her life.

After a brief radio call, this monster then asks his victim, “What else do you want me to do, tough guy?”

“Go ahead and take me to jail. That’s all I want you to do,” she replies, knowing that at any moment this maniac could kill her and jail is her only refuge.

“You got it,” he says, as he then puts his hand inside her bra and pulls out her personal belongings and sexually assaulting her in the process.

The woman was then arrested on false charges of littering. Once the truth came out, however, those charges were dropped.

Scavone is scheduled to be sentenced in January. Under a deal with prosecutors, he no longer can work as a police officer.

Below is the report from the Department of Justice.

According to admissions made in the plea agreement, on January 6, 2015, Scavone, 50, was working as an LVMPD patrol officer, and was accompanied in his patrol car by an LVMPD jail corrections officer on a ride-along. At approximately 5:00 a.m., Scavone and the ride-along encountered A.O., who was talking on the phone and holding a cup of coffee. When Scavone told A.O. to “move along,” A.O responded that she was waiting on someone and threw her cup of coffee to the ground. Scavone, who was wearing a body-worn camera that recorded video and audio, exited his patrol car and approached A.O. with a Taser in hand. Scavone admitted that during the interaction with A.O., and while A.O. was handcuffed, he: shoved A.O. to the ground; grabbed her around the neck with his hand and threw her to the ground; struck her in the forehead with an open palm; grabbed her by the head and slammed her face onto the hood of his patrol vehicle; grabbed her by the hair and slammed her face onto the hood of his patrol vehicle a second time; and slammed A.O. into the door of his patrol vehicle. Scavone admitted that he took those actions without legal justification and that he knew his actions were against the law. Scavone faces a maximum sentence of up to one year in prison and a fine of up to $$100,000. Sentencing will be held on January 11, 2018. “The U.S. Attorney’s Office is committed to protecting the civil rights of all Nevada citizens, regardless of their backgrounds,” said Acting U.S. Attorney Myhre. “The defendant took an oath to serve and protect with honor and integrity. Misconduct such as this will not be tolerated and those who break the law will be held accountable for their actions.” “As Mr. Scavone realized today, no one is above the law,” said Special Agent in Charge Rouse. “Law enforcement takes an oath to protect and serve our communities. We are, and rightfully should be, held to a higher standard. Every day, the vast majority of police officers in our community uphold that standard under difficult, dangerous conditions. However, when law enforcement breaks that vow, they will be held accountable.” After conducting its own investigation into Scavone’s conduct, LVMPD terminated Scavone’s employment.

Below is the body camera footage showing the damage one abusive cop on a power trip can inflict.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
79571,"Two videographers were in Jacksonville Florida conducting a First Amendment Audit on Wednesday. They were filming prisoners being transported in and out of the Duval County Courthouse’s sally port.

A sally port is usually behind a wall or other fixed protection but the this one empties right on to a public roadway.

The first cameraman is approached by two Jacksonville officers and immediately asked what he is doing, to which the cameraman responds, “I am filming in a public space.”

Advertisment

Sgt. Richardson of the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office informs the cameraman that this public space is a “secure area,” and he cannot be filming here, and begins to ask more questions.

When the cameraman invokes his 5th Amendment right, he is told by Sgt. Richardson, “You must be doing something wrong if you invoke your rights.”

Let that sink in…..

This statement by Richardson could have been a Freudian slip or a brutally honest admission. Either way, it is disturbing.

SCOTUS ruled in June of 2013, in Salinas V. Texas, that remaining silent could actually be used as evidence of guilt.

To prevent the privilege against self-incrimination from shielding information not properly within its scope, a witness who “`desires the protection of the privilege . . . must claim it'” at the time he relies on it.

In other words, simply remaining silent is not enough, you must specifically invoke your 5th Amendment right. However, if police treat those who know and invoke their rights as criminals, what does that say about the current state of affairs in police state USA?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38385,"Ferguson, Missouri – The Missouri chapter of the Oath Keepers are planning to hold an open carry march through downtown Ferguson, Mo., which will reportedly involve arming 50 black protestors with AR-15 rifles.

The decision to hold the event transpired after St. Louis County officials, in violation of Missouri’s open carry law, insisted that members of the group could not open carry long barrel rifles within the city. In a video uploaded to YouTube, police chief Jon Belmar is seen warning a number of Oath Keepers that open carrying long barrel rifles would be a violation of the law.

“My only problem is with the long guns and inciting these guys out here,” Belmar said, referring to the Ferguson protesters.

When one of the men questioned Belmar regarding Missouri’s open carry law, he responded by saying, “I have attorneys. I didn’t go to law school. I get what you guys stand for and probably agree with most of it. All I’m trying to do is manage this thing.”

Advertisment

While trying to simply manage things is semi-understandable, it’s Belmar’s duty to assure that those he employs respect Missouri’s open carry law and the Constitutional rights’ of American citizens.

Head of the St. Louis County, Mo. Oath Keepers group, Sam Andrews called Belmar out for his blatant disregard of the law.

“He (Belmar) was thumbing his nose at the legislature of the State of Missouri. It was like he couldn’t give a crap about the Bill of Rights or state law.”

Andrews told Red Dirt News that the march would be held in the next “couple of weeks,” as a means of demonstrating the veracity of Missouri’s open carry law to law enforcement.

Andrews explained that he and members of his group spent almost an entire night speaking with black protestors about the events in Ferguson and the 2nd Amendment right to bear arms.

“Every person we talked to said if they carried they’d be shot by police. That’s the reason we’re going to hold this event and it will be a legal demonstration,” Andrews said. “I’m sick and tired of law enforcement who doesn’t think they have to abide by the law. They’re narcissistic and that guy (Belmar) discredited my men.”

Oath Keepers are made up mainly of current and former military and law enforcement officers who have sworn to place their oath to the Constitution ahead of any law or command given that violates the rights of the citizens.

Last year, Andrews told the New York Times that the group’s membership includes “a really broad group of citizens, and I’m sure their motivations are all different. In many of them, there’s probably a sense of patriotism. But I think in most of them, there’s probably something that they probably don’t even recognize: that we have a moral obligation to protect the weakest among us.”

Andrews said that the 50 African-Americans, armed with long barrel rifles, will be accompanied by Oath Keepers members during the march through downtown Ferguson.

While the mainstream media has worked feverishly to paint the Oath Keepers as a some quasi-racist fringe right wing militia group, with the explicit implication that blacks should fear them, they have shown themselves to be true defenders of the rights of all Americans.

Andrews went on the record in an interview with Josh Cook of Truth in Media:

“We have people from all different races on our security team. We’re not racist and we wouldn’t tolerate anyone in our organization who is a racist. If we found out that someone was a racist we would kick them out of our organization. So that should dispel myth number one… “The second myth is that the police are doing the right thing. The truth of the matter is Chief Jon Belmar of St. Louis County Police has been breaking our state law, threatening to disarm people, and violating people’s rights. They’ve been breaking Missouri’s revised statute 44.101. I would encourage everyone to look up for themselves. It prevents the police or any government official from disarming anyone during a state of emergency. Yet Belmar continues to threaten to do that and continues to try to intimidate anyone who is armed… “The third myth is that we are out in Ferguson to hurt people. And that’s the opposite of the truth. We are there to protect people. We’ve been guarding African-American people, Asian people, white people, people in mixed marriages, Korean people, Chinese people. It’s just ridiculous that the media continues to try and put forth this lie that we are racist and white supremacists. That’s not true at all… “We’re a cross-section of America. We’re made up of people of all races, all political persuasions.” Cook asked Andrews what he would say to the protesters in Ferguson. “The first thing I would say is ‘Black Lives Matter.’ The second thing I would say is that the Oath Keepers are there to protect your rights. We care about you, regardless of all the lies that the media and some other instigators have tried to propagate. Black lives matter, we care about you, we love you and we are there to protect you,” said Andrew. “We love the people of Ferguson and they deserve to be protected and the St. Louis County police is not doing the job.”

The right to bear arms is the last line of self-defense against tyranny; a crucial lesson that those most tread upon in society would be wise to learn. Andrew’s efforts to empower and protect those most victimized, while recognizing his moral obligation do to so, shows a character that seeks to truly enlighten and empower those disenfranchised by the state.

When protesters are out in force, and the police don’t respect their right to demonstrate, open carry levels the playing field and keeps the police from engaging in reckless brutality and unprovoked violence.

Please share this story if you’re tired of the divisive race baiting and wish to see more genuine displays of unity and the empowerment of all peoples! United we stand, divided we fall.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on BenSwann’s Truth in Media, Chris Hedges’ truth-out, AlterNet and many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103908,"29-year-old Duncan Kirkwood of Montgomery Alabama recently created an extremely useful police accountability phone application called “Hands Up”. The app allows users to record police encounters and automatically update the footage to online storage that cannot be accessed or deleted by the officers. Kirkwood said that he was inspired to create the app after he was recently pulled over by police for no reason.

“You know, I’m a black man who grew up in the inner city. I know that when the police pull you over it’s probably gonna be a bad day. I realized that I should not have to be afraid of the police. If I break a traffic law, I should get a ticket and that’s it. I shouldn’t have to be worried about getting dragged out of the vehicle, being shot, getting tased, and just having the officer’s word against mine,” Kirkwood said in a recent interview with Fusion.

Advertisment

When Kirkwood started thinking about how he could be a part of the solution, he realized that there was a need to protect the footage that was taken of police encounters. Kirkwood said that he realized this “because I saw videos online of police taking people’s phones, and I even saw a video of police smashing someone’s phone.”

With the help of his brother and sister, Kirkwood was able to create the new app that is already on the Android market and will be available for Itunes in just a few months. Just search for “Hands Up The App.”

“God forbid if something bad happens to someone, it won’t be another Mike Brown situation because there will be video evidence to show exactly what happened. Think of it like having insurance: it’s better to have and not need it than to need it and not have it,” Kirkwood said of his product.

He added, “We think that this will be a game changer. It is giving the power back to individuals, and allowing for accountability in all kinds of different situations. If next week, the same officer does something else, and that is also caught on tape, then you will be able to see a pattern, and the departments are gonna start telling their people to stop abusing their authority. When people start to learn or assume, they are being videotaped, most times they will change their behavior and do what’s right.”

The use of the application is detailed below:

1. – Once pulled over by a police officer, turn on the app, click front facing camera and begin recording. The best position for this is to place the phone on the dashboard between the windshield and middle of the dashboard with a slight tilt towards the driver’s side window. By using the forward facing camera, you can see that the camera is positioned correctly right before the screen goes black.

2. – Once you begin video recording, you have 10 seconds before the app will go black, but the app is STILL recording. This feature is to protect you from police that might take or destroy your phone.

3. – If you are pulled over at night, turn on your overhead light so that encounter with law enforcement can be seen.

4. – This app uses the GPS feature on your phone and will geotag each video.

5. – Please create a YouTube page and login on your phone. This feature will automatically save videos every 2 minutes of recording. It will save to your app, your device, your Dropbox and can be uploaded to YouTube.

6. – Please download the Dropbox app and set your device to automatically save pictures and videos to your Dropbox account and share the account information with your emergency contact so they will have access to the video.

7. – Please enter an emergency contact information. Every time a video is uploaded, it will send a text message to your contact notifying them a video has been uploaded to Dropbox.

8. – This app will work to publicize all peaceful protests and demonstrations across the nation. Please feel free to email us at [email protected] with upcoming protests and demonstrations.

You can find information at http://www.handsuptheapp.com/

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95550,"Advertising giant Clear Channel Outdoor Americas, which owns tens of thousands of billboards across the country, announced Monday that it will be debuting a new kind of consumer-tracking system called Radar.

Following in the footsteps of targeted advertisements seen on the web, Radar will tap into data from several partner companies to determine what kinds of advertisements will be displayed on a billboard screen. Just as importantly, the system will also track how good of a job the ads are doing at convincing people to look up the brand on their phones, or go out and shop.

“In aggregate, that data can then tell you information about what the average viewer of that billboard looks like,” Andy Stevens, senior vice president for research and insights at Clear Channel Outdoor, told the New York Times. “Obviously that’s very valuable to an advertiser.”

Advertisment

While Stevens admitted that the system “does sound a bit creepy,” he pointed out that mobile advertisers have been using the same data mining techniques for years to deliver targeted advertisements.

To take advantage of this trove of information, Clear Channel is partnering with AT&T Data Patterns, the telecom giant’s data collection unit; Placed, which pays consumers for the right to track their movements; and PlaceIQ, which uses location information from apps to predict consumer behavior. All data used by Radar will be anonymous and aggregated, Clear Channel says, seeking to allay at least some concerns over privacy.

The system was recently tested in Orlando, Florida, displaying advertisements for the shoe company Toms. Clear Channel said that it used Radar to determine that people who saw the ads were 44 percent more likely to buy a pair of Toms shoes, according to Fortune.

While the new tech could help revamp billboards, which look like dinosaurs compared to the algorithmically sophisticated online ads, privacy advocates have concerns about tracking the online behavior of consumers in the real world.

Jeffrey Chester, executive director of Center for Digital Democracy, told the NY Times that most people don’t realize that they are being monitored, even if they agree to allow companies to track their behavior and movements.

“It is incredibly creepy, and it’s the most recent intrusion into our privacy,” Chester said.

Clear Channel is set to bring Radar to major population centers such as New York and Los Angeles, and eventually plans to make the technology available across the country.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38743,"With each day bringing geopolitical rivals, the United States and Russia, closer to the brink of an open military engagement in Syria and beyond, an eye-opening and accurate summary of the entire ordeal has finally come. Storm Clouds Gathering has released a short video that breaks down numerous indisputable facts which the corporate mainstream media have essentially attempted to keep hidden from the American public.

Russia has changed the geopolitical equation with the recent moves in Syria. They have been targeting and militarily striking the numerous factions fighting against the government of Bashar al-Assad, including CIA backed insurgent groups. The calculating and strategic moves by Putin reveal an intricate knowledge of U.S. geopolitical strategy in the region and beyond, and are are meant as a blockade against U.S. hegemony within Russia’s sphere of influence.

According to the report by Storm Clouds Gathering:

Advertisment

On September 30th, 2015 Russia began airstrikes against ISIS and its affiliates in Syria. These strikes were conducted at the request of the Syrian government. Iran followed announcing that they were preparing to send in ground troops. These developments completely change the geopolitical equation, and not just in Syria. Western politicians and their corporate media lapdogs are obviously not happy about where this is headed, and they have taken to the airwaves in force to voice their condemnation. First they claimed that Russia was hitting “moderate”, U.S. backed rebels rather than exclusively focusing on ISIS. Wait, on September 16th General Lloyd Austin of the US Central Command testified that there were only 4 or 5 U.S. trained fighters in all of Syria, and now these fighters are supposedly in control of an entire region? This assertion would be absurd enough on its own, but the reality of the matter is that the area in question has been controlled by Al-Nusra, for at least two years. And just so we’re clear here, Al-Nusra is Al-Qaeda’s Syrian branch, and they have direct alliances with ISIS. Not that this distinction between Al-Nusra and the FSA would really change the equation. The FSA has publicly acknowledged on several occasions that they are cooperating Al-Nusra, and the FSA command itself has been dominated by Islamic extremists since at least 2012.

In this strategic geopolitical game, the U.S.’s so-called “moderate rebels” are simply the name given to the U.S. backed insurgents who fight side by side with al-Qaeda and the Islamic State, with the common goal of Syrian regime change.

The U.S. attempts to pretend there are “moderate rebels,” a claim that is refuted by the U.S.’s own former point man in Syria, “Free Syrian Army” (FSA) Col. Abdel Jabbar al-Okaidi. In the video below he was open about his daily communication and collaboration with extremist jihadists from the “Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham” (ISIS) and al-Qaeda’s official branch in Syria, Jabhat al-Nusra.

He refers to their fighters as brothers. In video footage after the rebel capture of Menagh military airbase, he even appeared standing next to an Egyptian jihadist from ISIS, Abu Jandal, while thanking him and his group for their contributions. The U.S. is known to have funneled military aid to al-Okaidi and others in the FSA throughout the last couple of years.

This begs the question; if the FSA and al-Nusra work together, and al-Nusra is working with ISIS, then why haven’t those funding and arming the FSA been charged with providing material support to terrorists? Oh wait… that would mean the CIA and U.S. government would then need to be prosecuted, as they are the ones providing this support.

With reports that ISIS suffered more damage from the sustained Russian assault, which included attack choppers, special forces commandos and bombers with precision guided munitions, in the first 72 hours of the attack than they had in the past 12 months at the hands of the U.S., it’s no surprise the Americans stepped up their disinformation/propaganda war against the Russians.

Make no mistake that the centers of America power are strategizing their next moves, which will almost certainly draw the world closer to a World War III scenario. This past Sunday former U.S. national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski published an article in the Financial Times urging the U.S. to show “strategic boldness” in confronting Russia in Syria, forwarding the prospect of threatening military retaliation against Russia if Putin continued bombing CIA-backed Syrian rebels. He suggested that an American counter-attack should be to “disarm” the “Russian naval and air presence,” an almost surefire recipe to create the perfect conditions for a broader conflict.

Additionally, after a Russian aircraft ventured into Turkish airspace, there has been discussion among NATO members about moving to place 40,000 troops into Turkey.

According to a report by Pepe Escobar for RT:

So a Su-30 enters a few hundred meters into Turkish airspace for only two minutes over Hatay province, and returns to Syrian airspace after being warned by a couple of Turkish F-16s. Then all hell breaks loose as if this was the ultimate pretext for a NATO-Russia war. NATO, predictably, went out all rhetorical guns blazing. Russia is causing “extreme danger” and should immediately stop bombing those cute “moderate rebels” the coalition of the dodgy opportunists refuses to bomb. But wait; NATO is actually too busy to go to war. The priority, until at least November, is the epic Trident Juncture 2015; 36,000 troops from 30 states, more than 60 warships, around 200 aircraft, all are seriously practicing how to defend from the proverbial “The Russians are Coming!”

The Russian’s heavy assault on forces opposed to the Assad government was a calculated risk meant to stabilize strategic geopolitical interests in the region, while challenging U.S. imperialist designs for regime change in Syria. The effects of these actions will consequently reverberate through the international system.

The U.S. has no legitimate standing under international law to be militarily assisting an armed revolution against a state’s elected leader. The arming of so-called “moderate rebel” groups, which are fighting against the sovereign government of Syria, reveals an imperialistic drive by the U.S., which has the potential to spiral into a large scale global conflict.

A dangerous game is being played in Syria. Please share this important information!

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, AlterNet, InfoWars, MintPressNews and maany other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
92270,"In a recent interview, Indigenous Environmental Network coordinator and activist, Dallas Goldtooth, revealed startling information about unwelcome people present in the encampments supporting the Standing Rock Sioux in their opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline — infiltrators.

And not just typical government moles, either — though undoubtedly, as was the case with Occupy, they have also staked a claim in the Oceti Sakowin, Sacred Stone, and other camps. As Goldtooth explained, Energy Transfer Partners, the company constructing the pipeline, has deployed infiltrators to the camps to purposely heighten tensions with police and ruin the water protectors’ established policy of nonviolence.

Democracy Now!’s Amy Goodman originally interviewed Goldtooth a few weeks ago, but did not publish the full interview until yesterday — and the information would be good to keep handy when someone claims water protectors have been violent and thus deserve brutality wrought by the Morton County Sheriff’s Department and the other law enforcement agencies guarding the pipeline.

Goldtooth began his discussion about agitators in the context of a troubling incident which occurred in late October — in the exact location, Highway 1806’s Backwater Bridge, where a number of confrontations between water protectors and police have taken place.

Although some details remain sketchy, on October 27, water protectors spotted a man in a Chevy Silverado with an AR-15 rifle in the passenger seat speeding down Highway 1806 toward one of the camps. Worried for people’s safety, tribal members and other water protectors jumped in their vehicles, chased the man down, and forced the Silverado from the road near Backwater Bridge.

Multiple eyewitnesses said the man, later identified as Kyle Thompson, got out of his vehicle, brandishing the rifle and a 9mm pistol — and aimed the AR-15 at the head of one of the people who had chased him down.

“You can’t kill all of us,” one person told Thompson. “You’re just going to make things worse.”

Advertisment

Thompson wore clothing mimicking a water protector — as if he intended ultimately to infiltrate the camp to cause violence and make it appear as if the water protectors weren’t peaceful opposition to the pipeline.

After exiting his vehicle, Thompson waded into the water and refused to hand over his weapons — but the tribal members managed to keep him at bay for half an hour until Bureau of Indian Affairs police arrived to make the arrest.

Once Thompson was taken into custody, water protectors scoured his vehicle for information — and discovered a DAPL (Dakota Access Pipeline) security badge with his picture and vehicle insurance held by Dakota Access LLC.

Goldtooth told Democracy Now! that Thompson admitted to tribal security he was, in fact, employed by Dakota Access — likely as a security contractor, though that remains unclear.

“I think that it’s pretty terrifying to know that there—that Dakota Access has infiltrators within our camp, is paying for individuals like this, armed individuals, to create situations of escalation, potentially creating very, very dangerous situations by—you know, we don’t know what his intention could have been,” Goldtooth explained. “He could have, you know, fired upon police, creating a situation where the police think it’s coming from our protectors when it’s not. I mean, it goes hand in hand with this series of mysterious situations that really paints—creates a situation where we have to feel suspicious about what Dakota Access’s intentions are.”

Despite the altogether damning evidence proving Thompson to be a pipeline employee in some capacity, Dakota Access denied the man worked for the company.

Obviously, one rogue person wouldn’t be sufficient evidence of outside actors infiltrating the camps to paint water protectors in an unpleasant light — but there have been other indications agitators are present in the camps for that purpose.

Heightened violence by police defending the pipeline began in earnest earlier in the day on October 27, when law enforcement used rubber bullets, tear gas, and pepper spray to forcefully clear a nascent frontline camp near Backwater Bridge along Highway 1806. In the process, police destroyed a number of tents and disrespectfully dismantled a teepee after refusing to allow water protectors to take it down themselves, arresting over 100 people in the process.

Agitators quickly took advantage of the situation, as journalist Derrick Broze, who camped with water protectors, wrote for Mint Press News, “In stark contrast to the water protectors’ many actions of peaceful prayer and ceremony, the atmosphere at the bridge the night of Oct. 27 was more reminiscent of an outdoor rave. The protesters on the bridge set fire to an SUV, and threw rocks and other objects at a row of armored vehicles operated by law enforcement. This small faction of non-peaceful protesters and officers briefly tossed smoke bombs back and forth.

“Officers eventually lit two smoke bombs on the north side of the bridge before parking two armored vehicles at the exit to the bridge, preventing water protectors and protestors from evacuating in that direction. All law enforcement vehicles were gone within a matter of minutes, and protesters climbed aboard the armored vehicles before setting fire to them.”

Those vehicles burned through the night, but neither police nor fire crews bothered to return to extinguish the flames. Broze continued:

“On Oct. 28, water protectors and elders arrived on the scene to retake the bridge from the agitating faction in all-black clothing, a tactic for protests and marches known as ‘black bloc.’ There were no more than 20 of these provocateurs, and they all traveled together in five older pick-up trucks. Several fights broke out on the bridge as the agitators clashed with those calling strictly for prayer and ceremony, and the agitators were run off the bridge and back to the camps within an hour.”

The fact, these agitators used black bloc tactics — wearing all-black, nondescript clothing to make identification and arrest by police difficult — is significant, as law enforcement has been caught on multiple occasions infiltrating protest movements this way. Police officers, federal agents, or even pipeline security could easily opportune that tactic during conflicts or pose as water protectors, who often shield their faces with bandanas, to gain entry into the camps.

Tribal members condemned the violent acts and the encampments have well-established rules against destruction of property, weapons, and violence by anyone who wishes to support their opposition to Dakota Access.

Still and drone photographer, Tim Yakaitis, has stayed in the North Dakota encampments on multiple occasions, and also noted the presence of agitators.

“The violence isn’t coming from the protesters,” he told the Record Journal. “It’s coming from the black ops security infiltrators who have come in to start violence so that the pipeline company and the police can point at us and say it’s our fault.”

Yakaitis also claimed he had ‘spoken with an underground hacker who found a document stating that Dakota Access LLC has contracted 75 agents from a security company. From what he’s seen, the security company is sending infiltrators into the camp to pose as protesters and create violence.’

A set of guidelines published by Indian Country Today explaining what to expect if you join the Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux Tribes in North Dakota expressly addresses the issue of outside agitators and spies present in the camps. Supporters are strongly cautioned not to follow instructions given by non-Native leadership, and are reminded the protection of water in the case of Dakota Access is an Indigenous issue:

“Keep in mind that there are infiltrators in camp. Don’t gossip. If someone tries to persuade you to take action not called for by Indigenous leadership at the camp, check with an elder or other leader.”

Law enforcement and the pipeline company have a vested interest in making opposition to Dakota Access appear violent and destructive — if water protectors aren’t as peaceful as they claim, police would have a sound reason to lash out and brutalize the group, and the company could legitimately claim the camps need to be cleared for construction to continue.

Although Indigenous water protectors advocate prayerful, peaceful opposition and acts of civil disobedience without violence and destruction to begin with, it’s likely the policy of non-violence exists in part precisely because infiltrators were expected.

If someone you know claims water protectors have brought brutal police actions on themselves, it would benefit them greatly to be privy to this information. Opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline is imperative to preserve clean drinking water — not only for the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, but for 18 million people downstream.

As Dallas Goldtooth noted, law enforcement and the pipeline company seem not to value life or have any considerations for the future.

As he explained of incident involving Thompson, “it just clearly paints that Dakota Access has no regard for common decency or any kind of corporate responsibility. And it’s really surprising that people are still invested in this company.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88472,"“This one went bad, from the standpoint of how it ended, but the officer was doing exactly what we want him to do,” Police Sergeant Crump said.

Phoenix, Arizona – Tuesday night, 34-year-old Rumain Brisbon was shot and killed by a police officer, because the officer mistakenly thought that he was carrying a gun. The Phoenix Police Department has not yet revealed the name of the officer responsible for the murder, but the smear campaign, by the media, against the victim has already begun.

According to police, the officers involved were investigating Brisbon because some neighbors allegedly told them that someone in an SUV was selling drugs in a nearby apartment complex. From the start, this story seems suspicious as police often use fabricated “anonymous” tips as a justification to search and harass people who they are interested in profiling. The family also suggests that a false report may have been possible.

Brisbon’s family says that he was simply going out to get dinner, and had returned home with two McDonald’s bags when he was attacked by police.

The officers claim that they approached Brison’s SUV, and say that he seemed to be moving things around in his vehicle and moving things around in his pockets. When police attempted to interrogate him, Brisbon reportedly fled into the apartment complex.

The officer hunted him through the apartment complex and tackled him, wrestling the man into the doorway of his own apartment. In the scuffle, the officer shot and killed Brisbon in the doorway of his home, in front of his girlfriend and their small children. After searching the man’s body, police found that the object in Brisbon’s pocket was just a bottle of pills, and that he was actually unarmed during the chase.

Advertisment

“When our officer lost his grip on the suspect’s hand — in close quarters with the suspect — our officer fired two rounds, striking the suspect in the torso with both rounds, ending the confrontation with the individual,” Phoenix Police Sergeant Trent Crump said in a statement.

When police went back and searched his SUV, they did find a legally owned firearm. However, Brisbon actually made the conscious decision to leave that gun behind so it stands to reason that he had no intent on hurting the officer.

Also found in the car was a small amount of marijuana, which he was also legally licensed to possess under Arizona state law, a friend of the family told The Free Thought Project this week.

As for the bottle of pills in his pocket, his family says that they could have been legally prescribed to him from a work-related injury. The police department has neglected to mention these facts to the media, but instead, has instructed them to paint Brisbon as a criminal, suggesting that the legally owned weapon and legally prescribed drugs were evidence that the man was a drug dealer. Even if he was a drug dealer, which it seems that there is a very good chance he was not, the police should not have a right to take his life.

The mainstream media will surely latch onto the small and irrelevant details about the marijuana in the car, or Brisbon’s prior drug charges to justify the actions of this officer. However, is having a prior drug conviction grounds for a death sentence? Is running away from police or disobeying an officer grounds to be killed?

Sadly, according to police departments, juries, and mainstream media organizations all over the country, anyone who commits a non-violent offense or disobeys a police officer deserves whatever violence is inflicted upon them. It is this prevailing attitude which allows these murders to continue on a daily basis.

“Let’s be very clear: The officer was doing what we expect him to do, and that is, investigating crimes that neighbors are telling him are occurring in that apartment complex. This one went bad, from the standpoint of how it ended, but the officer was doing exactly what we want him to do,” Police Sergeant Crump said.

However, the victim’s family tells a different story.

“While grieving, the family has to endure false media headlines, that accuse Rumain for being “a drug dealer and the cop as a hero.” This false accusation led to his death and his hero is nothing more than a murderer with a badge. As an open to carry firearms state (in Arizona), police found a small handgun in Rumain’s vehicle. He didn’t take the gun out to shoot back at any policemen. It was simply left behind and he ran away unarmed. It’s been reported, the drugs that claim to have been found, was of no large amount for any type of distribution,” the family said in a statement.

People from the community that Rumain lived in are speaking out and saying that he was a good man who was no threat to anyone. Supporters have planned a rally for Rumain on December 4th, at 8pm at 424 N Central Ave, Phoenix, Arizona 85004.

You can also donate to the family’s legal fund at this LINK.

Rumain’s 9-year-old daughter wrote the following heartbreaking open-letter to the police officer who killer her dad:

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102904,"Boston, MA — In many dystopian novels, from Brave New World to 1984, training the children to unconditionally love and support the state is an underlying theme and a necessity for maintaining the status quo.

In 1984, the state was still attempting to condition the population to be unquestioningly obedient. Through language designed to make tattling noble, the children would turn in their own parents for thought crimes or other violations.

In Brave New World, however, the conditioning process was perfected, and the state only needed to maintain its control.

In both instances, the idea of parental or familial loyalty was nonexistent. A child who believes the state is their mommy and daddy — needs no parents.

In the United States, children, on average, will spend over 1,000 hours every year for 13 straight years, in government indoctrination facilities known as public schools. While in these schools, students are taught a distorted and exceptional version of American history in which all acts carried out by the government have been honorable and in humankind’s best interest. As the Free Thought Project has pointed out in the past, this is dangerous — and, it couldn’t be further from the truth.

Children are taught not to question the status quo; anyone who does so is labeled as a troublemaker. After 9/11, state-sponsored advertising campaigns began to encourage citizens to “say something” if they “see something.”

Advertisment

In fictional dystopias and in non-fictional dystopias like Nazi Germany, the state relies on its subservient and obedient informant citizens to police their own. This distrust among neighbors promotes group think and makes those who may have rebellious tendencies stand out.

This years-long campaign of encouraging citizens to rat on each other has created a paranoid society of drones who will turn in their own neighbors who ‘look suspicious’ to do their civic duty.

The “see something, say something” conditioning comes in multiple forms — from signs, to commercials, to repetitive recordings played ad nauseam inside train stations and airports. Chris Hedges sums up this society quite well:

What is especially disturbing about this constant call to become a citizen informant is that it directs our eyes away from what we should see—the death of our democracy, the growing presence and omnipotence of the police state, and the evisceration, in the name of our security, of our most basic civil liberties.

Nothing highlights the effects of such a paranoid police state quite like a recent story out of Boston, Mass. in which a 6-year-old child ratted out his own father for running a red light.

After watching his dad turn right on red, Robbie Richardson began to chastise his father for breaking the law. When the pair finally returned home, the little boy called 9-1-1 and reported his father to the police.

The 9-1-1 recording was recently released, and on it, Robbie told Massachusetts police: “My daddy went past a red light, he has a black truck, and he was in the brand new car, my mommy’s car.”

He went on to tell the dispatcher that his father “had to go to the car wash and then he went past the red light.”

Robbie spoke to Inside Edition Thursday, saying: “I told the police guy to give my daddy a ticket.”

Luckily, for his father, police weren’t dispatched out to his house to issue a citation or arrest him. However, the sheer ominous nature of a boy calling the police on his own father is chilling. Not to mention that, after this story broke, the boy went on record noting that he still disagrees with his father and still thinks he should be ticketed.

It should come as no surprise that little Robbie Richardson wants to be a police officer when he grows up. However, as we’ve pointed out numerous times in the past — even cops won’t rat on their own family members.

Sadly, every news outlet that reported on this story failed to address the implications of children turning in their parents, and the story was presented in a humorous light. It is no laughing matter.

A similar but much more grave scenario presented itself in 2014 in Barnesville, Minn. when a 9-year-old girl walked into a police station and turned her parents in for growing marijuana.

The local police praised the pint-sized snitch, who likely learned that the incredibly beneficial cannabis plant ‘was the devil’ during the 1,000 plus hours a year she spent in public school.

“She was a very brave, very smart, very articulate little girl,” officer Ryan Beattie said. “It was almost like interviewing an adult. She appeared to have intelligence far above a normal little girl … [and] she gave some pretty specific information about things, like types of drug paraphernalia, that no young person ought to have knowledge about.”

Freedom is but one generation away from extinction. Through incrementalism and societal norms designed to make slavery appealing, the very idea of liberty becomes diluted to the point of meaninglessness. Freedom is not something that is perpetual — it must be practiced and protected — and, to preserve it, our children must do the same.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104540,"Oklahoma City, OK — Another homicide of a mentally-ill civilian has taken place again at the hands of law enforcement. And while most police officers enjoy special protections under the law, called “qualified immunity from prosecution,” this time, an Oklahoma City police officer has been charged with second-degree murder.

Police were called November 15th, to the 1400 Block of SW 20, to assist a suicidal man, 29-year-old Dustin Pigeon. Upon arrival, OKC officers along with officer Sgt. Keith Patrick Sweeney encountered Pigeon in his yard. The disturbed young man had doused himself with lighter fluid, yet was compliant with some of the commands the officers were giving him, just not the one to put the lighter fluid down. After being told to “put it down,” Pigeon said:

Back up, hey back up, I’ve got my hands up. My hands are up, my hands are up.

Body cameras caught the killing on tape. Pigeon was backing up, facing the officers as they approached. “I will fucking shoot you,” someone yells. And shoot they did. The first officer (unnamed) used a less-than-lethal beanbag, in a humane attempt to get Pigeon to drop the lighter fluid. The second volley of bullets came from Sweeney’s gun, who remarked after the shooting:

Advertisment

Is that a knife in his hand?

The question seemed to befuddle his colleague, the other officer, who simply said,

It’s lighter fluid.

Pigeon was killed instantly. Sweeney then commented he had no idea the first shot he heard was a bean bag round. The sergeant’s justification for shooting Pigeon was not enough to keep his superiors from charging him with second-degree murder.

The subsequent investigation into the shooting concluded Pigeon was no threat to anyone other than himself and the shooting was unjustified. Oklahoma County District Attorney David Prater then filed murder charges against the officer who is being held without bail in the county jail. Prater addressed the case against Sweeney.

Pigeon would not drop the lighter…But was substantially compliant with the officers’ orders. At one point, Mr. Pigeon dropped his hands to waist level…Sweeney should not have been yelling orders…They’re talking to him, trying to get him to drop it.

It’s one small victory for a killer cop to even be indicted, it will be an entirely different story for Oklahomans to convict Sweeney for 2nd Degree Murder. As in the case of Philando Castile, even with damning evidence, few juries have the courage to convict a police officer. Officer Jeronimo Yanez was found not guilty by a jury of his peers, even though dash camera footage and the other eyewitness at the scene testified he killed Castile in cold blood.

It was not the first time Sweeney was involved in an officer-involved shooting of a man with disabilities. Prater is reportedly reviewing the facts, according to the medical examiner’s report, in the case of the shooting of a deaf man, although no details of the case were readily available for the press. For now, Sweeney is saying he “feared for his life” because he believed Pigeon had a knife. Prater apparently does not believe Sweeney’s defense but would only say:

It will be a jury’s decision and duty to determine exactly the truth and voracity of that statement.

Trigger-happy police officers, such as Sweeney appears to be, need to understand they can no longer depend on the statement, “I feared for my life,” as reasonable cause to take another human’s life, especially those with special needs, mental illness included. No longer will district attorneys give police officers a free pass when it comes to officer-involved shootings. We applaud the bravery of DA Prater and hope other district attorneys will follow his lead and get these killer cops off the streets.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88159,"Former District Heights police officer Johnnie Riley was recently found guilty of shooting a handcuffed suspect, and now he’s had his bond revoked after attacking prosecutors during a sentencing hearing.

According to the state’s attorney’s office, several officers were needed to subdue Riley after the attack.

Riley’s attorney said that the outburst was provoked by comments that were made by the prosecutors about how they were going to hold him to a higher standard because of his position as an officer.

Advertisment

His sentencing has now been postponed until October 15th.

Riley was charged with attempted murder after shooting 26-year-old Kalvin Kyle in 2012, Paralyzing him from the chest down. Kyle was shot as he was handcuffed and running away from Riley.

“The police officer had removed his shoes and handcuffed him and searched him, so he didn’t have a weapon. All the officer had to do to stop him was to grab him,” Christopher Griffith, Kyle’s lawyer said.

At a prior hearing, Riley defended himself, saying that it “slipped his mind” that Mr. Kyle was wearing handcuffs.

Riley has a history of police brutality accusations, in 2010 he was accused of pepper spraying a woman at a traffic stop.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104366,"Richland Township, PA — In the famous Supreme Court case of Texas v. Johnson in 1989, a five-justice majority ruled that desecrating the American flag was protected speech under the First Amendment to the US Constitution.

Despite this ruling, Americans from sea to shining sea continue to call for the arrest, or even death, of those who’d dare express their opinion through the use of the Old Glory.

The very essence of freedom is tolerating peaceful forms of expression, no matter how uncomfortable they make us feel. Sadly missing the point, however, are folks who fail to understand that burning or desecrating a flag without fear of punishment from one’s government, is what liberty is all about.

That being said, when police are called in to investigate a photo of a high school student standing on a flag, as if a crime has taken place, liberty for all is under attack.

When a photo was posted to social media this week, of a high school student standing on a flag while another student stuck out her middle finger, a firestorm of controversy blew up. Immediately, the school issued a statement decrying the photo.

Advertisment

A statement on behalf of the Richland School District’s solicitor was posted on Facebook, as well as the district’s website, promising a “timely and thorough” review, reported CBS Pittsburgh.

“The Richland School District has become aware of this unfortunate and unpatriotic picture posted by some of its students,” the statement read. “This type of picture does not represent the opinion of the District or of its overall student population.”

While this act may be offensive to some and possibly against school policy, it is by no means a legal matter. However, it has become one, and police are now involved.

According to WTSP, the Richland Township Police Department also released a statement in regards to the incident, according to CBS Pittsburgh. They are aware of the “disrespectful” photo and are currently investigating.

“We have been in contact with the Richland School District and will work with them in resolving this issue, the police statement read. “Thank you to everyone who took time to notify us of this situation.”

In the Land of the Free, people are calling the police to report a child standing on a flag!

From the Superintendent of Schools on behalf of the Richland School District Solicitor:The Richland School District… Posted by Richland School District on Sunday, February 14, 2016

When armed agents of the state are called in to “investigate” an act of free speech, because they found it “disrespectful,” something in this Land of the Free has gone horribly wrong.

On Wednesday, the students returned to school for the first time since the photo caused patriotic heads to explode. Instead of standing up for free speech, the students in the photo were forced to apologize, and they and their families were chastised by the rest of the school.

Police were out in full force as well, vaguely hinting that a photo of a student stepping on a flag is somehow a security threat.

According to the Tribune-Democrat, Richland Township Police were parked or on foot on all sides of the school as buses arrived around 7:20 a.m.

Other officers circled the campus and its parking lots.

“Everyone made it to school OK,” Richland Police Chief Michael Burgan said. “It was a quiet morning. But it was better to be safe than sorry.”

The students in the photo now know what happens to those who challenge the status quo — they are cast out, rejected and singled out for their personal expression. Get in line

When a society becomes more concerned with a piece of cloth than the freedom it is meant to represent, it’s time to wake up.

As a former member of the USMC, I am unoffended when I see flag set ablaze or stepped on — because I see it as an act of expression by a group who feels oppressed. Those who feel oppressed must never be silenced.

Throughout history, the ‘patriotic’ majority has been responsible for most of the atrocities committed against our fellow humans. Only because of a handful of irate freedom loving individuals, unafraid to challenge the status quo, do we have any semblance of liberty in America today.

A true patriot is never a member of the majority who calls for their opposition to be silenced with state force because their views are ‘offensive.’ No, a true patriot is the one who refuses to be intimidated in the face of this violently obstinate collective.

In the beginning of a change, the patriot is a scarce man, and brave, and hated and scorned. When his cause succeeds, the timid join him, for then it costs nothing to be a patriot. -Mark Twain

Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world.

Follow @MattAgorist",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
66158,"Several Miami police officers are now under investigation after they were caught on camera using their emergency lights on a trip to a local bakery. Many have already began to speculate as to how many officers ordered donuts for breakfast.

A witness spotted five different police cars from multiple departments traveling down Interstate 95 with their emergency lights on, even blocking traffic at some intersections once they got off the highway so all of the officers could stay together.

The witness took video footage on their cell phone camera, and much to their surprise, the officers all turned off their lights and pulled into a local bakery where they all ate breakfast before returning to their cars.

Advertisment

“It was poor judgment on their behalf. They understand and their supervisors will be taking action,” Miami-Dade police Maj. Nancy Perez told Local 10 News.

“They weren’t speeding. They weren’t using sirens. They didn’t pass in the emergency lane. They only had their overhead lights on, which should only be utilized for emergency purposes,” Perez added.

According to Perez, the officers were on their way to a training session and “wanted to stay together”, but she admitted that this was still no excuse for them to use their emergency lights.

Police officers are notorious for using their emergency lights for their own purposes. Even when they are caught, they are usually able to get away with any old excuse, because it is assumed that they are always on some sort of important business. Perez said that the officers are currently under investigation, but it is likely that this will be swept under the rug before the they receive any disciplinary action.

video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38942,"Royal Oak, MI — A disturbing video was uploaded to Facebook Friday that highlights a terrible trend of using police violence to deal with autistic children.

The video shows multiple police officers holding down Kevin, a terrified 13-year-old autistic boy, who is screaming for help.

According his mother, Kevin was non-violent and in his own room without other students. EMS was called in order to treat the boy’s refusal to get up from his desk as a medical situation. However, police showed up and did what they do best.

“After quite a bit of time, because the situation had escalated to the point that it had, and the refusal of staff to leave the room so that I could calm Kevin down myself, and their continual interjections that he had to leave, it became apparent to me that I was not going to be able to remove Kevin myself, nor would he just walk out, and I asked that EMS be called in the hopes that it would be handled more from a medical standpoint. The first to arrive were two young men from the Fire Department who were very nice, and likely could have succeeded in getting Kevin to agree to leave if staff would have removed themselves from the room and/or at least stopped stating that Kevin had to leave. Shortly after that the police came in and that was it. A scared, angry, frustrated, panic-stricken, yet seemingly in control very big for his age 13 year old child turned into a caged animal and was treated to some extent by one or two of the officers as such. The big guy smashing his head into the carpet was not my favorite, but of course other than videoing and watching and interjecting verbally for them to ease up and listen to my child was all I could do.”

Below is the graphic video of how police, who lack the training to deal with special needs children, react to a situation which could have otherwise been solved non-violently.

Advertisment

Sadly this is not an isolated incident. Just last month we brought you the story of 10-year-old Ryan whose autism got him cuffed and thrown on the back of a hot police car.

This tendency to rely on police violence to solve problems is worrisome to say the least. With the rising number of autistic children, and the lack of training police undergo to deal with these children, we could be dealing with a ticking time bomb.

Police used to be trained to deal with people and their respective special needs, now it seems as if their main concern is sporting their new MRAPs.

The training is out there and it is shown to be effective; it’s just that police aren’t doing it.

In a two-part study, researchers looked at use of the crisis intervention team, or CIT, model, a 40-hour program to train police to respond to those with mental health issues. They interviewed 586 officers, 251 of whom had received CIT training, and reviewed more than 1,000 police encounters with individuals believed to have behavioral disorders.

Officers who participated in CIT training were more knowledgeable about mental health issues, treatments and de-escalation skills, according to findings published in the April issue of the journal Psychiatric Services.

What’s more, when looking at emergency responses, incidents involving officers with CIT training were more likely to result in transport to mental health services and less likely to culminate in arrest. Researchers found that officers who had participated in training were also much more likely to indicate that the highest level of force used in their emergency response was verbal engagement or negotiation.

With the increased prevalence in Autism and police aggression in general, something must be done before anymore innocent children or adults suffer.

Original Facebook Post.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88582,"RT.com

To protect Russians against the “collapsing US debt pyramid”, a Russian legislator has filed a draft bill to ban circulation of the currency in Russia.

Once a Moscow mayoral hopeful, Mikhail Degtyarev, 32, likens the US dollar to a worldwide ponzi scheme which he says is scheduled to end in 2017.

“If US national debt continues to grow at its current rate, the dollar system will collapse in 2017,” the submitted draft legislation says.

“In light of this, the fact that confidence in the US dollar is growing among Russian citizens is extremely dangerous,” Degtyarev wrote in his explanatory note attached to the bill.

The bill would impose a ban on dollars within a year of its passage, and any private citizen holding accounts in dollars would either need to spend the money or convert it to another currency. There is no proposed ban on the euro, British pound, yen, or yuan.

Advertisment

If one doesn’t exchange or transfer dollars within a year, the dollars will be seized by officials, and reimbursed in rubles within 30 calendar days.

Under the proposed legislation, Russians would still be able to use dollars abroad and have foreign bank accounts, as well as buy goods on the Internet in dollars.

The Russian government, Central Bank, Foreign Ministry, Federal Treasury, Federal Security Service, and other state branches would be exempt from the law.

To protect Russian nationals, Degtyarev proposes to end dollar transactions and deposits at Russian banks, which would give rise to the ruble, and end dependence on the world’s dominant currency.

Part of the bill aims to restore the prestige of the ruble, which has weakened as the Russian economy battles inflation and slow growth.

Raising the prestige of the ruble by nixing foreign currency isn’t a novel idea- it was practiced during the Soviet Union when holding foreign currencies was illegal. A similar ‘anti-dollar’ proposal was filed by Duma deputies in 2003, but completely flopped.

Moscow, a developing financial center, is home to several international corporations, and many companies pay their employees in dollars, or ruble salaries pegged to the dollar.

If the bill garners enough support, it will continue onto as many as three preliminary hearings before being passed into law.

Degtyarev has made a name for himself with his outlandish proposals- from giving women extra holidays during menstruation, to his declaration Russia would lead the fight in defeating the antichrist. He serves as the head of the science and technology committee in the lower house of the Duma.

The populist Liberal Democratic Party (LDPR) is a political platform for Vladimir Zhirinovsky, who is famous for political antics and outlandish bills.

On the same day, November 13, Belarus issued a statement denying rumors they were mulling a similar currency ban, after an opposition group reported a currency circulation ban that would get rid of dollars and euros in two months.

Citing Alexander Timoshenko, a representative of the Belarus’s National Bank, Interfax reported the rumors were “absolute nonsense” for a country with an open economy.

Dollars in demand

Public demand for foreign banknotes in Russia, especially dollars, has greatly increased as the ruble continues its slow devaluation.

The Russia’s Central Bank (CBR) said they believe the ruble has stabilized, but that hasn’t curbed investors, both private and public, to not put all their rubles in one basket.

The aggregate demand for foreign currency in September 2013 increased $$9.1 billion, up 7 percent from August, according data from the the Bank’s September 2013 Review of State and Domestic Foreign Currency Market report, available on its website.

The Bank has allowed the ruble to flow more freely to accommodate foreign investment and financial markets, but this has created a tough inflation balancing act for the CBR.

Demand for dollars in September 2013 rose $$5.9 billion, up 11 percent from August. Over the last year, aggregate demand for dollars has dropped 1 percent, but has jumped 12 percent by individuals’ purchase and conversion of greenbacks.

The ruble’s daily trade range is 32.45–39.45, which the regulator increased on Tuesday. The bank buys between $$200 and $$400 million in rubles per day to counter losses. At 20:15 Moscow time, the ruble was trading 32.7643 per one US dollar.

Consumer prices rose 6.3 percent from October, year-on-year, which is within the bank’s target inflation range of 5-6 percent. Inflation fears have prevented the bank from cutting the official interest rate for the last 14 month.

Over $$13.3 billion in foreign currency flowed into (bought, acquired) authorized Russian banks in September, and nearly $$13.1 billion flowed out.

In foreign currencies, total demand for the dollar in September was 65 percent, and 34 percent for euros.

Source: RT.com",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
91088,"Ulysses, KS — An infuriating and heart-breaking video was posted to social media recently of a family’s beloved pet deer, Faline, named after the Disney Bambi character, was gunned down in front of them — for being illegal.

In Kansas, keeping wild animals as pets is illegal.

However, it wasn’t like Kim Mcgaughey and her family lived in the city and had some tiger in their apartment. No, the Mcgaugheys live on a farm and the deer wasn’t stolen from the wild and brought to their home. Instead, the family nursed Faline back to health after she showed up at their farm with a broken leg.

Only after Faline refused to leave did the family start feeding her.

After that, the deer quickly became a part of the family. She would often times go inside the home and sleep in Kim’s room.

“She would get on the bed and stand like she owned the place,” said Taryn Mcgaughey, a fashion, fitness and glamour model.

Advertisment

“But she had free rein to do whatever the heck she wanted.

“There was no way you could keep her in an enclosure.”

According to NBC Los Angeles, authorities got wind of the ‘illegal’ deer after Mcgaughey asked on Facebook whether anyone had seen the deer when it disappeared for several days. She was issued a ticket for “unlawful possession of wildlife without a permit,” said Mark Rankin, law enforcement assistant director for the Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and Tourism.

However, only minutes after giving her a ticket, law enforcement officers killed Faline.

“I couldn’t believe it,” said Kim’s daughter Taryn, speaking to The Independent.

“All of our people have a real heart for wildlife,” Rankin said after his officers killed Faline. “I can’t imagine any of our employees enjoying something like this.”

However, it appears that they may have enjoyed it, according to the family.

“One shot to the head would have been enough but then he shot her in the leg and four times in the back.

“He treated her like target practice,” explained Mcgaughey.

“My son broke down to his knees when he found out she was dead,” she said of her 8-year-old boy who’d grown attached to their pet deer.

“My mum, it’s real hard for her to talk about. It was like Faline was part of the family, it’s just hard,” her son said.

According to Taryn Mcgaughey, the officers wrongly killed Faline, as owners were supposed to be given 30 days to contest a penalty notice over an unlicensed pet and a further 10 days to get a license, reports the Independent.

The video below is graphic and hard to watch. Faline, who’s been around people for most of her life appears to know that the armed men at her home are there to harm her, so she tries to avoid them.

Eventually, however, they catch up to her and kill her — as the family cries in horror.

This instance is similar to the situation that unfolded in Clackamas County, OR, when police officers killed a family’s miniature pony.

When the Fitzgerald family discovered that their pony was missing last month, they began frantically searching. When they found the pony, however, she had died from a gunshot wound to the head.

The police initially claimed that the family’s 30-year-old American Miniature Horse was hit by a car, so the deputy was kind and put it out of its misery with his police issued shotgun.

However, according to the family and their veterinarian, the horse was in good health when it was killed, and had no broken bones in the autopsy. As the Free Thought Project reported in 2015, the sheriff’s department killed their pony for no reason and then covered it up.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103151,"The “Russiagate” hysteria is set to reach a new height on Thursday, when former FBI Director James Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee as part of their investigation into connections between Russia and the Trump 2016 campaign.

While Comey’s name has dominated mainstream media headlines, his actual statements have forced one major outlet to admit that its trusted “anonymous” sources had the wrong information.

On Wednesday morning, CNN reported on Twitter that in his testimony, “Comey will dispute President Trump’s blanket claim that he was told he wasn’t under investigation.”

In testimony, Comey will dispute President Trump’s blanket claim that he was told he wasn’t under investigation https://t.co/MlUtMftebc pic.twitter.com/dbtmcsDvtR — CNN (@CNN) June 7, 2017

Advertisment

However, CNN’s own claim appeared to be disputed by Comey, himself. Comey released a statement detailing the prepared remarks for his opening statement on Wednesday. In it, Comey said he told President Trump on three separate occasions that he was not the subject of a counterintelligence investigation.

“I discussed with the FBI’s leadership team whether I should be prepared to assure President-Elect Trump that we were not investigating him personally. That was true; we did not have an open counter-intelligence case on him. We agreed I should do so if circumstances warranted. During our one-on-one meeting at Trump Tower, based on President-Elect Trump’s reaction to the briefing and without him directly asking the question, I offered that assurance.”

Following the release of Comey’s prepared testimony, CNN changed course. The title on its story about Comey’s hearing was changed to “Comey unlikely to judge on obstruction.”

The same anonymous sources who before told CNN that Comey was sure to dispute Trump’s claim that he was under investigation, now apparently said, “Comey is not likely to offer his conclusion about whether the President obstructed justice regarding the agency’s Russia investigation.”

Following the changes, CNN did preface the updated version of their story with a “correction,” which acknowledged that Comey did assure Trump multiple times that he was not under investigation, and Comey does not appear to have plans to say otherwise.

“CORRECTION AND UPDATE: This article was published before Comey released his prepared opening statement. The article and headline have been corrected to reflect that Comey does not directly dispute that Trump was told multiple times he was not under investigation in his prepared testimony released after this story was published.”

This is not the first time CNN has landed in hot water for promoting the essence of its favorite blanket term—fake news. In fact, earlier this week, The Free Thought Project reported that CNN was caught staging a fake scene to propagandize viewers.

While there were numerous Muslim groups standing in solidarity with the victims of a recent terrorist attack in London, CNN opted to stage its own scene. Instead of finding an ongoing demonstration, the outlet worked with police to set up its own solidarity protest, which looked like it was straight from the scene of a movie.

CNN is also the same network that warned viewers in October 2016 about the dangers of reading documents published by WikiLeaks. As Anchor Chris Cuomo explained to viewers, “Remember, it’s illegal to possess these stolen documents.”

“It’s different for the media, so everything you learn about this [latest Wikileaks’ revelations] you’re learning from us,” Cuomo said.

The use of anonymous sources in journalism was once a sacred custom for the purpose of releasing vital information, while protecting the source’s identity from harm. However, CNN’s latest retraction, which was based on claims made by an alleged anonymous source, serves as a reminder that the tradition has been used and abused by the mainstream media.

When the same fire surrounding the idea that the Russian government intentionally influenced the U.S. election in 2016, was fueled by claims made by vague, anonymous sources promoted by the mainstream media, is it any wonder that those alleged sources would follow the same script?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38814,"Washington, D.C. — (RT) The White House has warned that the US is ready to use the “full range” of capabilities at its disposal and might resort to using its nuclear arsenal against North Korea if it continues to threaten Washington or its allies.

On Sunday, President Trump again called Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe by telephone to reaffirm Washington’s commitments to its allies in the region.

“President Trump reaffirmed the commitment of the United States to defending our homeland, territories, and allies using the full range of diplomatic, conventional, and nuclear capabilities at our disposal,” the White House said in a statement.

The White House specifies “nuclear capabilities,” as opposed to merely “military capabilities,” in readout of Trump’s call with Abe. pic.twitter.com/106v9IBiFD — Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) September 3, 2017 Advertisment

Both leaders have condemned North Korea’s nuclear test and called Pyongyang’s behavior “destabilizing and provocative actions.”

Trump has also “confirmed the two countries’ ironclad mutual defense commitments, and pledged to continue close cooperation,” the statement read.

..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017

In a series of tweets Sunday, Trump branded North Korea a “rogue nation and a threat.” The latest development in Pyongyang’s nuclear capabilities are “very hostile and dangerous to the United States,” the US president said.

The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017

Following the tweets, Trump held a meeting with his chief of staff, Gen. John Kelly, and Defense Secretary James Mattis at the White House to discuss an appropriate response to the North Korean hydrogen bomb test.

Mattis later warned that any attack on the United States or its allies would be met with a “massive military response.” He noted that while the US was not “looking for the total annihilation” of North Korea, it had “many options to do so.”

Trump says ‘we’ll see’ when asked whether US would attack North Korea https://t.co/pn78QsvpT3pic.twitter.com/bbmXcCdUrp — RT America (@RT_America) September 3, 2017

“Any threat to the United States or its territories, including Guam or our allies, will be met with a massive military response – a response both effective and overwhelming,” Mattis said.

Pyongyang has successfully tested a hydrogen bomb which can be mounted on an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM), the country’s state TV announced Sunday.

Just prior to conducting the six nuclear test, the North announced that it has all the indigenous technology and production capacity to carry out a super powerful Nuclear electromagnetic pulse (EMP) attack, which, if exploded at a high altitude, could paralyze electronic systems infrastructure of any country. The US considers a potential EMP attack a real threat to the nation, capable of inflicting “catastrophic” damage.

Concerned over North Korean nuclear ambition, South Korean military has conducted a live-fire drill, simulating an attack on the North’s nuclear site. The drills involved the country’s Hyunmoo ballistic missile and the F-15K fighter jets.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104440,"Hudson, FL — Road rage is a very real and very dangerous issue in America today. All too often a simple honk of the horn can end in a wreck, violence, or worse. However, when the person who rages carries a badge and a gun, they can claim legal authority to ticket, kidnap, cage, or kill you. All too often, because the aggressor is a police officer, they are never held accountable for their actions. However, in the incident below, an officer’s aggression was so egregious, that he was actually arrested for it.

A former Hernando County Sheriff’s deputy has been charged and arrested for initiating an unprovoked and violent attack on an innocent man in a disturbing case of road rage at a gas station in Hudson, Florida.

What makes this act of rage so disturbing is that the former deputy wasn’t involved in the initial act which led to the rage. He was acting as a hitman of sorts at the request of a family member.

The incident began last week when the unidentified victim raised his middle finger at a driver—something that happens constantly on nearly every road across the country. However, the driver—apparently offended at the gesture and knowing her family is protected by the thin blue line—then sicced the former deputy and his son on the man who’d dare raise his middle finger at her.

Advertisment

The deputy, identified as former Sheriff’s Lt. Peter Ciucci, who spent more than 20 years with the Hernando County Sheriff’s Office, and his son, then tracked the innocent man down at a local RaceTrack and proceeded to unleash a violent fury on him.

Ciucci and his son then cornered the man at the gas station and pulled him out of his truck. During this time, the victim attempts to call 911, but one of the thug attackers slapped the phone out of his hand.

The victim described the attack as “two vigilantes that decided to take the law into their own hands.”

Investigators say Ciucci and his son, Nicholas Ciucci, dragged the victim out of his truck, repeatedly punching him in the face, trying to knock him down, according to ABC Action News.

The report also states, “the two defendants continued to punch the victim in the back of the head multiple times while the defendant placed the victim in a choke hold. The defendant’s son sat on top of him in the parking lot, while the other strangled him from behind.”

Because someone dared raise his middle finger at his family member, this cop was seemingly prepared to take a man’s life. What’s more, this is the same person who the citizens of Hudson County entrusted to “protect” them.

According to the report, Peter Ciucci has been charged with Burglary Battery and False Imprisonment. Nicholas Ciucci has been charged with Vehicle Burglary, Simple Battery, and False Imprisonment.

The unnamed victim’s statement serves as an answer to the question of how this cop thought he could simply beat a man nearly to death and get away with it.

“I believe that this man thought he was above the law,” said the victim.

Unfortunately, road rage among police officers is not an isolated incident. As TFTP reported earlier this month, Kieran Walsh, a 59-year-old Marine veteran, and partial amputee was left stranded on the side of the road last month after a police officer road raged on him for honking his horn.

Because officer Stephen Salot claims the authority to detain people for victimless crimes, he moved to pull the person over who would dare to honk at him. “Evidently he didn’t like that,” Walsh said of the brief horn beeping.

Walsh, who had just undergone surgery to remove his foot over complications from diabetes, was then left stranded on the side of the road because officer Salot confiscated his vehicle in his fit of rage. The amputee veteran was forced to painfully hobble home, causing him severe pain and injury.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103891,"Baltimore, MD — In a comment that is sure to make waves in the department, a Baltimore cop dished out some heavy handed honesty.

Puja Patel, from the Concourse, interviewed two of the riot police officers on the scene in Baltimore Tuesday. What they had to say was quite candid and something that many of us already know. However, hearing it from the source is considerably more powerful.

Patel asked the officers “if what happened yesterday was possibly instigated by the mere presence of the police at Mondawmin Mall.”

One officer explained how they gather intel on individuals through spying on people with fake social media accounts. The reason they were at the Mondawmin Mall Monday, according to police, was in response to a meme going around on social media that called for a “purge.”

Re the high school ""purge,"" this is the IG post I've seen circulating pic.twitter.com/OzmTggq0YL — Carrie Wells (@cwellssun) April 27, 2015

Advertisment

The officer responded to the question by saying,

[The police department] follows people on social media. They have fake Twitter accounts and fake Instagram accounts, they know to watch certain trends, so they saw that and it’s heated. They are going to make sure that’s watched.

Another officer held no punches as he described why the people are angry.

I blame the department and let me tell you why. They praise rookie officers. They’ll go around making a 100 arrests a month, and they’ll praise them. These rookie officers will do anything to get an arrest because they want more praise, you know what I’m saying? This is the result of it. They arrested Gray for some bullshit. That arrest was the weakest thing I’ve seen in my life. They do things like that and then what we see happening now happens. They can say anything to anyone to lock them up because they want an arrest. I don’t think they hurt him or messed him up, that’s what I truly think, but I do think they should have called a medic.

While this cop didn’t blame his fellow officers for Gray’s death, his honesty about the ridiculous nature of police harassment confirms something that those of us in the police accountability movement know all too well.

Cops prey on the poor through the enforcement of victimless crimes to fund the system.

The reality of this situation is that #FreddieGray was a mathematical certainty. It wasn’t a matter of if it was going to happen, but when.

Cops in America have killed thousands of men, women and children over non-crimes. The people are fed up with watching their family members fall victim to trigger-happy police officers. Even this officer knows it!

Poor people in America are kept in an almost perpetual state of decline by this system. This decline continues in spite of the plethora of government programs ostensibly in place to help the poor while in reality they do far more harm than good.

Contrary to the political myth of the welfare state, poor people do pay taxes. The poor in America serve as the host to a parasitic system designed to generate revenue through the extraction of wealth.

The poorest fifth of Americans pay 16 percent of their incomes in taxes (including federal, state, and local). One in six dollars they earn goes straight to the government. For a family living at the margin, those taxes can be the difference between food on the table and hungry children.

Instead of having a choice of where to spend their own money, this potential investment revenue becomes eaten up by mandatory programs like Social Security. Add taxes to the citations for “poor people crimes” like vehicle inspection stickers, window tint, failure to have insurance, etc. and the average poor is constantly teetering on the verge of homelessness.

The cycle continues as young entrepreneurs turn to the black market created by the state’s immoral war on drugs, to support themselves and their families. They sell marijuana to feed their children or to pay their rent, and the state kidnaps, cages and kills them over the sale of this plant.

The state targets the poor and minorities as they have little recourse and no means of legally fighting back. Fathers are torn from families and thrown into corporatist prisons that constantly demand more prisoners to be filled to capacity. Children grow up in broken families as they watch their dads beaten down and hauled off to prison.

The system then leaves these young men and women growing up with struggling mothers barely able to make ends meat, and they’re left with very few options; join the military or go to prison.

The cycle feeds on itself, creating a dependency on the very paradigm that is keeping people in perpetual plight through extortion and minimal handouts.

Generation after generation has been growing up in the welfare-warfare state and it has slowly become the norm. When the people in the community get angry enough to take to the streets their misplaced aggression is taken out on the very thing that could actually free them from this cycle, local commerce.

This just anger is then obfuscated and used to create further divide as the media portrays it as animalistic and based in racist hate. Sadly this disinformation becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy and people begin to believe the lies as truth. Poverty is blamed on the rich by the state while the politicians silently vote themselves into the 1%.

The haves are angry at the have-nots for ostensibly benefitting from their own extortion while the have-nots resent the overt government-created class privilege. In the meantime, both sides refuse to acknowledge the elephant in the room causing this entire debacle, the state.

This enthusiasm for radical change simply needs to be redirected to creating, rather than destroying. There is no shortage of proposed peaceful solutions to the police state. Simply take a look through our #Solutions archive if you are looking for somewhere to start.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89524,"

Dallas, Texas – Following the recent police killings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, major protests have erupted in major cities across the United States – including Dallas, Texas.

Police are responding to reports of shots fired at a downtown Dallas protest and rally following the deadly officer-involved shootings in other cities this week, according to NBC WDF-5.

According to reports, and video, shots were fired and at least two police officers were hit. Crowds were seen running in all directions after a reported 50 or more shots rang out.

My brother in West End says he heard 50 gunshots. Someone he's with says DPD officers carried officer to ambulance. pic.twitter.com/15FOslzAKk — Allison Harris (@allisonfox4news) July 8, 2016

Advertisment

Dispatch has advised all Dallas officers to stay away from tall buildings, indicating that multiple snipers are potentially possibly suspected.

However, according to our sources on the ground, police have donned their military gear and are entering the Bank of America tower in an apparent search of the shooters.

Prior to the shooting, protests were completely peaceful.

#breaking Crowd on the run downtown Dallas. Reports of an officer shot at the protest march. pic.twitter.com/zstZnDIRlm — Doug Dunbar (@cbs11doug) July 8, 2016

Witnesses say numerous Dallas police officer have been shot and possibly killed in the attack.

Several hundred people had gathered Thursday at Belo Garden Park in Dallas, where they began their march through downtown Dallas to protest the recent police killings in Baton Rouge and a Minneapolis suburb.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88317,"Meet Miley, she was on her last leg when the good people at Hope for Paws found her living in a trash pile. She was full of mange and had many other problems when she was found but the vets were able to reconcile these problems, paid for by HopeForPaws.org

Now Miley helps other dogs who are being rescued to overcome their traumatic experiences.

Advertisment

Please share this amazing story with others and if you’d like to help out the selfless efforts of this caring group, show your support by going to their website, and giving $$5 or more if you can.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88296,"Peyton Robertson is not your typical 12 year old. Instead of Xbox or Wii, he likes science and math. His passion for invention has earned him $$25,000 along with the Top Young Scientist award for 2013.

Advertisment

The inventions that he has created are nothing short of mind-blowing coming from a child; especially the last one.

WATCH the boy demonstrate three of his creations on the Ellen TV show…",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104247,"“He walked up right about where you are and sprayed me in both my eyes and then my lip, I just started screaming. It felt like 40 chilies in my eyes, like the seed, it was really hot,” said 12-year-old Xavier

Saturday night in Denver, during an event called “The Zombie Crawl”, Denver police pepper sprayed a number of innocent people, including children, while they sprayed into a crowd attempting to break up a fight.

The Zombie Crawl is a free for all ages event that is similar to a parade, where people dress up as zombies and march along a planned route that is filled with activities and attractions.

An estimated 30,000 people participated in the event this year, and as with any crowd of that size, there are occasionally issues like fights and public disturbances. While breaking up one fight at the end of the night, police officers carelessly used their pepper spray on a crowded city street, hitting a crowd of innocent people.

Advertisment

One bystander, Lisa Lebrun was waiting for a friend in the same area where a fight broke out. Lebrun was unaware of the chaos taking place just steps away from her, and when she turned around to see what the commotion was, she was hit in the face with a burst of pepper spray

“I seen someone coming up to the side of me and I looked over and I got sprayed less than a foot away in my face directly. I didn’t know what was going on, I didn’t know why I got sprayed,” Lebrun told 7NEWS.

Nearby were two small children, 9-year-old Benaiah Bargas and his 12-year-old friend, Xavier Roybal. The children were walking with their families back to their cars when they were surprised by the same blast of peppers pray that struck Lebrun.

“He walked up right about where you are and sprayed me in both my eyes and then my lip, I just started screaming. It felt like 40 chilies in my eyes, like the seed, it was really hot,”Roybal said.

“It felt like someone made me eat the hottest chilies ever,” he added.

The police department has refused to comment on the incident, saying only that they are not aware of any complaints connected to the officer’s actions on Saturday night. It is not yet clear if the victims will be filing a lawsuit.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88579,"Portland, OR — On the surface, it would seem that Black Lives Matter and the militia groups that recently occupied a wildlife refuge in Oregon have very little in common. However, they are very much fighting the same struggle, and they have a common enemy.

The media and the political establishment would like to see these groups divided, because if they unify, they could make a strong and worthy opponent for the current control system.

The media coverage of the two anti-establishment groups has attempted to pit them against each other, using their difference in culture to hide the fact that they are facing the same oppressor. Luckily, it seems that many people within both of these groups are too smart to fall for such divisive tactics.

Advertisment

After police killed Oregon occupier Robert “LaVoy” Finicum earlier this month, there has been a push by his supporters for the department to release the name of the officer who was responsible. In response, legislators have proposed a bill that would shield the officer from having his identity released, which could have implications for other cases in the state.

According to the Washington Times, the bill would allow a judge to withhold for 90 days the identity of an officer involved in the use of deadly force in the event of a “credible threat of danger.”

Despite having some political differences with the Oregan occupiers, Black Lives Matter has made a statement strongly opposing the recent legislation, recognizing that an attack on Finicum’s supporters is an attack on them as well.

Democratic state Rep. Jeff Barker claimed that the bill was not intended to protect the police department or the “wrongdoer,” but that is exactly what the bill will accomplish.

“This bill is deadly serious. This isn’t to protect a wrongdoer. It isn’t to protect a police department that screwed up,” Barker said.

Barker also expressed his concern about “whack jobs” who were “demanding to know the name of the officer that killed LaVoy.”

Black Lives Matter Portland made a post to their Facebook page this week, urging supporters to oppose the recent legislation.

“The passing of this bill would be a major blow to police accountability in the state of Oregon. We CANNOT allow this to go unchallenged,” the post read.

There's a bill pending in the Oregon State legislature (HB 4087) which would shield police officers who kill civilians… تم نشره بواسطة ‏‎Black Lives Matter Portland‎‏ في 16 فبراير، 2016

Likewise, militia supporters also voiced strong opposition to the bill.

“So all you ‘WHACK JOBS’ who simply want to know who killed a man without provocation of any kind, you have a very short window to let your state representative know your vote resides with him or her only if they don’t sign off on this nonsense. This is unprecedented and will set a lasting standard of unaccountably if allowed to happen,” Finicum supporters posted on the Facebook page Oregon Wide Open.

There are many different types of people in this world; they come in different races, religions, cultures, and political beliefs. However, deep down, most people just want to live in peace and be free of oppression regardless of their background. Finding this common ground is essential, especially for anti-establishment groups who are fighting for their rights. One side can’t have freedom while the other side is persecuted, and the sooner that everyone realizes this, the sooner we can break the chains of our oppression.

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96031,"While Americans continue to be distracted by the discussion over Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, geopolitical tension around the proxy war in Syria has escalated to levels that could lead to regional warfare or open conflict between nuclear superpowers Russia and the United States, as described by military officials from multiple countries. US Army General Joseph Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, stated that a “no-fly zone” in Syria would lead to war with Russia, during a September 22 Senate committee hearing. Hillary Clinton also admitted similar risks of the military policy she supports for the Syria war, saying “you’re going to kill a lot of Syrians,” during a speech at a Goldman Sachs event.

The most recent attempt to stop the violence was a September 9 ceasefire negotiated by the United States and Russia. However that effort failed after US officials ended talks on October 3, claiming the Syrian military was killing civilians. The ceasefire agreement called for Russia to influence the Syrian government forces to stop fighting for control and for the US to influence rebel groups to separate from terrorist groups Al Nusra and Islamic State so they could be targeted by joint US-Russia military campaigns, a task which the US has failed to do since February 2016 despite US officials claiming to be in daily contact with rebel groups. The increased tension comes as the United States loses leverage in negotiations because of advances the Syrian government forces have made in regaining control over the country with the support of Russian military.

New information about the Syria proxy war continues show that actions by the United States have helped Al Qaeda and the Islamic State gain power in the country, with the goal of allowing the terrorists to overthrow the Syrian government. Evidence for this claim has been reported in small anecdotes by many international media outlets during the violent proxy war which has lasted almost six years, but American reporter Serena Shim dedicated her professional career to proving the United States and allies were purposely helping Al Qaeda and the Islamic State.

Serena Shim is an American citizen of Lebanese descent who was born near Detroit. Shim worked for Iranian broadcaster Press TV as a foreign correspondent covering wars, legitimate protests and fake uprisings in multiple countries. She reported live from Syria, Iraq, Turkey, and Lebanon during the conflict since 2011, including in the critical region of Daraa during the beginning of protests, which are misrepresented by American media as the reasons for the fake civil war.

Serena Shim was killed two years ago on October 19, 2014, in Turkey while reporting on the intense battle for the Syrian border city of Kobani which was the focus of international media attention. She was 29 when she died.

The city of Kobani, which has one of Turkey’s major border crossings with Syria, because it was under threat of being completely captured by the Islamic State. The US was forced to respond because Islamic State grew out of control and threatened the border stability of Turkey, and it became the first major area bombed during the US campaign in Syria.

The US and Turkey were also arguing over Washington’s plan to arm Kurdish fighters on the Syrian side of the border and how to allow Kurds from Iraq to support the effort by crossing through Turkey. On the day she was killed, the US began operations to airdrop weapons to the Kurds. Less than two days later, Islamic State fighters released a video showing the capture of an American weapons cache airdropped near the city. The video received international media attention which led the Pentagon to admit the weapons mistakenly reached ISIL terrorists.

It is claimed she was killed in a car accident with a cement truck. However, physical details about the case raise questions about the official explanation by Turkish officials. There are also conflicting stories about the timeline after her death and before the family received her body, which indicate actions by the government of Turkey and possibly the United States.

Two days before her death, Serena Shim reported on live international television that Turkish intelligence services were planning to arrest her for questioning on the suspicion her being a spy. The day after her death, US officials denied releasing any information it had about whether the US government was aware of Turkey’s plans. State Department officials told WTF News it would be December 2017 before a Freedom of Information Act request could be completed for information on what actions were taken by them to assist her as a US citizen.

Serena Shim conducted an undercover investigation in Turkey and Syria lasting multiple months during 2012 as she spoke fluent Arabic. Her report aired on Press TV beginning in December 2012. The issues listed below are topics she reported on first or experienced in person before they were reported by major media outlets. US officials continue to hide her death and not a single major media outlet in America reported on her death at the time despite the fact that she was popular in America and the Middle East.

1. Hillary Clinton’s emails prove the US State Dept and White House knew Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding Islamic State

Clinton admitted, in an email conversation from August 2014 obtained by Wikileaks, that US allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar were sending money and weapons to ISIL. August 2014 was the height of terror during Islamic State’s rise, leading to the growing international media outrage which forced President Obama to publicly announce the beginning of airstrikes against ISIL in Syria on September 23, 2014.

THE FREE THOUGHT PROJECT

“While this military/para-military operation is moving forward, we need to use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” “The Qataris and Saudis will be put in a position of balancing policy between their ongoing competition to dominate the Sunni world and the consequences of serious U.S. pressure.”

The business newspaper Financial Times reported that Prince Saud al-Faisal admitted Saudi Arabia created and funded Islamic State as a response to the US supporting Shia powers in Iraq. The FT also reported in 2013 that Qatar had already spent $$3 billion on funding the opposition.

America’s top military official General Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was asked “Do you know any major Arab ally that embraces ISIL?” by Republican Senator Lindsay Graham. “I know major Arab allies who fund them,” replied Dempsey.

Advertisment

2. The United States wanted the Islamic State to grow, as proved by leaked intelligence documents

The rapid growth of the Islamic State was not an accident, and many observers of the conflict questioned the US commitment to fighting terrorism as they ignored the group’s rise. Since the start of the armed conflict in 2011, United States officials including Hillary Clinton have publicly stated that their solution to stop the war is to replace Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other government leaders. The public policy of the United States has been to support what the US calls moderate opposition groups under the name Free Syrian Army (FSA) with the goal of having them weaken the government forces.

That strategy changed in mid-2012 as news reports confirmed these rebels were committing war crimes by killing civilians and executing soldiers. One of the largest factions Al Nusra was specifically identified as a terrorist group in December 2012. At the same time, the Islamic State (known as Al Qaeda in Iraq) was growing in Syria and had become a dominant force by 2013. The Islamic State grew in Syria for almost two years before the US announced it would take military action in September 2014. The intelligence report was dated August 2012 confirms the US government would have known about this threat for two years.

JUDICIAL WATCH

“If the situation unravels, there is the possibility of establishing a declared or undeclared Salafist Principality in eastern Syria (Hasaka and Der Zor), and this is exactly what the supporting powers to the opposition want, in order to isolate the Syrian regime, which is considered the strategic depth of the Shia expansion (Iraq and Iran).”

Syria has been fought over for two separate gas pipeline projects, a pipeline from Qatar rejected by Assad for one from Iran. The second pipeline is a Russian plan to connect with Turkey to deliver gas to Europe; the deal was finalized less than two weeks ago.

3. Over 50,000 foreign jihadists, mostly came through Turkey?

The Syrian war is called a civil war by American media. However, it is most influenced by about 50,000 foreign fighters that have entered the country to fight the war. Estimates for this number vary significantly as US officials (State Dept) claim it is at least 40,000 from 100 countries as of June 2016. However, a credible report from a Syrian group which was circulated in Arab and African newspapers claims it was over 50,000 in mid-2014.

There are no reliable estimates that separate this number into fighters for the Islamic State, Al Nusra or groups the US calls moderate opposition. Russian military sources estimated the number of foreign fighters with ISIL to be approximately 25,000. The remainder would leave at possibly more than 25,000 foreign fighters assigned to other groups.

The following two reports are both regarding the border crossing area in Hatay province of southern Turkey where Serena Shim reported from multiple times. Shim reported on the terrorists traveling to the region to sneak across the border into northwestern Syria where there were many staging area facilities to help organize fighters and transport weapons.

WASHINGTON POST – AUG 12 2014

REYHANLI, Turkey — Before their blitz into Iraq earned them the title of the Middle East’s most feared insurgency, the jihadists of the Islamic State treated this Turkish town near the Syrian border as their own personal shopping mall. And eager to aid any and all enemies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Turkey rolled out the red carpet. In dusty market stalls, among the baklava shops and kebab stands, locals talk of Islamist fighters openly stocking up on uniforms and the latest Samsung smartphones. Wounded jihadists from the Islamic State and the al-Nusra Front — an al-Qaeda offshoot also fighting the Syrian government — were treated at Turkish hospitals. Most important, the Turks winked as Reyhanli and other Turkish towns became way stations for moving foreign fighters and arms across the border. “Turkey welcomed anyone against Assad, and now they are killing, spreading their disease, and we are all paying the price,” said Tamer Apis, a politician in Reyhanli, where two massive car bombs killed 52 people last year.

A CNN report from November 2013 also highlights the scale of terrorist traffic across the Turkey-Syria border. The CNN crew observed arrival traffic from many international countries, attempting to interview men who fit the profile of a jihadist fighter, before working with a local smuggler to find the popular paths across the border to Syria.

CNN – NOV 4 2013

It’s an odd experience flying in to Hatay, southern Turkey, on the border with Syria and its nasty and seemingly infinite war these days: there is a truly international flavor to the passenger manifests. As we flew in, there were two men from Mauritania, one with a limp, accompanied by a woman from Tunisia. On another flight which we saw land, two young men with large backpacks, coming from Benghazi. On another, four Libyans, also from Benghazi. Then a young, bearded man with a noticeably thick northern British accent, there to collect a friend from Leicester — the pair absolutely don’t want to talk, especially when I offer them a CNN business card. Then come the Egyptians, and a Gulf Arab — he sounded Saudi — who frantically kissed and embraced the bemused driver there to pick him up. All these were men travelling in small groups or alone. Most refused to talk at all about why they were there, although the man from Leicester said he was doing humanitarian work, and the Benghazi pair were open about the fact that they were going to Syria. It’s not a crime to travel to southern Turkey, and there are many foreign aid groups here, so surely many people are traveling innocently. But it is extraordinary to watch this volume of international traffic from countries where al Qaeda has a confirmed and consistent presence into a NATO member state. You find yourself asking: why are these men here, and why don’t they want to talk about it?

4. Al-Qaeda controlling border crossings from the beginning of the war

A July 2012 news report by Agence France Presse shows early evidence of Al Qaeda terrorists controlling key aspects of the war while international media only reports that moderate rebel volunteers are fighting for freedom. Serena Shim was reporting undercover about this topic during the months that followed for her video exclusive aired in December 2012.

AFP

Syrian refugees housed in the Oncupinar camp on the Turkish side of the border took water and food to rebel forces, the news agency added, saying Turkish authorities had prevented people from crossing into Syria for security reasons. Rebel forces gained control of the Bab al-Hawa crossing between Syria and Turkey on Thursday, but by Saturday evening, a group of some 150 foreign fighters calling themselves as Islamists were in control of the Bab al-Hawa post, an AFP photographer said. Some of the fighters said they belonged to Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), while others claimed allegiance to a group called Shura Taliban. They were armed with Kalashnikov assault rifles, rocket launchers and improvised mines. The fighters identified themselves as coming from a number of countries: Algeria, France, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, the United Arab Emirates and the Russian republic of Chechnya. There are seven functioning border posts along the nearly 900-kilometre (560-mile) frontier.

The United States and NATO members could have exercised multiple options to control border traffic at the seven major border crossings while applying pressure to the remaining crossing routes in rural areas which are already difficult to travel on because of mountainous terrain. There was a deliberate effort not to do this because it would disrupt the massive flow of weapons and equipment supplied to jihadist fighters by the United States and allies.

5. The Moderate Free Syrian Army is a myth, and most fighters belong to Al Qaeda-like groups that commit war crimes

US officials often claim that the Free Syrian Army is made of hundreds of groups of Syrian volunteers fighting government forces to prevent civilian massacres. The reality is that the largest groups in control of Syrian opposition territory have the same Salafist philosophy as Al Qaeda and these groups receive help from the US and partners. Many analysts claim the fighters are not accountable to their group’s specific command structure. However, there is a consistent pattern in the actions of these Salafist groups.

Al Nusra, the group known as Al Qaeda in Syria, was the first in the Syrian war to be named a terrorist organization by the US in December 2012. That was after almost a year of clandestine US support as part of opposition groups. Regional news media reported a trend of war crimes committed by Al Nusra fighters, forcing the US and United Nations to declare the group terrorists.

Ahrar al-Sham and Jaysh al-Islam have been prevented by the United States from being declared terrorists at the United Nations, which has been a point of failure in Syria negotiations. As a result, both groups continued to receive protection from America by including the groups in the Syrian ceasefire. They were also the major factions mixed in with al-Nusra in Aleppo, creating the controversy over Russian and Syrian forces bombing the city.

The US defended Ahrar al-Sham after they recently massacred an unknown number of people and kidnapped over 100 from a small village in May 2016. Ahrar has committed numerous war crimes and was singled out for war crimes by Amnesty International just before the Zaara massacre. The Amnesty report condemned the group for torture, kidnapping, and rape as well as using chemical weapons on multiple occasions. It is also believed the group may have killed over a dozen Russian advisors in a car bombing at a base.

Ahrar al-Sham was known to consistently have over 20,000 fighters, despite frequent losses.

Jaysh al-Islam, the other major group considered moderate by the US has grown to 25,000 fighters by some recent estimates. Since 2012, the group has integrated over 100 smaller groups, and Jaysh now leads one of Syria’s largest remaining alliances, Fatah Halab.

In November 2012, Jaysh al-Islam used civilians as human shields by locking them in metal cages on the back of trucks. In April 2016, Jaysh al-Islam admitted to using chemical weapons in the city of Aleppo.

In September 2013, these groups formed a jihadist alliance to fight government forces with the goals of creating their own “Islamic State” based on religious foundations.

WASHINGTON POST – SEP 25 2013

American hopes of winning more influence over Syria’s fractious rebel movement faded Wednesday after 11 of the biggest armed factions repudiated the Western-backed opposition coalition and announced the formation of a new alliance dedicated to creating an Islamic state. The al-Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra, designated a terrorist organization by the United States, is the lead signatory of the new group, which will further complicate fledgling U.S. efforts to provide lethal aid to “moderate” rebels fighting to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Others include the Tawheed Brigade, the biggest Free Syrian Army unit in the northern city of Aleppo; Liwa al-Islam, the largest rebel group in the capital, Damascus; and Ahrar al-Sham, the most successful nationwide franchise of mostly Syrian Salafist fighters. Collectively, the new front, which does not yet have a formal name but has been dubbed by its members the “Islamist Alliance,” claims to represent 75 percent of the rebels fighting to topple Assad.

After less than one year of fighting, Human Rights Watch wrote a public letter in March 2012 to opposition groups asking them to stop torturing and killing civilians based on religious beliefs.

In 2014, the United Nations estimated that almost half of Syria’s pre-war population of about 22 million people had been displaced by the war, with 3 million refugees leaving for other countries and 6.5 million moving to other regions of Syria. It is widely estimated that Christians made up around 10% of the population and many of the Christian areas have been targeted by opposition groups. Christian villages and areas of larger cities like Homs and Aleppo were targeted early in the war during 2012 before any groups were declared terrorists. As many Christians left their homes and belongings, the situation caught the attention of Christian leadership across the world. US Senator Rand Paul noted that at least President Assad was protecting Christians and other minorities in September 2013.

SPIEGEL

Reserved and halting, the women described what happened to their husbands, brothers and nephews back in their hometown of Qusayr in Syria. They were killed by Syrian rebel fighters, the women said — murdered because they were Christians, people who in the eyes of radical Islamist freedom fighters have no place in the new Syria.

——

And some factions within the patchwork of disparate groups that together comprise the Free Syrian Army have radicalized at a very rapid clip in recent months. A few are even being influenced by foreign jihadists who have traveled to Syria to advise them. That, at least, is what witnesses on the ground are reporting in Qusayr, where fierce fighting has raged for months. Control of the town has passed back and forth between the two sides, at times falling into the hands of the regime and at others of the rebels. Currently, fighters with the Free Syrian Army have the upper hand, and they have also made the city of 40,000 residents a place where the country’s Christian minority no longer feels safe.

Other minorities were targeted including the Alawite sect which President Assad is from, the Yazidis, the Druze and even Armenians, which made Hollywood’s Kim Kardashian comment on the war during the height of media coverage.

In July 2016, a video emerged that shows al-Zenki fighters recording themselves beheading a Palestinian boy they claim had been fighting for the Syrian government in Aleppo with the Palestinian-Syrian brigade Liwa al-Quds.

6. FSA Weapons were given/taken by ISIS, Nusra, Al Qaeda

Weapons and equipment provided by the US have been transferred or stolen by terrorists on multiple occasions, and US officials have been questioned about it by Congress and media. The US has been providing nonlethal aid since 2012 with the knowledge that it was likely to be stolen or just used by fighters that defect to terrorist brigades. After the December 2012 terrorist designation of Al Nusra, many groups began to form new alliances because they did not trust the US.

The Obama administration still attempted to claim they were organizing moderate rebels to assist during 2013, but dozens of FSA rebel brigades joined Al Qaeda-linked Ahrar al-Sham as it grew.

One of the most shocking twists in the war happened in December 2013 when Ahrar al-Sham and other groups under the Islamic Front raided an operations center for the US-backed opposition near the Turkish border. Warehouses storing weapons, vehicles, radios, laptops, and other advanced military equipment were raided by the groups, and the battle forced the leader of the opposition to flee the country. US officials announced they were suspending aid delivery until the loyal opposition members could be determined.

The Wall Street Journal reported that the terrorist groups in the Islamic Front numbered about 50,000 fighters, including 20,000 from Ahrar al-Sham and 5 other major FSA brigades that defected. The report claimed the Free Syrian Army was estimated to have only 40,000 fighters, down from estimates of 70,000 to 150,000 fighters.

The operations center is about 5 miles from the important Bab-el-Hawa border crossing in northwest Syria, providing direct access to the strategic city of Aleppo only 30 miles away. Fighters could also reach the area easily from the Hatay airport listed in number 3. Serena Shim reported that terrorists were in complete control of this crossing during multiple reports.

In November 2014, rebels who had received direct US assistance were quickly defeated by Al Nusra during an offensive through the northern province of Idlib. Hundreds of fighters trained by the U.S. fled the area or defected to al-Nusra.

WASHINGTON POST

Among the groups whose bases were overrun in the assault was Harakat Hazm, the biggest recipient of U.S. assistance offered under a small-scale, covert CIA program launched this year, including the first deliveries of U.S.-made TOW antitank missiles. The group’s headquarters outside the village of Khan Subbul was seized by Jabhat al-Nusra overnight Saturday, after rebel fighters there surrendered their weapons and fled without a fight, according to residents in the area. Harakat Hazm, whose name means “Steadfastness Movement,” had also received small arms and ammunition alongside non-lethal aid in the form of vehicles, food and uniforms from the United States and its European and Persian Gulf Arab allies grouped as the Friends of Syria alliance. Scores of its fighters had received U.S. training in Qatar under the covert program, but it was also not possible to confirm whether any of those fighters had defected to the al-Qaeda affiliate.

US-backed rebels ignored their orders after training and defected to al-Nusra with their equipment again in September 2015.

7. Free Syrian Army works with Al Nusra, Islamic State

There have been many confusing and temporary alliances based on the groups that control each region, and most are formed with some combination of opposition groups working with Al Nusra or ISIL.

As the Islamic State gained control during 2013 and 2014, ISIL displaced many rebel groups, forcing changes and shaping new relationships.

The Islamic State was originally called Al Qaeda in Iraq, and it is believed that the leadership sent jihadis into Syria to form Al Nusra in 2012. The United States and allies like Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey were supporting Nusra as part of the whole Syrian opposition before Nusra’s terrorist designation in December 2012. After this, many fighters defected to more extremist brigades and brigades formed new alliances. The most immediate reaction came just three weeks after the shift as Ahrar al-Sham announced a new alliance with ten other groups once considered part of the FSA. During 2013, more consolidation occurred mainly around Ahrar al-Sham with smaller Free Syrian Army groups joining new alliances. Ahrar led the new the Islamic Front, and over 60 other groups forming Jaysh al-Islam.

Fighting continued between Islamic State, Al Nusra, and the other Al Qaeda groups during 2014 after the US-backed rebels were raided in December 2013. There were many alliances, despite the fighting, after ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi recorded an audio message in January 2014 asking rebel groups to stop fighting each other or Al Nusra. The groups seemed to reach an agreement between leaders in May 2014 as Al-Nusra agreed to an ISIL proposal saying it would stop fighting ISIL if the group ended its attacks.

The Guardian reported in November 2014 that US airstrikes caused thousands of fighters from multiple brigades of the Free Syrian Army to form alliances with ISIL in self-defense.

8. Weapons via Turkey

Weapons have crossed the border into Syria numerous different ways, in some cases facilitated by Turkey’s MIT intelligence service or other Western agencies. The most known incident happened in January 2014 when Turkish police discovered weapons being transported by MIT agents in an attempt to smuggle them into Syria. Military officers were threatened with arrest for treason over the incident and the newspaper editors who released the video were arrested causing national outrage. Former daily Cumhuriyet editor-in-chief Can Dündar, and his colleague Erdem Gul were sentenced to 5 years in prison. Dündar is currently in Germany with and will not return to Turkey until the state of emergency is ended.

RUSSIA TODAY

The video published on the Cumhuriyet news website on Friday showed Turkish gendarmerie and police officers finding weapons due for dispatch to Syria on trucks belonging to the National Intelligence Organization (MIT). The Cumhuriyet report said the footage was dated January 19, 2014, and described the arms in the trucks as weapons and ammunition. The Turkish president said the arms shown in the footage were transported to Turkmens in Syria. He added the numbers of weapons were provided to Cumhuriyet by a “parallel state” – political enemies determined to discredit his government.

—–

Reuters also investigated the incident and showed testimony from the gendarmerie and officers. The latter claimed they discovered rocket parts, ammunition, and semi-finished mortar shells that were being transported in trucks accompanied by the country’s state intelligence agency (MIT) to parts of Syria under Islamist control. At the time of the incident, the Syrian side of the border in Hatay province, neighboring Adana province, was controlled by Ahrar al-Sham, an Islamist group. The prosecutors said the trucks were searched in several raids by police and the gendarmerie – one in November 2013 and three others in January 2014 – on the orders of prosecutors acting on tip-offs that they were carrying weapons.

In October 2014, US Vice President Joe Biden told a crowd at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government that ISIS was strengthened by actions taken by Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and Arab allies who were against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Biden also said Turkey, the UAE, and other Arab countries were supplying weapons to al-Qaeda groups in Syria, including the Al Nusra front.

WND – OCT 10 2014

“They poured hundreds of millions of dollars and thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad,” Biden told students. “Except that the people who were being supplied were al-Nusra and al-Qaida and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world. “We could not convince our colleagues to stop supplying them,” Biden said. Regarding Turkey’s alleged role, Biden said, “President Erdogan told me, he’s an old friend, said, ‘You were right. We let too many people (including foreign fighters) through.’ Now they are trying to seal their border.”

In another confirmed conspiracy fact, Syrian opposition groups were receiving weapons through Turkey’s ports directly from Libya after the fall of Gaddafi, which may also be a factor in the death of US Ambassador Chris Stevens in September 2012.

NEW YORK TIMES – JUNE 22 2013

“They collect the weapons, and when they have enough they send it,” he said. “The Libyan government is not involved, but it does not really matter.” One former senior Obama administration familiar with the transfers said the Qatari government built relationships with Libyan militias in 2011, when, according to the report of a United Nations Panel of Experts, it shipped in weapons to rebel forces there in violation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973. As a result, the Qataris can draw on their influence with Libya’s militias to support their current beneficiaries in Syria. “It’s not that complicated,” the former official said. “We’re watching it. The Libyans have an amazing amount of stuff.” Syrian activists and Western officials say that like the unregistered arms transfers organized by other Arab states, the shipments from Libya have been very large but have not kept up with the enormous rebel ammunition expenditures each day.

9. Turkey helped Islamic State and Al Qaeda terrorists safe travel across border, transportation, intelligence, and other logistics

Turkey has intentionally helped both ISIS and Al Qaeda groups use the border with Syria to transport everything needed to fight the war from weapons to reinforcements. The United States and Turkey also ignored the well-known oil trade which functioned almost entirely through Turkey and was linked directly to the brother of Turkey’s President Erdogan.

Most of the support has been the active behavior to allow jihadists to enter Syria as easy as possible, especially through the famous ‘Gateway to Jihad’ near the Reyhanli border crossing where US-backed opposition groups have also been headquartered. Fighters can cross without fear of border guards from Reyhanli through Bab-al-Hawa and choose which direction to travel in Syria based on the groups they are with.

The most direct evidence of Turkey aiding Islamic State in battle came just one week after the death of Serena Shim in October 2014. ISIL fighters were recorded on video talking in friendly conversation with Turkish soldiers across the border, near the battle of Kobane where Shim was reporting. The video caused international outrage about Turkey not fighting Islamic State while the United States allowed it to continue.

DAILY MAIL – OCT 28 2014

A remarkable video has emerged purporting to show Islamic State militants chatting casually with a group of Turkish border guards near the besieged Syrian city of Kobane. The amateur footage, understood to have been filmed close to Zarova Hill in the outskirts of Kobane, raises serious questions about the apparently relaxed relationship between the terror group and officials from the Nato member state. It appears to show two heavily armed militants wandering nonchalantly up to the Turkish border fence – displaying shocking bravado as they smile and wave at the camera. They are met by what appears to be a military vehicle full of security officials who, despite carrying weapons themselves, do little more than break into conversation with the jihadis, who eventually wander off back into Syria while shouting ‘Allahu Akbar’.

—–

The clip begins with the two apparent jihadists lighting fires near a group of cars, which are believed to have been abandoned by desperate Kurdish families who fled Kobane in recent weeks when ISIS militants stepped up their attacks on the city. After appearing to realise they are being filmed from inside Turkey, the pair start walking towards the border fence, stopping only to mockingly wave at the amateur filmmaker. As they reach the border fence, an armoured military vehicle belonging to Turkish border guards speeds up to meet them. Heavily armed officials jump out the back of the car and – after briefly talking on their radios, simply engage the men in conversation. At one point the situation appears tense and a border guard scampers towards the militants with his gun briefly raised, but he stops seconds later and also begins talking to the men. After several minutes chatting, the militants wander off, defiantly raising their index finger to the sky to represent jihadism while chanting ‘Allahu Akbar’ – a phrase that translates as ‘God is the greatest’.

There has been continuous objection from opposition party representatives in Turkey as documented by Columbia University professor David Phillips

HUFFINGTON POST Kemal Kiliçdaroglu warned the AKP government not to provide money and training to terror groups on October 14, 2014. He said, “It isn’t right for armed groups to be trained on Turkish soil. You bring foreign fighters to Turkey, put money in their pockets, guns in their hands, and you ask them to kill Muslims in Syria. We told them to stop helping ISIS. Ahmet Davutoglu asked us to show proof. Everyone knows that they’re helping ISIS.” (See HERE and HERE.)

Officials revealed stunning developments from 2014 happening in the critical Hatay region where Al Nusra was housed directly using government resources.

HURRIYET – JUNE 13 2014

Meanwhile, CHP Istanbul deputy İhsan Özkes claimed militants of the al-Qaeda splinter group the al-Nusra Front were allowed to stay at the guesthouses of Turkey’s Religious Affairs Directorate (Diyanet) under the monitoring of the National Intelligence Organization (MİT) in the southern province of Hatay. Özkes, a former mufti, also claimed the order to host the militants was given by former Interior Minister Muammer Güler in a circular sent to the Hatay Governor’s Office, which openly demanded assistance to al-Nusra fighters. The allegedly official document shown by Özkes reveals that al-Nusra fighters were brought by the National Intelligence Organization (MİT) in order to fight against the outlawed Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) affiliated Democratic Union Party (PYD) in northern Syria. “It is important to provide the necessary support for the intelligence officers on the issue of assisting the fighters of al-Nusra, including Tunisians and Chechens, who have been brought [here] under the supervision of the MİT to fight against the PKK-affiliated PYD, crossing the borders to Syria and complying with the confidentiality of the matter,” the document reads. “The province of Hatay has strategic importance in the crossing of fighters from our country’s borders to Syria. The logistics supply to Islamic groups, their training and the treatment of the injured will mostly be carried out from there. The MİT and other relevant authorities have been tasked on the issue,” it also said. Özkes also accused the government of sending charity money collected by Diaynet to the Islamist fighters. “Have those who fought been sheltered in the Quran classes and dormitories belonging to Diyanet? Is there an Interior Ministry circular that was sent to Diyanet on the issue?” he asked.

A captured ISIL fighter discussed in detail the training he received in a Turkish border town where he spent one month with 60 other fighters on weapons training and then received transport into Syria. The interview in December 2015 confirmed details about daily operations for ISIL in Turkey.

RUSSIA TODAY Besides helping to train recruits, the IS prisoner says he was deployed in Syria for brief periods. He was eventually captured in the village of Tal Afer on November 1. The prisoner also revealed that IS is now receiving ammunition in trucks disguised as non-military cargo. He said that such low-level fighters as him have no idea where the arms come from. “Weapons were brought to us in civilian cars, not in military ones because fighter jets might have bombed them. ISIL is now mostly using civilian vehicles. I’ve heard they put vegetables on top of boxes with ammunition, so that war planes do not spot them.”

10. Medical care for terrorists in Turkey, Israel

Syria shares a border with only two countries that are friendly to the opposition terrorists, Turkey and Israel, and both have helped the Islamic State and Al Qaeda fighters with medical treatment. Turkey became known for allowing fighters to use their hospitals even among Western groups like the Carnegie Endowment and the Washington Post. Medical facilities in Turkey have treated an unknown number of jihadist fighters in multiple places along the border. In one border town of Antakya, ambulances would pick up wounded left at the border and treat them for free, as reported by Germany’s Spiegel in August 2012.

The hospital in Gaziantep that Serena Shim was taken to is known to treat Islamic State fighters, and the facility is supervised by the daughter of Turkish President Erdogan.

IB TIMES

Here on the outskirts of Reyhanli, a few kilometres from Syria, is one of several Turkish medical care points for fighters scattered along the long porous border between the two countries. From outside it looks like a garage rather than a clinic. A guard patrols the roof of the building and young, bearded men on crutches mill around, lowering their voices as we pass. The guys are fully recovered and ready to go back to Syria. Inside, the walls are rough and unpainted and water leaks from the ceiling, but the clinic is clean and functional. Opened in 2013 by Fahar el-Hassan, a popular anti-Assad YouTube figure, the clinic hosts just over 35 men aged between 15 and 40: “It is a place where patients can receive further cures once they are released from Turkish hospitals, but mainly find a bed and time to rest,” Hassan said. The fighters come from Idlib, Aleppo, Hama and the surrounding villages in rebel-held Syria. Most are linked to various militias fighting against the regime of Bashar al-Assad, including Ahrar al-Sham. Turkey does not officially allow the setting up of ‘field hospitals’ on its territory and so the clinics are known as ‘medical care points’ – but the difference is only one of semantics.

As part of the growing concern in the United Kingdom about the Syrian war, the Daily Mail reported that Israeli forces had saved more than 2,000 people since 2013 until December 2015, after visiting hospitals near the Golan Heights border where wounded jihadists are left for pickup. It is unclear how many are fighters, but one analyst reported “there are not too many civilians left because of the fighting raging there,” according to Foreign Policy. It is a valuable asset for groups to know they can receive care at Israeli hospitals and the fighters treated were likely the most valuable members who survived, allowing them to be treated with the limited spots available and sent back to the battlefield. ‘Most fighters know they will get good care here’ as reported in a headline by Jerusalem Post.

DAILY MAIL

Almost every night, Israeli troops run secret missions to save the lives of Syrian fighters, all of whom are sworn enemies of the Jewish state.

Israel insists that these treacherous nightly rescues are purely humanitarian, and that it can only hope to ‘win hearts and minds’ in Syria. But analysts suggest the Jewish state has in fact struck a deadly ‘deal with the devil’ – offering support to the Sunni militants who fight the Syrian ruler Assad in the hope of containing its arch enemies Hezbollah and Iran. There is no doubt about the danger involved. Many of the casualties rescued by Israel belong to Salafist groups who harbour a deep-seated hatred of the Jewish State. It has also been reported that some may be members of Jabhat al-Nusra, a Syrian group affiliated to Al Qaeda that has kidnapped scores of UN peacekeeping troops in this area, and has massacred Christians deeper in Syria. It is unclear how the two enemies arrange the rescue. All that has been disclosed is that word reaches Israeli forces that casualties have been dumped at the border, intelligence establishes that it is not a trap, and the commandos are sent in. In the three years that Israel has been running these operations, it has saved the lives of more than 2,000 Syrians – at least 80 per cent of whom are male and of fighting age – at a cost of 50 million shekels (£8.7 million).

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited an Israeli Defense Forces field hospital in the Golan Heights region which treats wounded civilians but also treats many jihadist fighters.

The Israeli government could use its military resources to aid the humanitarian effort for the Syrian people by working with the US, but instead, it chooses to give medical help to Al Qaeda terrorists. Why?

Here is a link to a White House petition to demand they investigate the killing of Serena Shim. You can sign it here.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103693,"Hollywood, CA — The CHP is under fire this week after one of their finest pulled over an entire funeral procession for driving too slow.

In an ostensible attempt to prevent a traffic problem caused by the procession, the CHP officer caused a far worse problem after having 100 cars stopped along the freeway.

The incident was captured on cell phone video as the family members were embarrassingly detained on the roadside during this somber time.

Advertisment

A uniformed officer was acting as an escort for the procession as the cars drove to Forest Lawn Cemetery when they were stopped by another officer, apparently drunk on power.

“I’m looking and I’m seeing the car my mom was in on the side of the freeway too. That was embarrassing,” said Rachel Behn-Humphrey.

Behn-Humphrey said the actions of the CHP cop were outrageous, and he showed no compassion.

“A lot of the family members did not make it to the gravesite,” Behn-Humphrey said. “We sat on the side of the freeway so long, they had to go on. I saw some of them drive past.”

According to KTLA,

Humphrey has retained an attorney and was demanding a public apology from California Highway Patrol. Her lawyer admits the officer had complete discretion to pull over a traffic escort, but said the incident was handled poorly, and caused the family tremendous emotional distress. “It exceeds the bounds of all human decency,” said family attorney Edward Ramsey. “An officer has the discretion to stop or not stop a funeral procession. If it was me, I would have probably escorted this procession to the burial.” The CHP had not responded to KTLA request for a statement.

What exactly was this officer thinking? Here we have a funeral procession, headed up by a uniformed officer and this other officer felt it was necessary to pull over 100 people for driving too slow. In what world would that be okay?

Police officers pulling people over during the most inopportune of times is certainly not isolated. The Free Thought Project has reported on everything from pregnant women on the way to the hospital being held at gunpoint, to asthmatics in distress dying on the roadside as police ignore their pleas for help.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55343,"

In the age of instant information transfer and social media, something as illogical and ludicrous as the War on Drugs cannot be sustained. Government prohibition of psychoactive substances triggers the unrealistic drive to “eradicate” their presence and just ends up being a war on people.

Some of those in government are realizing this and, under public pressure, are decriminalizing aspects of the drug war, most notably seen in cannabis legalization sweeping across the U.S. More politicians and officials are speaking out to say we must change course.

On Monday, former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan penned an essay in Spiegel Online where he called for the legalization of drugs. He reiterated many long-known truisms, describing how prohibition brings a far worse danger to humanity than drugs themselves.

Advertisment

“I believe that drugs have destroyed many lives, but wrong government policies have destroyed many more. We all want to protect our families from the potential harm of drugs. But if our children do develop a drug problem, surely we will want them cared for as patients in need of treatment and not branded as criminals.”

The essay comes two months before the UN General Assembly holds a special session on drugs, where Annan says “the world will have a chance to change course.”

He admits that the UN played a pivotal role in encouraging prohibition 50 years ago. The UN Convention on Narcotic Drugs in 1961 had the stated purpose to protect the “health and welfare of mankind,” but instead showed how centralized efforts to control behavior bring destruction and misery.

Prohibition has created a “vast, international criminal market in drugs that fuels violence, corruption and instability,” as Annan acknowledges, which amounts to a $$330 billion per year industry. The drug war has no effect on the availability of drugs or the demand, yet $$100 billion a year is spent on this consistent failure.

Annan even says the war on drugs is a “war on people.”

Punishment of drug users and overcrowded prisons are just some of the ways in which this manifests. Wherever the criminal drug trade is concentrated, violence, and corruption ensue. In 2013 Mexico saw 16,000 murders, many directly linked to drug trafficking.

“The tendency in many parts of the world to stigmatize and incarcerate drug users has prevented many from seeking medical treatment. In what other areas of public health do we criminalize patients in need of help? Punitive measures have sent many people to prison, where their drug use has worsened. A criminal record for a young person for a minor drug offence can be a far greater threat to their well-being than occasional drug use.”

Accepting that drugs are a reality and that some, like cannabis and psychedelics, have real and proven medical benefits, is necessary for governments to end their war on people.

“First, we must decriminalize personal drug use. The use of drugs is harmful and reducing those harms is a task for the public health system, not the courts. This must be coupled with the strengthening of treatment services, especially in middle and low-income countries. Second, we need to accept that a drug-free world is an illusion. We must focus instead on ensuring that drugs cause the least possible harm. Harm reduction measures, such as needle exchange programs, can make a real difference. Germany adopted such measures early on and the level of HIV infections among injecting drug users is close to 5 percent, compared to over 40 percent in some countries which resist this pragmatic approach.”

Annan goes on to discuss regulation, public education, and taxation as the next steps, pointing to the decline in cigarette smoking in many countries. He mentions the always-tempting carrot of revenue collection through taxation of drugs, such as the $$135 million collected by Colorado last year.

Ideally, these things should not be necessary, but in one sense it provides a real benefit. Instead of buying from an unknown source through unknown middle-men, consumers can purchase from reputable vendors and know exactly what is in their product, as well as the risks.

The story of cannabis shows that fears of wildly increased use after legalization are unfounded.

“Initial trends show us that where cannabis has been legalized, there has been no explosion in drug use or drug-related crime. The size of the black market has been reduced and thousands of young people have been spared criminal records.”

Instead of exacerbating problems, legalization alleviates them.

“Scientific evidence and our concern for health and human rights must shape drug policy. This means making sure that fewer people die from drug overdoses and that small-time offenders do not end up in jail where their drug problems get worse. It is time for a smarter, health-based approach to drug policy.”

Let’s hope that Kofi Annan’s message resonates with those attending the UN special session on drugs April 19-21. The war on drugs is a failure, an affront to human rights, and a catalyst for violence. The war on people must end.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96210,"Fairfax, VA — (RT) The mayor of Fairfax, Virginia, has been arrested in an undercover sting during which he allegedly tried to arrange a drug deal with cops via a ‘sex’ website.

Fairfax County police created a fake profile on a website used to organize sexual encounters between men in an operation to catch a person suspected of dealing methamphetamine online.

Mayor of Fairfax City & 2 others arrested for distribution of methamphetamine Read more here https://t.co/cIWN1zXkbo pic.twitter.com/n4JhrJjiYu — Fairfax Co. Police (@fairfaxpolice) August 5, 2016

After a string of text messages to and from the suspect, during which he allegedly promised to provide meth in exchange for sex, the Organized Crime and Narcotics team arrested Fairfax Mayor Richard ‘Scott’ Silverthorne.

Advertisment

We continue to share information about the arrest of FFC City Mayor. https://t.co/0nC52b4Yv4 pic.twitter.com/e4Wv7DltkC — Fairfax Co. Police (@fairfaxpolice) August 5, 2016

Silverthorne holds the office of mayor of the City of Fairfax and is in his third term. He has, according to the Fairfax government website, championed “quality of life issues” and worked to promote “a healthy lifestyle.”

The 50-year-old, who also served on the city council from 1990 to 2012, was arrested Thursday at the Crowne Plaza Hotel Tysons Corner as he tried to deal “methamphetamine to the undercover detectives,” say police.

Thanks @KirkCousins8 for signed hat yesterday while in @CityofFairfaxVA. I'll display proudly in the Mayor's Office! pic.twitter.com/ytRkXT1z9Y — Scott Silverthorne (@rssilverthorne) June 11, 2016

Silverthorne has been charged with “felony distribution of methamphetamine and misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia.”

Two other men, 34-year-old Juan Jose Fernandez and Caustin Lee McLaughlin, 21, both from Maryland, were later arrested on suspicion of supplying the hardcore drug. Police say McLaughlin was tasered as he resisted arrest, but there were no reported injuries in the altercation.

All three men were taken to Fairfax County Adult Detention Center.

A spokesperson for the City of Fairfax told RT.com that they had no comment regarding the arrest, but that a statement on the matter is expected.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
63380,"CHICAGO (CN) – A black man shot fives times by Chicago police officers after he angered them by calling 911 sued the city for excessive force, claiming the officers weren’t disciplined until months after a police oversight board found his shooting unjustified.

On Feb. 7, 2015, Antwon D. Golatte was stopped on the South Side by Chicago police for a traffic violation. Three other police officers – Jaime Gaeta, Harry Matheos and Matt Dercola – soon arrived on the scene, court records show.

Golatte, a black man, says he called 911 as soon as he saw them, because he recognized the three as the officers who stopped him two days earlier. In that stop, the officers allegedly dumped his pizza on the ground and made him stand barefoot in the snow while they searched his car.

Unhappy with Golatte’s call, the officers began swearing and pointing their guns at him, according to the complaint filed Friday in Chicago federal court.

Advertisment

“Plaintiff lowered his driver’s side window in an attempt to communicate with defendant officers, to no avail,” the complaint states. “Defendant Gaeta then stood on the running board [of] plaintiff’s car, grabbed the inside of plaintiff’s driver side window, pulled, and shattered the glass.”

The officers then opened fire, shooting him five times and barely missing his vital organs, according to the lawsuit. Golatte says he still has bullet shards in his body that doctors were unable to remove.

Golatte was charged with aggravated assault on the four police officers with a motor vehicle, charges he claims were trumped up to justify the shooting.

Three days after the shooting, the Chicago Police Department updated its policy on use of deadly force, prohibiting officers from shooting at moving vehicles if no other weapons were being used against them.

Golatte was acquitted of the accused crimes at trial. The Independent Police Review Authority also found in July that the officers used deadly force without justification.

Nevertheless, “upon information and belief, the City of Chicago and Chicago Police Department failed to adequately investigate the shooting of plaintiff or impose any discipline on any of the defendant officers until December 2016, almost two years after the unlawful shooting,” the complaint claims.

The Chicago Police Department has come under intense scrutiny since December 2015 when the release of police dashcam video showed the fatal shooting of black teenager Laquan McDonald by a white officer. The video sparked protests and the resignation of Superintendent Garry McCarthy.

A Police Accountability Task Force created by Mayor Rahm Emanuel after the McDonald video went public found that the city’s Independent Police Review Authority, charged with investigating police misconduct, is only nominally independent and almost always finds in favor of the officers – although not in Golatte’s case. Forty percent of the complaints it received were not even investigated over the last five years.

The investigation also found that, although Chicago’s population is evenly split between blacks, whites and Hispanics, 74 percent of police shootings between 2008 and 2015 involved blacks, and black drivers were four times as likely to be searched by police after being stopped, even though contraband was found twice as often on white drivers.

Last month, the U.S. Justice Department released a scathing report finding that major problems with the police department’s training and accountability are to blame for civil rights violations and the erosion of public trust.

The city and the Justice Department reached an agreement in principle to work together toward a consent decree that will addressing deficiencies found in the government’s investigation.

Golatte is represented by Danielle A. Pinkston. He seeks punitive damages for claims of excessive force, malicious prosecution and conspiracy.

The city did not immediately respond Monday to a request for comment.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89851,"

Fort Lauderdale, Florida – As we reported last month, the city of Fort Lauderdale has been arresting homeless advocates for the crime of providing free food to people who need it.

90-year-old Arnold Abbott has been at the center of the controversy since the beginning, because he has refused to comply with a newly imposed local ordinance against feeding the homeless.

Abbot has been a charity worker for over 20 years and has continued to feed the homeless despite multiple arrests and fines. In some cases, Abbot was back on the streets the very next day after getting arrested, only to be shut down minutes later by police.

Advertisment

Videos of the arrests went viral, and quickly caused outrage all over the world. Local politicians have been fighting to justify their actions, but have only made themselves look worse with their callous comments to the media.

This week, as a result of that backlash, Broward Circuit Judge Thomas Lynch suspended the ordinance.

“We’re elated the judge has entered the stay,” John David, Abbott’s attorney told reporters after the ruling.

The judge was responding to a legal challenge filed by Abbot after his arrest. However, this does not mean that the law has been abolished entirely, Lynch told the Associated Press that he wants the dispute resolved through legal mediation or trial by the end of the year. The judge did not give any indication as to which way the ruling would go.

As the case is being mediated, the suspension will prevent police from arresting people for feeding the homeless, but this temporary reprieve will last just 30 days unless the court rules in favor of Abbot.

Now it seems that even the politicians who put the ordinance into effect are backpedaling on the issue.

“We’ve been trying to find some amicable resolution. We hope that Mr. Abbott meets us half way. We’ve asked him to meet us half way in the past. We would prefer to enforce our municipal ordinances, but whether the judge was trying to take a little steam off the kettle, whether the judge was trying to give a little period of quiet during the holidays, I’m not sure what was the logic behind his decision,” Mayor Jack Seiler said in a statement.

This fight is nothing new, Abbot has been fighting against the city for years, just so he can provide this free service to his community. In 1999, Abbot was banned from feeding the homeless and successfully sued the city after a lengthy legal battle.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74778,"Washington, D.C. — (RT) In less than a fortnight, more than 70,000 people have signed a petition accusing billionaire investor George Soros of sedition against the US and demanding that he and his affiliates be declared “domestic terrorists” and that his assets be seized.

The petition was initially launched on August 20 by “E.B.” on the White House petitions website and has gained more than 70,500 signatures as of Friday morning. If it reaches the threshold of 100,000 signatures before September 19, the White House will have to provide a formal response.

The creators of the petition on the website ‘We the People’ say that Soros has “willfully” tried to “destabilize and otherwise commit acts of sedition against the United States and its citizens.” To achieve these goals, the author says, “Soros has created multiple organizations with a sole purpose is to apply Alinsky model terrorist tactics to destroy the US government.”

Advertisment

Read more







The “Alinsky model” refers to American community organizer and writer Saul Alinsky. In his book ‘Rules for Radicals,’ he outlines 13 rules for political struggle to seize power.

The petition calls on the Department of Justice to “immediately declare George Soros and all of his organizations and staff members to be domestic terrorists, and have all of his personal an organizational wealth and assets seized under Civil Asset Forfeiture law.”

Another recent high-profile petition, which has already exceeded the 100,000-signature threshold by three times, calls on US President Donald Trump to classify the Antifa activist group as a terrorist organization, accusing them of violence at demonstrations and incitement to kill police.

The White House, however, has left almost a dozen petitions unanswered since Donald Trump took office in February, and is considering shutting the service down.

George Soros is a Hungarian-American billionaire with a net worth of $$25 billion and 33rd richest man in the world, according to Forbes. The 87-year-old investing heavyweight is behind many organizations and projects, some of which have been the target of criticism for years. His Open Society Foundation, along with USAID and the National Endowment for Democracy, have been accused of fomenting color revolutions to install governments friendly to the US – from Serbia in 2000 to Ukraine in 2014.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89236,"Mirroring trend seen across federal government

Paul Joseph Watson

Infowars.com

Mirroring a trend seen across the federal government, the Federal Reserve is hiring a raft of new police officers and security guard, developments that some see as preparation for civil unrest.

Despite only being as “federal” as Federal Express, the Federal Reserve central banking system has its own law enforcement arm, officers belonging to which are lawfully allowed to be armed both on and off duty, including with semi-automatic pistols, assault rifles and submachine guns.

Advertisment

Ads posted on job websites catering for the Federal Reserve suggest that demand for law enforcement personnel and protection officers is increasing.

“At last check, there were over 1000 sworn members of the Fed police force. And judging by the recent spike in appearances of such “help wanted” ads as those shown below, that number is too low,” reports Zero Hedge. “We expect many more job postings such as these to appear in the coming weeks and months: in fact, we are willing to predict that the closer we get to a “renormalization” of the Fed’s balance sheet, the faster the hiring of Fed cops.”

The hiring of new armed guards to protect infrastructure is an emerging trend being replicated across the federal government.

Last week we highlighted how the Department of Homeland Security is spending up to $$58 million dollars to hire armed guards to protect just two Social Security buildings in Baltimore.

Back in November we highlighted how the DHS was looking to hire armed guards with “top secret” security clearances in Wisconsin and Minnesota.

A month prior to that, the DHS’ $$80 million dollar outlay on armed guards to protect government buildings in upstate New York prompted Fox News’ Neil Cavuto to speculate that the feds were preparing for violence in response to cutbacks in the food stamp program.

In October it emerged that Homeland Security was set to spend half a million dollars on fully automatic pepper spray launchers and projectiles that are designed to be used during riot control situations.

While the feds will continue to downplay this activity as nothing out of the ordinary, it is clear that authorities are at least making preparations for some form of domestic unrest, whether it actually occurs or not.

Source: Infowars.com",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55421,"Paradise, CA — Andrew Thomas, 26, made a deadly decision to get behind the wheel after he’d been drinking on Thanksgiving night. With his 23-year-old wife, Darien Ehorn in the passenger’s seat, Thomas left the Canteena Bar and was immediately pursued by Paradise police officer Patrick Feaster.

In a pursuit that barely lasted a minute, Thomas loses control of his Toyota Four-Runner, hit the median and flipped over. Tragically, Ehorn was ejected from the vehicle and died on the scene.

Officer Feaster then gets out of his vehicle, gun drawn, and as Thomas attempts to get out of the vehicle, in a likely attempt to check on his wife, the cop shoots him in the neck.

Thomas posed absolutely no threat to the officer who was 10-20 feet away from Thomas when he fired. There was no possible way the department could spin the shooting into Feaster somehow fearing for his life. So, they did something entirely different.

Advertisment

They claimed it was an accident.

Butte County District Attorney Mike Ramsey announced on Tuesday that Feaster would not face any charges, claiming that Feaster’s gun merely “went off” when it struck Thomas in the neck, hitting him in the C7 and T1 vertebrae, which will likely mean he will never walk again.

If this truly were an accidental shooting, Feaster would have probably reported firing his gun. However, that didn’ happen.

When backup arrived on the scene, Feaster said nothing of discharging his firearm. For 11 minutes, Thomas lay bleeding out in the vehicle before anyone even found the shot.

Only when the commanding officer on the scene suggested an investigator return to the Canteena to find out if Thomas had been shot at the bar did Feaster reveal he’d pulled the trigger.

According to Ramsey, there were multiple factors investigators used to determine the shooting to be accidental, conveniently igoring the fact that Feaster tried to cover it up.

Ramsey, in some weird play on words, said the evidence shows the shooting to be accidental, and possibly negligent, but not criminally so. “This shooting is not justified, but also not criminal.”

He then went on to describe things that are not at all present in the video, such as Feaster being “surprised by the gun’s firing.”

“The dash cam video shows Officer Feaster was not prepared for and was surprised by the guns firing. The pistol discharges in mid-stride and the officer both flinches his head to the right and does a stutter step indicative of an officer not prepared for nor intentionally firing his pistol. Additionally, officers normally train to fire a minimum of two shots. There was no second shot and the officer immediately holstered his weapon after the discharge.”

The flinch and the step were not present, and, there was no need to fire a second shot as Thomas collapsed back into the vehicle immediately after the first one.

Thomas will certainly deserve the jail time that he gets for negligently killing his wife. But the bullet in his neck also warrants jail time. Unfortunately, because the person who put that bullet there wears a uniform and a badge, he will not see any.

Since the shooting, Feaster has been on paid administrative leave pending an ‘internal’ investigation. But, rest assured, since the DA decided not to file charges, there is no possible way that the department will.

Thomas, who had a blood alcohol concentration of .15, and who may never walk again, is expected to face driving under the influence and vehicular manslaughter charges.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96211,"June 8, 2014

Police will often try and skirt the law by telling you that you have to submit to search or tricking you into submitting to an otherwise self-incriminating action, regardless of actual guilt.

Advertisment

Those who are informed are harder to trick and thus pose a challenge for the would-be rights violators out there.

This woman knows how to flex her rights and repels this cop, peacefully and without aggression.

This is how it is done.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74664,"Providence, RI — A Rhode Island State Trooper was driving Donald Morgan, 35, to a court appearance on obstruction and possession of a stolen motor vehicle charges Thursday morning when the trooper left the man alone inside the cruiser at a crash on Route 146. Morgan then jumped into the driver’s seat of the cruiser and sped off. Hours later, as police were looking for Morgan, they came across a random couple in a white pickup truck, thinking it was Morgan. Multiple cops opened fire into the truck killing the driver and wounding the passenger—it was not Morgan.

“We are actively investigating all the circumstances. There are multiple officers involved in the shooting, and we have one person that is deceased,” Providence Public Safety Commissioner Steven Pare said in a press conference on Thursday, adding, “no officers have been hurt.”

Initially, police told the public that the cruiser theft and the deadly and insanely dangerous shooting that took place on I-95 were related. However, Thursday afternoon police announced that Morgan was still at large and the person killed by police was not wanted for the theft of the police cruiser.

According to police, they were on the lookout for a white pickup truck which they believed Morgan was driving. When an officer saw a white truck he pulled it over.

Advertisment

A Cranston officer saw a white Ford F150 driving “erratically” in the city shortly afterward, and attempted to pull the driver over. The truck stopped, but when the Cranston officer got out of his car, the driver “took off at a decent clip,” Cranston Police Col. Michael Winquist said. The truck swerved, made illegal turns, and sped past stop signs evading the police, the Providence Journal reported.

Police have no idea why the driver of the white truck took off. However, it cost him his life and put countless other citizens in danger as dozens of cops initiated pursuit driving at dangerously high speeds down the interstate.

They were going so fast that “they were almost endangering their lives,” Michael Perry, 42, a Cranston building contractor, who filmed the shooting said. “I knew something was going on.”

Perry then described hearing a loud “pop”—likely the pickup truck crashing into the car in front of him—as more than a dozen cops swarmed the truck. “I pulled the camera out and held it through the sunroof to capture whatever was happening,” Perry said.

The shocking video captures at least a half-dozen officers open fire on the pickup truck at close range. After the volley of gunfire, it appears as if the dead driver’s foot slips onto the accelerator and the truck’s back tires begin spinning so fast that a massive cloud of smoke forms around the area.

Had so many lives not been in danger from this response, it would’ve been comical. As the cloud of smoke began to form, police scattered from the scene, abandoning a situation they likely caused as the innocent motorists are left to fend for themselves.

“It happened so fast,” Perry said. “All of the discharge from gunfire appeared to come from outside the truck,” Perry said.

Luckily, none of the innocent citizens close to the scene were hit by one of the many stray bullets.

“We’re investigating … why this individual did not stop and why police officers had to use deadly force,” Paré said Thursday.

Whether or not the couple inside the truck was armed is unknown at the moment. However, as Perry noted, all the gunfire appeared to come from cops. When looking at the video, it was entirely clear that this white truck was trapped and was unable to go anywhere. Even when the driver’s foot slammed the gas down after he was killed, the truck still didn’t move.

The use of deadly force in this instance appears to have been a danger to the public and largely unnecessary. Yes, police have to make quick decisions, however, when watching the video below, their quick and deadly decisions endangered innocent lives, ended one, and possibly will end another life.

Below is a video compilation of the shooting from multiple angles. When watching the first one, take note that the passenger’s door opens, indicating that the woman in the truck was likely complying with police orders to exit the vehicle, however, she was trapped by the car next to her.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95719,"Irving, TX – An intelligent and talented 9th grader was arrested this week for bringing a homemade clock into school. 14-year-old Ahmed Mohamed is interested in electronics and has taught himself how to make his own radios and other devices. He can even repair his own go-kart.

Recently, he made a clock that he was proud of so he decided to take it into school and show his classmates and teachers. Sadly, instead of celebrating his achievement, one of his teachers called the police on him because they thought that it might be a bomb.

When the police arrived, they took the threat seriously and believed that it could be a bomb as well, even though it obviously wasn’t. Eventually, the police charged him with making a clock and misrepresenting it as a bomb, even though he consistently told everyone that it was a clock, and denied that it was a bomb when the teachers or the police suggested it.

The young man was then handcuffed and taken to a juvenile detention center, and his clock was taken and put in an evidence room. He was also suspended from school and was unable to attend a student council meeting that he was scheduled to be a part of.

“Here in high school, none of the teachers know what I can do,” Ahmed told Dallas News after the incident.

He then explained that when he showed his engineering teacher what he created, he was warned not to show it to the other teachers.

Advertisment

“He was like, ‘That’s really nice, I would advise you not to show any other teachers’,” Ahmed said.

He then kept the clock in his bag until his English class when the alarm went off and disturbed his teacher. After the class, Ahmed showed his teacher what was making the noise, and she accused him of bringing a bomb to school.

“She was like, it looks like a bomb,” he said.

“I told her, ‘It doesn’t look like a bomb to me,’” he explained.

The teacher took the clock from him and he had expected that was the end of it. However, towards the end of the day, Ahmed was pulled out of class and taken to a room filled with police officers.

He said that the officers then attempted to get him to admit that he tried to make a bomb.

“They were like, ‘So you tried to make a bomb?’” Ahmed said.

“I told them no, I was trying to make a clock.”

The officer then told him, “‘It looks like a movie bomb to me.’”

The police even admit that Ahmed never once said the device was a bomb, and they never had any reason to believe that it actually was one, but the police still seemed to think he was lying about something, even though they didn’t have any proof.

“We have no information that he claimed it was a bomb. He kept maintaining it was a clock, but there was no broader explanation,” police spokesman James McLellan said.

“It could reasonably be mistaken as a device if left in a bathroom or under a car. The concern was, what was this thing built for? Do we take him into custody?” he added.

They couldn’t possibly imagine that a young man would want to teach himself a valuable skill and share his achievement with his teachers.

“They thought, ‘How could someone like this build something like this unless it’s a threat?’,” Ahmed said.

Ahmed’s father, Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed believes that his family is being discriminated against.

“He just wants to invent good things for mankind, but because his name is Mohamed and because of Sept. 11, I think my son got mistreated,” he said.

There has since been an outpour of support on social media since Ahmed’s story went public. He has even gotten support from Mark Z and President Obama.

Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great. — President Obama (@POTUS44) September 16, 2015

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter-culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work, he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88413,"Perrin, TX — Two and a half years after former oil field worker Cody Murray and three family members endured severe injuries when their pump house abruptly exploded into a fireball, new studies point the finger of blame squarely at one of Big Oil’s most disputatious practices: fracking.

“It’s really incontrovertible,” asserted Murray family attorney, Christopher Hamilton, of rapidly amassing evidence hydraulic fracturing was responsible for decimating the Texas family’s pump house in August 2014. “Sometimes the science just overwhelms.”

Although studies have consistently intimated fracking practices contaminate water and spawn earthquakes of even sizable intensity, the idea fracked gas and particulates could travel through horizontal fissures underground had remained the stuff of theory.

But the studies stemming from the Murrays’ lawsuit against gas operators EOG Resources and Fairway Resources — which the Texas Tribune reports is a subsidiary of Goldman Sachs — finally substantiated high-level methane contamination of the family’s well originated from a drill site hundreds of feet away.

“The timing is undeniable, the location is undeniable, the chemistry of the gas is undeniable,” Hamilton told local station WFAA. “This is not naturally occurring gas. This is gas that came from 4- to 6-thousand feet below the ground.”

In the interview, the attorney shows video of bubbling, methane-laden water — the same water that caused the 2014 blast that left Cody Murray with second- and third-degree burns over nearly one-quarter of his body. The Murrays are suing in Tarrant County District Court for $$1 million in damages.

“What you can see in the video here is just super carbonated water that is saturated with methane gas that’s bubbling out of the Murray’s water,” Hamilton explains.

Advertisment

“This is an explosive gas. Large bubbles and pockets of this methane escaping from a water well, any sort of spark will start a fire.”

On the fateful day in 2014, Murray and his father approached the pump house on the 160-acre property outside Perrin, around 60 miles northwest of Fort Worth — but what happened next forced the former oil industry worker to react immediately.

“At the flip of the switch, Cody heard a ‘whooshing’ sound, which he instantly recognized from his work in the oil and gas industry, and instinctively picked his father up and physically threw him back and away from the entryway to the pump house,” the lawsuit states. “In that instant, a giant fireball erupted from the pump house, burning Cody and [his father], who were at the entrance to the pump house, as well as [wife] Ashley and A.M. [the couple’s minor child], who were approximately twenty feet away.”

The Tribune notes, “The blast was caused by a buildup of methane gas in the water well that caused enough pressure to send water spraying in the family’s pump house. Ashley Murray turned off the well pump and asked her husband to investigate, and when he turned it back on, the gas exploded, severely burning” the four family members.

Thirty-eight-year-old Cody received “severe and extensive” burns to the body, the court filing notes, leaving him “permanently disfigured and disabled.”

EOG Resources settled with the Murrays, but attorneys say methane and drilling chemicals leaked from a Fairway well with a faulty seal and traveled through subterranean fractures before tainting the family’s water and building up dangerous pressure at the well.

As regulator of the state’s oil and gas industry, the Texas Railroad Commission initiated an investigation of the explosion that is ostensively ongoing, but has yet to produce any results or details for disclosure to the public.

In fact, RRC thus far lists the result of its investigation as ‘inconclusive.’

“There is nothing new to report at this time,” Ramona Nye, spokeswoman for the Railroad Commission, told the Texas Tribune. “The Commission takes this and every incident we investigate very seriously.”

She added, “As with any incident, our technical experts base their work on the appropriate science and data necessary to complete a thorough and comprehensive investigation.”

Citing ongoing litigation, Fairway Resources refused to comment on either WFAA or the Texas Tribune — and family attorneys would not permit litigants to discuss the case with the media.

But, in the meantime, studies commissioned by Murray family attorneys have found conclusive evidence hydraulic fracturing is as insidious as detractors have been warning for years.

Fairway Resources drilled its JT Cook #2 well in 2013, and about a month later, the Singleton family, who joined the Murrays’ lawsuit, observed noticeably murky water coming from faucets and informed the Railroad Commission — whose inspectors rushed to deny energy production was responsible, despite tests plainly pegging fracking as the culprit.

Indeed, lawyers and investigators claim RRC recklessly ignored the Singletons’ complaint of tainted drinking water — a warning sign gas had dangerously befouled the supply.

Hamilton, the Murrays’ attorney, hired “Thomas Darrah, a geochemist at Ohio State University; Franklin Schwartz, an Ohio State University hydrologist; Zacariah Hildenbrand, chief scientific officer at Inform Environmental; and Anthony Ingraffea, a civil engineering professor at a Cornell University with expertise in hydraulic fracturing” to investigate whether that gas well had caused both families’ issues.

Darrah compared samples from local water wells with those from the Fairway well, and found, “The JT Cook #2 oil and gas well displays a geochemical match to samples of groundwater in the Singleton’s and Murray’s water wells in all of the measured data.”

Schwartz disputes the RRC findings the methane contamination could not be decisively traced to Texas’ Barnett Shale, saying the Commission did not account for “physical, chemical and isotopic processes” that alter gas underground.

Hildenbrand concluded a drilling mud additive, Chem Seal, found in the Murrays’ water emanated from the Fairway well.

“Ingraffea wrote of at least three likely pathways for gas to escape Fairway’s well,” the Tribune reports, “which he said was constructed with ‘bare-bones’ protections and operated carelessly. The well also violated commission standards, Ingraffea wrote, notably because it lacked a Bradenhead gauge, a device that could monitor pressure and help detect leaks.”

Hamilton’s panel of investigative experts aren’t the only ones calling into question the Railroad Commission’s probe — an EnergyWire investigation of the explosion and government follow-through published in June, 2016, revealed “significant gaps in the [RRC] investigation and suggest at least one potential source wasn’t fully examined.”

Further, in December 2016, the Environmental Protection Agency published the results of a much-anticipated study on the water cycle and fracking, which “found scientific evidence that hydraulic fracturing activities can impact drinking water resources under some circumstances.”

Stanford University Professor Rob Jackson — who studies groundwater contamination and who says the Railroad Commission failed even to test whether the explosion could have been related to oil and gas industry activity — told EnergyWire,

“What’s frustrating is that the Railroad Commission could figure out what actually happened. They don’t seem particularly interested, though.”

With an administration uber-friendly to Big Oil, expecting government regulators or oversight agencies to thoroughly investigate mishaps like the Murrays’ and hold the industry accountable for wrongdoing seems naïvely optimistic — even though a rapidly-mushrooming body of evidence has declared fracking an untenable practice.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95947,"Albuquerque, NM — After tossing flashbang grenades into a suspect’s yard, Albuquerque police officers released a K-9 to attack the unarmed man as he surrendered with his hands in the air. Although police initially claimed the suspect was uncooperative and had his hands near his waist, the video clearly shows the man surrendering when the officer released the attack dog.

Responding to a domestic abuse call in July, an Albuquerque SWAT team surrounded the house of Michael O’Connor, 58, for six hours before throwing flashbang grenades into his yard. As an officer’s body cam recorded the incident, O’Connor stepped out of the house surrendering with his hands in the air when a K-9 officer released his dog.

Advertisment

O’Connor immediately fell to the ground screaming, “Jesus Christ! Get this thing off my arm! Jesus Christ! Get this dog off me! Oh God, help me!”

After searching the house, an officer asked O’Connor, “So when you walked out of the front door and saw officers, did you see a dog there as well?”

“No, I didn’t see the dog until the last minutes,” O’Connor answered. “I don’t know why you sent a dog after me. Why did you do that?”



According to the Albuquerque Police Department (APD), O’Connor was “moving things around in his waist. He’s not showing his hands. He’s refusing to cooperate with the actual commands.”

The department made this statement in August while refusing to disclose the officer’s body cam video to the public. After the video was recently released, the APD refused to explain why the K-9 officer ordered the dog to attack when the suspect was clearly surrendering with his hands in the air.

On March 16, 2014, APD officers fired a flashbang grenade at James Boyd as he agreed to surrender. After the flashbang exploded, an officer released a K-9 to take down Boyd. Shot multiple times in the back and arm, Boyd gasped for breath for 20 minutes before being transported to the University of New Mexico Hospital, where he died. Two hours before the shooting, Detective Keith Sandy was caught on dashcam video claiming, “I’m going to shoot him in the penis with a shotgun here in a second.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104626,"Washington D.C. — As if autonomous drones launching Hellfire missiles at targets acquired through the collection of metadata weren’t horrifying enough, the US military now has its own death rays — no kidding.

Since the days of Nikola Tesla, and his plans of a death ray, the up and coming military industrial complex has salivated over the idea of direct energy weapons. For pennies, the US could lay waste to their enemies instead of using highly expensive missile systems. However, this technology and the resources to build it remained elusive — until now.

Directed energy weapons (DEWs) are systems that emit energy without the means of a projectile, and can use visible light, infra-red or microwave radiation, with lethal effects.

The weapons are said to be particularly useful for targeting large numbers of targets with high precision, and some estimates put the cost of each shot of directed energy at just $$1.

Advertisment

“The technologies now exist,” said Paul Shattuck, company director for Directed Energy Systems. “They can be packaged into a size, weight, power and thermal which can be fit onto relevant tactical platforms, whether it’s a ship, whether it’s a ground vehicle or whether it’s an airborne platform.

“So everything exists today,” he said, “it’s just a question of the desire and when is that going to occur.”

Lockheed Martin has already shown the deadly accuracy of these weapons in tests. In milliseconds, one of their 30 KW laser weapons will melt a hole through solid steel.

When Defense News asked Lockheed Martin if they came to them tomorrow and asked for a laser weapon in the 30 KW range, the company said yes.

According to Defense News, that doesn’t mean that giant city-melting lasers are on their way. Right now, the weapons are limited to the 15-30 KW scale; going much further requires figuring out how to deal with atmospheric interference, an issue which becomes more complicated with weapons mounted on airborne systems.

However, Lockheed said that making a larger laser is similar to building out computer servers — Once you figure out how to connect them all, you can add more power by adding another server. The same is true for the laser weapons: you add more power slots into the rack and increase its power.

Just last year, the company held a demonstration at which they took out unmanned systems from over a mile away, melted a car engine, and sank a boat.

While they have only mastered the 30 KW system, Lockheed Martin says they are on track to deliver a 60 KW laser for the Army by the end of the year.

On one side of the issue, there is a bit of relief when taking into account the collateral damage associated with the U.S. military’s “surgical” drone strikes. However, the idea of such a powerful weapon in the hands of any government willing to go to war is terrifying.

Imagine the deadly capabilities running rampant in America’s kill-happy police state. The CIA could target domestic “terrorists” from miles away and burn holes through their heads without the need for any due process. Militaries could silently target a nuclear reactor and cause a Chernobyl-type event in seconds, and no one would know who did it. Enemies of the state could be wiped out silently and simultaneously without any evidence of what happened. Planes could be zapped out of the sky. The dangers are limitless.

Of course, the Pentagon is touting the “defense” capabilities of such weapons. However, with America’s track record in spreading death and destruction, the blacked-out apocalyptic sky is the limit.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cniyP_0PWpE",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103849,"Coral Springs, FL — A man whose job was to help guide people after they’ve been released from prison, has been arrested himself, after being accused of vile criminal acts.

A parole officer in South Florida was arrested this week for sexually assaulting a woman on probation. The woman was so scared of violating her probation if she turned him in, that she had to film their second encounter in order to prove this cop’s misdeeds.

According to police, 50-year-old Zachary Thomas Bailey used his authority to target the victim, telling her he needed to do a “study” of her home in Coral Springs.

Advertisment

“This is someone who is hired to protect you,” said Coral Springs Police Lt. Joe McCue, “hired to say, ‘Hey, protect the society,’ and you don’t expect your probation officer to be acting in this manner.”

The victim alleges that on two separate occasions Bailey sexually assaulted her. To make this assault even more vile, the victim’s young daughter was home during her mom’s attacks.

“The first time he went there, he said he needed to check out the bedroom,” said McCue. “While in the bedroom, Mr. Bailey did sexually batter the victim by putting his hands down the front of her pants.”

According to the police report, the victim responded by saying: “Mr. Bailey, you can’t do that. What are you doing?”

The very next day, Bailey came back for more. He followed the victim into her bedroom and demanded a massage. When she refused, Bailey took off his clothes, put on a condom, threw her down and raped her. Her daughter was in the next room.

WSVN reports that the victim said she recorded the incident on her phone not only so police would believe her, but so Bailey would not be able to write a false parole violation against her for reporting the rape.

“The victim said, ‘This is rape. This is rape. I don’t want you to do this,'” said McCue. “Unfortunately, she was in fear that if she reported this, he would violate her probation and put her back in jail.”

The video shows Bailey taking off his clothes and putting on the condom, which he later left in her home. “The video is extremely explicit,” said the victim’s attorney, Bradford Cohen. “It actually shows what her accusations are.”

This iniquitous “officer of the law” has been on the job for over 25 years. There is no telling how many victims lay ruined in the wake of this public servant.

Police are asking for any additional victims to come forward.

“At this time, we’re really uncertain if there’s additional victims out there or not. However, if there is additional victims, you need to go to the authorities,” said McCue. “Don’t be afraid your probation is gonna be violated. It’s very important that you come forward.”

If you are a victim of Bailey’s or know someone who is, call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38943,"St. Louis, Missouri – This week, the St. Louis Police Department posted an insulting piece of advice on their social media pages. Their advice to parents who are sick and tired of seeing their children shot in the streets? Teach them to be more afraid of the police, apparently.

According to the St. Louis Police Department, children like the recently murdered Tamir Rice and their parents are the ones to blame when the child gets shot by a cop for carrying a toy gun. The post actually makes specific mention of the case of Tamir Rice, and attempts to abdicate the murdering officer from any responsibility in the killing.

Advertisment

It is sadly rare for police to actually stand up in these cases and admit that one of their own has done something wrong. Even a 12-year-old boy playing in a park is open season for these police officers.

Of course the St. Louis police department was met with heavy backlash and the post was pulled.

A screenshot of the post, which was captured by The Verge, can be viewed below:

The full text of the social media post can be read below:

On November 22nd 2014, a Cleveland Police Officer shot 12 year old Tamir Rice who had his hand on an Airsoft pistol. The Airsoft pistol had the orange warning tip removed. I do not know all the details of the story; I encourage you to research reliable resources and educated yourself about the incident. This article is not about this a boy losing his life, whether this was a justified shooting or, whether the cops acted too fast. This is about the Fenton Precinct making residents aware of a “hot” topic and learning from this incident so Fenton never loses a child’s life. If you or your children have an Airsoft or pellet gun please sit them down and talk to them about this tragedy. Your children should have rules for “toy” guns that mirror the rules of a real weapon. Pellet guns and Airsoft guns should not be allowed to be played with throughout the neighborhood, common grounds, or used to threaten or intimidate people. Pellet guns have no orange warning tip because they are considered weapons; Airsoft guns do have orange tip. Please inspect your child’s Airsoft gun to make sure the orange tip has not been altered or removed. These guns are very realistic. Pellet gun laws are the same as any weapon in the City of Fenton. Children cannot carry a weapon and they cannot shoot this weapon within the city limits. Airsoft guns are considered toys, but city ordinance prohibits the “shooting of any projectile within the city limits”. Warn them that these “toys” do look like real guns and could result in the police getting called on them. The police may get called to respond to “a child with a gun”, “maybe a toy gun”, it is important to know how officers are trained to respond. If the type of gun is in question by the witness, the Police will respond as though it is a real gun until it can be confirmed one way or the other. Remember if an Airsoft pistol is tucked in your pants like a holster then obviously the orange tip is no longer visible. The police will respond lights and sirens and come to a screeching halt in the area where your child is playing with the gun. Here are some tips to help your child respond appropriately. Do not run away. They need to no longer have the gun in their hands, throw it away from them. They need to comply with officers instructions. They may be ordered to lie down on the ground. Clear communication between your child and the police is essential. Police need to know that it is a toy gun; I do hope I am explaining a scenario that will never happen in our area.

So again, “kids will be kids”, and your children will continue playing war in the common grounds. Share this with your children; tell this story to families that might need this information, and encourage your kids to talk to classmates about this. Working together we will keep our community a safe place.

Thursday afternoon, Chief of Police Jon Belmar issued an apology, saying that his office had not been made aware of the statement until after it was posted and had changed its social media policy to prevent future mistakes. “I apologize to Tamir’s family and anyone who was offended by the post,” he wrote. “The post conveyed the message that my officers respond to calls involving a child with a gun with indiscretion and little regard for life. I want to emphasize that my officers respond to calls with discernment, and have the highest regard for human life. We train officers to take all facts and circumstances into consideration when making decisions about using force.”

A comment on the Chief’s post brings up a powerful point. A person asks, “How many police officers have been shot by 12 year olds in the past 10 years?”

Below is that entire post:

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104568,"The former Miss Arkansas has never forgotten how her former lover used to don her frilly black nightie and prance around the bedroom, pausing for brief moments to take out his makeup compact case filled with cocaine and snort rails of the white powder from her coffee table.

Sally Miller is now coming clean about her past with the 42nd President of the United States, as well as his wife.

The affair dates back to 1983, back when Bill Clinton was a mere governor. According to Miller, the married Bill would sneak away from Hillary at night to come to her house to smoke marijuana, do cocaine, play music, wear her underwear, and have “so-so sex.”

In an interview with the American Mirror, Sally Miller backs up the already massive case against the Clinton family and their problem with cocaine.

“When he did coke,” Miller says, “he brought a little — like a woman’s cosmetic case, that’s the only thing I can describe.

Advertisment

“And he put it down here, pushed everything aside. And he rolled it out, and there was this little mat, and he sprinkled this white powder.

“I was sitting across the way, and I was just fascinated because it had a little straw and he leaned over and — ” Miller says, bending over the table and pretending to injest, “you know, in each nostril.”

Clinton’s cocaine problem was even documented by local doctors who treated him for abuse and overdosage. Dr. Samuel Houston, when speaking about Bill’s addiction, said, “Dr. Suen, a doctor at the medical center here in Little Rock that’s taken care of Bill Clinton for his sinus problems, which may indeed be drug related to cocaine use, as they destroy the sinus passages. Gov. Bill Clinton was taken into the hospital, I believe it was the medical center, on at least one or two occasions, for cocaine abuse and overdosage, in which he actually had to be cared for at the hospital.”

Voluntary consumption of arbitrary substances is not the issue here. If the Free Thought Project merely reported on Clinton’s affair and coke use and didn’t point out the real issues behind them, we’d be no different than the National Enquirer.

The real issue here is not some cheating husband’s drug addiction, it’s the cocaine smuggling and the allegations against the Clinton family by highly credible sources, that they were importing high volumes of cocaine and giving it to children.

Of course, this sounds like something out of the conspiracy realm. However, this information was found during a criminal investigation, and these statements were made by police investigators, government agents, and multiple eye witnesses.

Doc DeLaughter, former Chief of Police in Arkansas, in charge of investigating Dan Lasater, a convicted cocaine trafficker, and his relationship with the Clintons, came clean in 1994, and was subsequently harassed and intimidated by his fellow officers on the Clinton payroll.

“During the Lasater investigation, we had numerous witnesses go before the grand jury and had extensive testimony of people that were connected with Lasater, drug use and everything else,” recalled DeLaughter in the documentary ‘The Clinton Chronicles.’ “His (Clinton’s) cocaine use was used as a tool for sexual favors and for business deals to influence people.”

In 1985, Roger Clinton Jr., Bill’s brother, was convicted on cocaine charges and sentenced to prison. But once Bill was the President, he pardoned his brother.

Larry Nichols, former Director of Marketing for the Arkansas Development Finance Authority described the insane cocaine parties hosted by the Clintons at which “piles of cocaine” filled the rooms.

“They didn’t sell cocaine,” recalled Nichols, “they were giving it away. Huge piles of cocaine in his office. Ashtray upon ashtray full at the parties and they would give it to young girls. That’s sick. They were giving a highly addictive drug to young girls. ”

As the Free Though Project previously reported, it is highly likely that Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the United States.

If her husband could come out unscathed from hosting massive cocaine parties at which underage girls were exploited and taken advantage of, it is no wonder why Hillary Clinton has remained a frontrunner and has yet to be indicted for her many alleged crimes.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38808,"Outspoken critic of Big Government and former U.S. presidential candidate, Dr. Ron Paul, blasted the West for ignoring admonishments from deposed, late, Libyan leader, Muammar Gaddafi, who asserted prior to his death, the rise of U.S.-supported Islamic extremists would lead to attacks on Europe — years before Salman Abedi detonated an explosive device, killing 22 at a concert in Manchester.

Children, adolescents, and adults had gathered for a concert by pop superstar Ariana Grande and had begun to exit the Manchester venue when Abedi exploded a shrapnel-laden device — causing pandemonium, severely injuring scores, and killing 22 people.

Could the Manchester attack have been prevented — even long before MI5 also warned an incident may be forthcoming?

On the Liberty Report, Daniel McAdams noted,

“Gaddafi — when the radicals had started rising in Eastern Libya, when the U.S. was supporting them — he said, ‘I’m telling you guys, these are radical Islamists, these are terrorists, if you keep supporting them, there’s gonna be trouble.’”

McAdams and Dr. Paul cited an article from January, 2016, from the Telegraph, titled, “Colonel Gaddafi warned Tony Blair of Islamist attacks on Europe, phone conversations reveal,” in which the content of communications between the two leaders revealed how precisely the ill-fated leader of Libya prognosticated future blowback from current Western support of radicals.

Advertisment

Apparently lucid enough to grasp the ramifications Western support would effect throughout Europe — in the aiding terrorists to fit its own ends — on February 25, 2011, Gaddafi portended the dark turn in a phone conversation with former U.K. Prime Minister Tony Blair, cautioning,

“They [jihadists] want to control the Mediterranean and then they will attack Europe.”

Gaddafi, in the half hour call, insisted repeatedly he only wished to shield Libyan civilians from an onslaught of violence wrought by al-Qaeda fighters — a battle in which government forces were unable to make headway. Quoting transcripts of Gaddafi’s comments during the call, the Telegraph continued,

“We are not fighting them, they are attacking us. I want to tell you the truth. It is not a difficult situation at all. The story is simply this: an organisation has laid down sleeping cells in North Africa. Called the Al-Qaeda Organisation in North Africa… The sleeping cells in Libya are similar to dormant cells in America before 9/11.

“They have managed to get arms and terrify people. people can’t leave their homes… It’s a jihad situation. They have arms and are terrorising people in the street.”

Then, in a subsequent call four hours later, he added,

“I will have to arm the people and get ready for a fight. Libyan people will die, damage will be on the Med, Europe and the whole world. These armed groups are using the situation [in Libya] as a justification – and we shall fight them.”

In fact, Abedi’s very family fought Ghaddafi during the revolt in 2011.

As Dr. Paul notes, Gaddafi’s desperate words weren’t intended as a threat, rather, as counsel to Blair on the deleterious repercussions manipulation by the U.S. and Western allies would reap — not only across northern Africa and the Middle East, but in Europe.

Gaddafi, Dr. Paul said, was “saying, ‘this could have bad consequences.’ And it turned out, he was absolutely right.”

Indeed, today saw headlines plastered with news Abedi’s family twice approached British Intelligence with concerns their loved one had begun entertaining terrorist fantasies.

“Abedi’s support for terrorism was reported this year to the security services, and friends had called,” The Times reports. “Britain’s anti-terrorist hotline five years ago with concerns about his views, it was claimed. He was reported for violent statements, including a claim that being a suicide bomber was ‘OK.’”

While it remains unclear whether Abedi garnered targeted surveillance from MI5, what has been made apparent is even direct and unequivocal warnings on specific persons of interest don’t necessitate an open and willing ear from perpetually — if ostensively, only — suspicious Western Intelligence agencies.

Abedi’s brother, now having been arrested in Tripoli, allegedly affirmed Salman and himself to be members of the pernicious, self-titled Islamic State — and that his brother told of his plans for the Manchester attack.

However, when it comes to insidious dealings of Intelligence services, the ends — and not warnings with immediacy — seem far too often to play into State decision-making.

Not long after Gaddafi’s pleas to Blair and other Western leaders, his and Libya’s tragic fates were sealed.

With his ouster and killing, plans to supplant the U.S. petrodollar with the gold-based African dinar — which could have brought the continent into economic relevance — could not come to fruition.

And his warnings of impending doom throughout Europe — resulting from years of meddling in the cultures and affairs of governments of sovereign nations, and the manipulation of terrorist groups to serve hegemonic plunder — can now only echo in the minds of those most guilty for turning a deaf ear.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104343,"In what was described as the inaugural sortie in a “guerrilla campaign” targeting Americans of the Islamic faith, an unidentified group of cyber-hijackers created a bogus website claiming to represent the Islamic Center of Wheaton, Illinois – one designed to validate every imaginable anti-Muslim trope and stereotype. Prior to being taken down after an injunction was issued by a US District Court, the website touted ISIS and the “myrters” [sic for “martyrs”] who carried out terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, and featured a section entitled “teaching children to be martyrs” depicting youngsters carrying assault rifles and marching under the ISIS flag.

The only substantive clue regarding the identity of the website’s creator was a “press” link to a manifesto composed by an individual referring to himself as “Commander X.” Supposedly a lifetime resident of Wheaton who has expatriated to a “Scandinavian country,” the author expressed outrage “that the local Wheaton government, a critical number of Wheaton College professors and so many Christian Churches have been co-opted by the radical left and their open immigration agenda.” He also praised Donald Trump for provoking public discussion over the immigration and refugee policy by proposing a ban on allowing Muslims into the United States.

The imposture wasn’t known to representatives of the Wheaton mosque until they received a visit from a police detective who asked questions about its content.

“An email went out last week to local officials with an ICW signature pointing recipients to the fake website,” explained a statement on the mosque’s authentic website. “The email made it to the local Wheaton Police Department, who in turn contacted ICW for notification and clarification.”

“Our first concern was, `Is this our Islamic center putting this out?’ and we quickly found out it wasn’t,’” explained Wheaton Police Chief Jim Volpe to the Daily Herald newspaper.

Advertisment

In addition to misrepresenting both the ICW and the faith it represents, the spurious website “is also making mockery of Christians who are interacting with ICW,” complained the statement from the mosque. Far from being an insular, secretive terrorist training academy, the ICW has been transparent with the local community and prominently involved in interfaith outreach efforts.

The congregation, which numbers roughly 700 people, purchased an abandoned Assembly of God Church building in Wheaton roughly two years ago, becoming “what is believed to be the city’s first Islamic institution,” reported the Chicago Tribune.

“Wheaton is a city of faith, and we’re very privileged to be able to establish an Islamic community for Wheaton and especially for the western suburbs,” said Abraham Antar, a spokesman for the mosque, who expressed regret that the Assembly of God congregation “lost their opportunity to stay here.” He also expressed delight that the new facility “really presents us with an opportunity to bridge the relationship with all congregations within the area.”

Sarah Britton Miller, who attended a Friday service at the ICW mosque as a spectator roughly a year ago, recounts a sermon that did precisely what many American critics of Islam frequently demand: It condemned terrorism in general, and ISIS in particular, as a violation of the tenets of that religion.

Referring to the depredations committed by those who kill and terrorize others while invoking Islam, the Imam paraphrased a familiar verse from the Quran: “If you kill a soul, in my eyes you kill all of humanity. If you save a soul, you save all of humanity.”

“Before I know it, he has launched into a discussion of the very issue that [a Muslim academic had discussed] the day before,” recalled Miller. “Growing more and more forceful, he decries the evil and injustice done by groups like ISIS. He says, `People need to see the mercy of Allah…Are we living true to the mercy of Allah?’”

During a communal meal following the worship service, Miller asked the Imam “to explain some of the frustrations he expressed earlier in the prayer service. He gives me the following metaphor: If you take one part of your body—your toe or your ear or your arm—and you blow it up, expanding it until it is bigger than the body itself, you get a very strange looking person.”

In similar fashion, continued the cleric, the image of Islam “has been twisted and distorted until it is no longer a true depiction.”

I have no idea who they are,” the Imam said, referring to ISIS and similar groups. “How can you call yourself a Muslim when you violate the fundamental truths of Islam?”

Writing in The American Conservative, Alan Jacobs observes that his friends who attend Wheaton College “know that the people who worship at the Islamic Center of Wheaton are their neighbors, and Christians are supposed to love their neighbors, so … so they show up. They visit. They talk. They bring their children.”

The creation of the fake ICW website, Jacobs contends, is not merely an attack on the character, integrity, and – at least implicitly – the religious liberty of Muslims in Wheaton, but by derivation an attempt to defame their Christian neighbors: “Christians from the Wheaton community who have befriended their Muslim neighbors are being smeared, along with those neighbors, as advocates of murder and terror.”

Noah Toly, a Wheaton resident who has attended events at the mosque, was stunned to find that the ersatz website had published photos of himself and his children along with doctored images of his Muslim neighbors.

“The photo makes it seem like you’re trying to inflame people against us now, too,” wrote Toly in an open letter to the website’s creator. “You’ve doctored the photo a bit, though, including a couple of menacing, masked, and armed men, as well as a poster or something that seems vaguely threatening toward Israel. But you haven’t doctored it the way I would want. You see, I look a bit wider than I normally do, because I’ve got my arms up around the shoulders of my neighbors. If I were doctoring it, I’d totally slip a new photo in — something slimming. It’s not like I’m skinny, but we could get something svelter.”

Toly ended his note with an invitation to buy the perpetrator a beer if he would be willing to “tell me all about why you did this.” Besides, he added, “If you meet me for a beer and a chat, I won’t sue your pants off when the FBI finds you.”

Given that the FBI is much better at choreographing bogus terrorist plots than solving actual terrorism-related crimes, it’s doubtful that the creator of the malicious website is intimidated by the thought that the G-men are on his trail.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38631,"Video shows a cop ignoring repeated cries for help — going so far as to tell the victim to ""go f__k herself"" — all the while flirting with his girlfriend instead.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95558,"Juror Betsy Vennemann said after the verdict, “We wanted to make a statement that this kind of behavior will not be tolerated.”

Capt. David Wilson won $$7,500 in compensatory damages and $$10,000 in punitive damages. Jurors, including a nun, said they went easy on the defendant, Officer Todd Greeves, because he has a family and they weren’t sure who would pay the bill.

Wilson testified that the Robertson Fire Protection District truck was parked in a way to protect rescuers working to free a victim from wreckage along Interstate 270 at McDonnell Boulevard.

Advertisment

Greeves ordered that the truck be moved to accommodate passing traffic and arrested Wilson for ignoring him. Wilson was released after 23 minutes and never charged. He sued, claiming civil rights violations that opened him to anxiety and humiliation.

Greeves told the court the truck was creating a hazard and not adding to safety at the scene.

Jurors interviewed after the verdict said their feeling about Greeves was reinforced during the punitive phase of the trial, when they heard there had been other complaints about him. An internal affairs investigation determined that Greeves used excessive force in a 2002 arrest, court documents show, and was the subject of several other complaints.

Before Wednesday’s deliberations, U.S. Magistrate Judge Mary Ann Medler had already ruled that Greeves had no probable cause to arrest Wilson, who she said had state law on his side. She also dismissed the city of Hazelwood as a defendant.

“The whole police and fire communities have been watching this case,” said Bevis Schock, one of Wilson’s lawyers. “Everybody wanted to know who controls the fire scene.”

Greeves’ lawyer, Peter Dunne, said he was disappointed in the verdict and the discussion of the other complaints against Greeves. Dunne also said it was unfair to suggest that Greeves did not care about the firefighters’ safety.

Dunne said that the city’s insurance would not pay for the costs and that the issue is “complicated.” Schock said he thinks the insurance probably would pay the compensatory damages, and possibly the punitive. Also at issue is payment of unspecified lawyers’ fees.

Source.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96038,"Last week we reported on a historic study that will be presented at the American Academy of Neurology in April. 10,000 neurologists from around the world will have a chance to see the remarkable effectiveness of using a cannabis extract called cannabidiol (CBD) to treat seizures.

As medical science explores this pathway and state governments continue to decriminalize medical cannabis, people across the country are already using CBD oil to ease the suffering of their children.

A video uploaded to Facebook provides a powerful look into the real-world application of this amazing medicine.

Advertisment

11-year-old Cyndimae is having a seizure, as she has had thousands of times since birth due to Dravet Syndrome. Her mother can be seen rubbing cannabis oil between Cyndimae’s lip and gums, as she whispers words of encouragement.

After administering the oil, Cyndimae struggles to catch her breath as the mother places an oxygen mask over her mouth. And then, as the video describes:

“A minute or two later the cannabis oil gets into her system and her seizure is under control. She begins to breathe.”

The video is both heart-wrenching and inspirational. We see the struggle that thousands of children and parents go through every day, and the miraculous treatment that can ease their suffering.

In states where all forms of cannabis are still outlawed, such as Kansas, parents are becoming criminals so they can give this treatment to their children. Rules and regulations become inconsequential when your child’s quality of life is at stake.

With scientific evidence confirming the effectiveness of CBD oil for seizures, governments that stand in the way of this medicine are themselves the criminals.

The study mentioned above was a clinical trial performed at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, the largest of its kind to date. 90 percent of patients experienced “some improvement” under the CBD oil regime, while 50 percent of patients had more than a 50 percent reduction in seizures.

Dr. Jerzy Szaflarski, principal investigator, said:

“Many patients or families report to us that the patient or their child is more attentive and more interested in their environment, which is something that is very important in addition to seizure control or improved seizure control that these patients have positive, rather than negative, cognitive effects of the treatment. The majority of the seizure medications that are on the market have some negative effects of cognition. Here, we observe something to be different.”

It is time for drug war fanatics in state legislative bodies to give up their Reefer Madness mindset and open the door to medical cannabis.

The video below exposes those who continue to arrest and cage people for this extraordinary medicine as archaic villains in a modern world.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55753,"As states across the country struggle to combat the alarming death toll resulting from the opioid epidemic, a new study is showing that the percentage of opioid-related deaths actually decreased in one state, after it legalized cannabis.

In a recently published research study in a peer-reviewed journal, Melvin D. Livingston, Tracey E. Barnett, Chris Delcher, and Alexander C. Wagenaar, set out to see if any association existed between Colorado’s legalization of marijuana and opioid-related deaths in the state.

The researchers looked at all of the available data from the year 2000 to the year 2015. What they discovered may come as a shock to many. While the rest of the nation struggles with a burgeoning fatal opioid and heroin overdose crisis, the State of Colorado saw opioid deaths reduced while its population exploded.

It has long been stated that cannabis is a “gateway” drug, which leads users to experiment with other drugs, leading up to the most deadly, such as heroin. But the researchers in the study published in the American Journal of Public Health found that the availability of safe and legal cannabis actually reduced opiate deaths:

Advertisment

“Colorado’s legalization of recreational cannabis sales and use resulted in a 0.7 deaths per month…reduction in opioid-related deaths. This reduction represents a reversal of the upward trend in opioid-related deaths in Colorado.”

The researchers concluded, “Legalization of cannabis in Colorado was associated with short-term reductions in opioid-related deaths.”

There was a significant statistical decrease in opiate deaths in the two years immediately following the state’s decision to legalize marijuana for recreational use in the year 2012.

“After Colorado’s legalization of recreational cannabis sale and use, opioid-related deaths decreased more than 6% in the following 2 years.”

The study’s authors admit their research is made weaker by the fact that recreational cannabis is not legal nationwide. If it was, their methods and conclusions could be compared with research from other states where cannabis is legal.

They also admit that while cannabis has been legalized for recreational use in eight states and the District of Columbia, consuming cannabis does come with some risks as well, which must be studied. But the contribution to the discussion of whether or not cannabis should be legalized in all 50 states has been made and the researchers are confident in their methods of data collection as well as the results and conclusions they’ve drawn.

“Although we found an apparent public health benefit in a reduction in opioid-related deaths following recreational cannabis legalization in Colorado, we note that expanded legalized cannabis use is also associated with significant potential harms.”

In other words, there are side effects with any drug consumed, both natural and chemical. However, as The Free Thought Project has reported on numerous occasions, cannabis is statistically, exponentially safer than any available opiate on the market. There was a 21 percent increase in drug-related deaths in 2016. Out of the nearly 65,000 Americans who died—more than the number of casualties from the Vietnam War—75 percent were opioid-related deaths and 0 percent were cannabis-related deaths.

Last week, we brought you the story CBS’ 60 Minutes aired that revealed high-ranking DEA officials blew the whistle on the pain-killer pipeline of manufacturers and distributors, who illegally and unscrupulously distributed the dangerous and deadly prescription drugs to millions of Americans without repercussions. Instead of complying with the law, the drug companies simply recruited the DEA’s top lawyers to help craft legislation that would effectively tie the hands of the DEA’s enforcement division known as the “Diversion” unit.

When that happened, the DEA no longer had the power to financially fine the distributors for sending truckloads of opiates to counties with very few inhabitants. In other words, the distributors were supplying street-level dealers via a “legal” pipeline.

This week, President Trump announced that he would be declaring the opiate death dilemma a “national emergency.” New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was tapped by Trump earlier this year to explore ways to curb opioid abuse and overdoses. His committee’s first recommendation was to declare the phenomena a “national emergency,” but Trump’s cabinet and opiate commission have made troubling statements indicating that not only do they believe there is a pharmaceutical and monetary answer to the problem of opiate deaths, but there is a need for law enforcement to carry on its failed “War on Drugs.”

Christie’s commission concluded government healthcare programs should pay for opiate treatment (such as methadone clinics) and make Naloxone (Narcan) available to families across the country. Trump’s Attorney General Jeff Sessions believes police can manage the crisis. His head-in-the-sand type statements lead many to believe he is just going to carry on with business as usual. He’s recently made the following statements:

“Robust enforcement of our laws helps keep drugs out of our country, decreases their availability, drives up their price, and reduces their purity,” Sessions said.

President Trump later echoed Sessions’ sentiments earlier this years. “Strong law enforcement is absolutely vital to having a drug-free society,” he said. “I’m confident that by working with our health care and law enforcement experts we will fight this deadly epidemic and the United States will win.”

However, those baseless statements are a reminder that nothing the federal government is planning to do to end the opioid crisis will actually work. While Sessions and Trump may not be ready to acknowledge it, the times are changing. Even Dr. Oz admitted, “medical marijuana might offer an option to help prevent you from ever getting opioids in the first place, and maybe help in getting you off of them.”

As TFTP reported in August, a first of its kind study was published that shows undeniable evidence of the ability of cannabis to treat opioid addiction by actively working to block the opioid reward in the brain.

If cannabis can reduce opioid-related deaths in Colorado by nearly 7 percent, at a time when the state’s population was rapidly increasing, then other states should start paying attention to the indications from research and should consider legalizing cannabis as an option to combat the ongoing opioid epidemic.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
82012,"Bakersfield, CA — In the Land of the Free, walking across the street can be deadly — not necessarily because of the danger of getting hit by a car either — because police will beat or kill you for it.

A video submitted to a local news station this week shows exactly how dangerous crossing the street in a police state can be.

On Tuesday, ABC 23 in Bakersfield, California received a video of multiple Bakersfield Police Department officers using batons and tasers to bring down a mentally ill man for the heinous crime of jaywalking.

When police witnessed the man walk across the street, they targeted him for extortion. Not wanting to be extorted, the man tried to evade police. This interaction ended with the man being severely beaten and hospitalized.

Advertisment

Of course, people will immediately say that if police didn’t ticket people for jaywalking then people would be run over all the time. However, this is simply not true. People get hit by cars for not paying attention, not because crossing the street in random places is legal.

Also, in the video below, no one was protected from being hit by a car, and it is arguable that police did more damage to this man than if he would’ve been hit by an actual car.

ABC 23 spoke with Sgt. Gary Carruesco from the Bakersfield Police Department, who, predictably, claimed that the use of force by his fellow officers was justified in this instance — noting that the cast on their victim’s arm was a potentially deadly threat.

Carruesco said that the officers are trained to keep themselves from being injured and with him flailing around they had to use the tools they’re equipped with to overcome his level of resistance, reports ABC 23.

“The problem with force is that it’s ugly no matter what level it’s at,” Carruesco said. “Officers are concerned about the safety of the citizens around as well as their own safety.”

It is important to note that no one was in danger prior to the cops approaching the man for jaywalking. There was no victim created by a man walking across the street — not to mention that he made it across safely, only to be beaten by cops.

This insanely violent response from police for crossing the street is the epitome of the divide in America today that continues to grow between the police and the policed. This is not how you treat people.

To justify his officers’ response to beating this man, Carruesco explained that officers need to make split-second decisions when it comes to the amount of force they use. However, they failed in this regard, as the appropriate amount of force to use against an unarmed man for crossing the street — is none.

Simply take a look through our archives to witness the ridiculous nature of police officers collecting revenue from those who’d dare to cross the street outside of two state-sanctioned white lines.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
91194,"Waterloo, ON — Waterloo Regional Police officer, Craig Markham was criminally charged and convicted of breach of trust in October of 2012. However, he was not fired because he appealed the ruling and, instead, was placed on paid administrative leave. For the next three years, Markham continued to draw his $$90,348 annual salary — he would never work another day.

Markham was so grateful to his former employers that he wrote a letter enthusiastically thanking them for his years-long paid vacation.

“I am very thankful and fortunate to have received such a nice gift from WRPS over the last three years. You have opened up other doors for me and have paid me to sit back and watch. What a dream come true,” Craig Markham wrote in an email on March 27 addressed to the police service’s solicitor.

Advertisment

His letter apparently agitated Police Chief Bryan Larkin, who called Markham’s letter a mockery of the judicial system.

“He (Markham) mocks what is supposed to be a fair and judicial system,” Larkin said in an interview.

However, the real mockery of the judicial system is a cop who can be convicted of a crime, only to be given a paid three-year vacation.

“It sends a bad message to the community,” Larkin said.

“More importantly, it harms and takes away from the incredible work of the 760 officers who are out there every day putting their lives at risk.”

“It’s an abuse of system and I believe the system needs to be changed,” Larkin said.

Oddly enough, Markham was serious when he wrote the letter, and is upset that Larkin made it public.

“I think it’s disgusting that Bryan Larkin released my email,” Markham told the Police Services Board meeting on Wednesday. “He is using me as a scapegoat.”

In the email, Markham explained how nice it was to receive his full pay and benefits without having to work.

“So really I was in no rush. Timing couldn’t have been better,” said Markham, who then said he had been “down south” playing golf and “hanging out on the beach using some of that WRPS sick bank payout.”

Markham’s words, while claimed as offensive by his superiors in public, likely resonate with cops across the country who enjoy the luxury of paid vacations while being investigated for their criminal behavior.

Standard procedure, even for cops who kill unarmed people on video, is suspension which is often paid. No other profession in the world offers the option of drawing a paycheck after your employers catch you committing a crime, outside of the state.

Markham’s letter should serve as a wake-up call to those who think that all cops get into the profession to serve and protect. This is incorrect, as we have proven time and again. Many of these cops get in the profession because it grants them a license to break the law with impunity, all the while collecting a taxpayer-funded pension.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95392,"As a parent watching your child suffer with uncontrollable bouts of epileptic seizures, is there anything you wouldn’t do to make it stop? Would asinine state laws based on primitive mentalities prevent you from giving your child an effective treatment?

“My goal for him is to hear his voice…to hear him talk. We just want him to be happy,” says one parent in this heart-wrenching video.

A particular strain of cannabis oil is showing remarkable benefits for children with severe epilepsy. This plant extract, manufactured under laboratory conditions, is high in CBD (cannabidiol)—a non-psychoactive ingredient—and low in THC (tetrahydrocannabinol). It does not get kids high.

Advertisment

Despite the proven medicinal benefits of marijuana and its derivatives, 14 states and the federal government are stuck in the Reefer Madness era. In those 14 states, parents can be jailed for administering cannabis oil and have their child taken away.

The fact that cannabis oil is classified as a Schedule 1 drug under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act means that clinical research is made extremely difficult, delaying this promising treatment for children. Since long-term uncontrolled seizures can cause continued regression, intellectual disability, and even death, the government’s prohibition is downright immoral.

“This is more than just make it so that he doesn’t have seizures anymore. I want him back. I want him to thrive and live and enjoy us. And if a plant can do that why do we object?” asks another parent.

While we wait for government to join the 21st century, CBD-rich cannabis oil is being used as an effective alternative to chemical medication, surgery, and neurostimulation with electrodes. These “accepted” treatments do not always work for severe epilepsy, so it is no surprise when desperate parents turn to a plant extract.

Dr. Linda Laux of the Lurie Children’s Hospital described the astonishing benefits of cannabis oil treatment on severely epileptic children: “Some of the kids clearly became more verbal, better coordination. I had one child who started walking while they were using the medication.”

The parent who just wanted to hear her child’s voice was flooded with emotion: “We instantly saw results. He was smiling again. We noticed the decrease in seizures. He was able to transition. At this point, he was finally able to gain cognitive skills.”

It is past time for government to get out of the way of medical advancement. End the prohibition of a plant that could ease the suffering of millions.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104537,"Police in states across the U.S. have increasingly been employing new methods to search unsuspecting motorists’ vehicles. First came the DUI checkpoints, then the insurance checkpoints, and driver’s license checkpoints. Now, in the Land of the Free, a growing new trend is emerging — Americans will be forced to go through “firewood” checkpoints.

The public reasoning for these checkpoints is state firewood quarantine programs, which prohibits residents of the invasive insect-infected areas, to transport untreated firewood outside that area. While these programs are meant to prevent the spread of the emerald ash borer, a legitimately destructive beetle that targets ash trees, they clearly disregard constitutional guarantees against illegal search and seizure.

Ohio police have been setting up ‘firewood’ checkpoints to search motorists’ vehicles since 2004, with violators potentially facing fines up to $$10,000 if they’re caught with the banned firewood, according to the Daily Jefferson. In Michigan, police have been using ‘firewood’ checkpoints since at least 2005, and the list of states using them is growing.

In New Hampshire, traveling with contraband firewood could result in a fine of $$250, confiscation of the wood, and misdemeanor charges for subsequent offenses, according to forest ranger Douglas Miner.

Advertisment

Just last week, the New Hampshire Department of Resources and Economic Development announced that it would police firewood transport with roadside checkpoints over Memorial Day weekend.

In typical police checkpoint fashion, Miner said he’s legally unable to divulge the locations of the checkpoints — as that wouldn’t allow for enough revenue generating potential.

“It is a similar process to follow as when DWI checkpoints are announced,” he said. “Essentially they are usually adjacent to major roads where signage directs vehicles with firewood to pull off into designated areas for inspection. If the firewood is found to be in violation of the quarantine, it will be confiscated and either a written warning or court summons issued.”

The problem is these stops are often simply a pretext for police to engage in fishing expeditions and revenue-generating behavior.

While the U.S. Supreme Court has held that DUI checkpoints are constitutional, without reasonable articulable suspicion of a crime being committed, police have absolutely no legal grounds to detain or arrest someone. In fact, existing case law actually requires law enforcement to have a reasonable suspicion of criminal activity for police to even require someone to show their identification.

And while the checkpoint stop itself has been granted legitimacy by the Supreme Court, the fact that there is no established reasonable suspicion of criminal activity means that a person being forced to stop at the checkpoint is under no obligation to present an identification or ID themselves.

Of course, while you are well within your rights to refuse to present identification during a checkpoint stop, you would be well advised to record the interaction as law enforcement notoriously responds to a failure to obey their commands with escalation, and often violence, which can quickly turn into a dangerous situation.

Giving an indication of the current police state we are living under, the Mass PrivateI blog reports that there are now THIRTEEN different types of checkpoints being employed by law enforcement.

Thirteen police checkpoints:

DUI

Super Bowl

DUI/Pedestrian

License/Registration

Safety Belt

Bus Checkpoint

DNA

Escaped Fugitive

Pot Breathalyzer

Heroin

Drug Testing

Firewood Checkpoint

Boater Sobriety Checkpoint

Let’s be clear — the ‘firewood’ checkpoint has very little, if anything, to do with public safety.

This ever-expanding list of checkpoints is clearly about giving law enforcement the ability to illegally search more vehicles and have contact with more innocent drivers who have done nothing wrong.

A ‘firewood’ checkpoint is simply a pretext to randomly search vehicles, and a precursor to even more intrusion by the police state, into the lives of innocent and unsuspecting Americans.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104258,"New York, NY — Stephanie Dorceant and her girlfriend Nandi Allman were on their way home from a concert when their world would be turned upside down.

In the early morning hours of July 11, Dorceant and Allman were cheerfully walking home when a plainclothes man bumped into Dorceant from behind, according to Dorceant. The man in plainclothes was off-duty NYPD officer, Salvator Aquino.

Advertisment

In a statement written for her attorney, Dorceant explains what happened next:

On July 11th I was in Brooklyn, where I live and work, heading from a concert with my girlfriend when, out of nowhere a large man bumped me from behind. I asked him if he was ok. He then barked at me, and I will quote: “mind your own business you fucking dyke.” Hen then attacked me, punched me in the face a number of times, choked me and called me several more anti-gay slurs. When he had his hands around my neck I truly thought I was going to die. I could not breathe. The only way I could get him to stop attacking me and my girlfriend was to bite him. When other police officers showed up I thought we were saved. That was not the case. It turned out that this man was an off-duty police officer. Instead of helping me and my girlfriend and arresting our attacker, more officers piled on top of me, slamming me onto the pavement and putting their knees on my neck, shoulders, and back. They then put us both into handcuffs and threw us into a holding cell in the precinct. After being processed at the precinct I was taken to the hospital, and then to central bookings. At my arraignment, they said that I had assaulted the cop and that I had used racial slurs. Even though I have no record, and their story was a complete lie, bail was set and I ended up at Riker’s Island. My attacker has still not been charged or arrested. Even though I am well aware of the many stories about police brutality, especially against blacks, Hispanics, and the LGBT community, I never really thought that this could happen to me. I want to share my story and say that police brutality is a real thing. Hate crimes are a real thing. Both of these things happened to me. Enough is enough.

According to the police version of events, however, Aquino claims the two women were arguing as he was walking to his car. Aquino claims that when he and Dorceant bumped into to each other, this tiny woman began attacking him and “punched him in the face.”

Aquino said that as he was trying to arrest Dorceant, she resisted and “proceeded to bite [Aquino] repeatedly about the arms, chest, finger, and torso, breaking [Aquino’s] skin.”

Dorceant and Allman maintain that Aquino’s version of the story is nothing but lies and maintain that they were cheerfully laughing when they bumped into Aquino.

Both women are small and would have posed no threat to the officer, said Dorceant’s lawyer, Benjamin Zeman.

According to the Huffington Post, during the arraignment in court Saturday, according to Dorceant, prosecutors read aloud a statement from Aquino saying he was concerned he “might have HIV” from her bites. (She has since taken an HIV test; the results were negative, she said Thursday.)

The NYPD says it is now investigating the claims against Aquino to determine if disciplinary action is required. A separate investigation by the civil rights Bureau of the Brooklyn district attorney’s office is also underway to determine if the incident was a possible hate crime.

Dorceant and Allman believe Aquino should “absolutely” be charged with a hate crime.

Attorneys for Dorceant are confident that the felony charges of assault, as well as charges for menacing, resisting arrest, and harassment, will all be dropped. Dorceant is planning civil action against the NYPD as well.

A friend of the couple has started a crowdfunding page to pay for Dorceant’s legal fees. As of Monday, they are half way to the goal of $$8,000.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102897,"April 18, 2014

Advertisment

On March 30, Taxi Cab Driver Dawn Bourgeois was detained by Santa Fe Police Officer, Jose Gutierrez. According to an attorney hired by Bourgeois, what happened next is ‘disturbing.’

She committed no crime and certainly didn’t commit a crime for which he takes her to the ground, beat her up, black her eye, and they charge her with resisting or obstructing,” said Tom Clark.

According to the police report Gutierrez pulled Bourgeois over for a traffic violation.

Bourgeois, knowing that she had done nothing wrong expressed her anger with the officer. At that point Gutierrez said he tried to “detain her for safety reasons.” At which point she was beaten by Gutierrez, as seen in the video.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102434,"In 2013, Professor Lance Dehaven-Smith—in a peer-reviewed book published by the University of Texas Press—showed that the term “conspiracy theory” was developed by the CIA as a means of undercutting critics of the Warren Commission’s report that President Kennedy was killed by Oswald. The use of this term was heavily promoted in the media by the CIA. And—up until recently—it has served its purpose.

Now, however, in 2017, those who were once called “conspiracy theorists” are being vindicated as they watched instance after instance get exposed all year long. To be clear, we are not talking about outlandish, unprovable, and off the wall theories that completely lack evidence. We are talking about well-researched cases that were deliberately dismissed and ridiculed by the mainstream as a means of oppressing the information and protecting the establishment.

Ironically enough, 2017 is the year the conspiracy theorists were proven right as the mainstream media and government began pushing wild conspiracy theories without evidence to back them up.

To show just how vindicated the well-informed are, below is a list of the top 10 conspiracy theories that were proven as real in 2017.

1. Hollywood and the political elite have been exposed for their rampant and horrifying sex abuse against men, women, and children alike

Just last year, as good people tried to point out that although Pizzagate may not have taken place in some restaurant in DC, the idea of sex abuse among the elite was no laughing matter. However, anyone who mentioned sex abuse among the elite was scoffed at and ridiculed by those in the mainstream.

This ridicule was in spite of the fact that the former speaker of the house admitted to raping multiple little boys and was sentenced to prison last year. This ridicule was also in spite of the fact that whistleblowers have been shouting from the mountain tops about the rampant abuse—for decades—only to have their cries fall on deaf ears.

This year, however, it was different. With Harvey Weinstein as the catalyst, former victims came forward and began publicly naming their abusers and even getting the police involved. The American people also learned that their ostensible representation in D.C. was spending millions to silence the victims of their apparent uncontrollable sex abuse.

No longer will companies like Disney be able to hire convicted pedophiles as the world looks the other way—nor will sicko politicians be allowed the immunity to rape and pillage as they see fit. 2017 will be known as the year the victims fought back.

Advertisment

2. Weather modification just jumped from “chemtrail” conspiracy theory into mainstream reality, as Congress began holding hearings on geoengineering

Geoengineering is finally going mainstream as the U.S. House Subcommittee on Environment and Subcommittee on Energy Hearing, in November, held the first House hearing about the science that until now has generally been considered a “conspiracy theory” and relegated to the fringe’s of society by the Praetorian Guard mainstream media — controlled by the ruling power-elite oligarchy.

The controversial subject of climate engineering or weather modification – which was popularized, and oversimplified with the term “chem-trails” – is stepping from the shadows and into the light of public scrutiny for the first time.

The congressional hearing, titled “Geoengineering: Innovation, Research, and Technology,” was attended by members of the House committees as well as representatives of think tanks, academics, and researcher scientists to discuss the future of geoengineering research.

During the first hearing, the potential need to set up a regulatory structure within which experiments would be allowed, at a set scale, was discussed. Now, those who deny the fact that government is involved in geoengineering will be the conspiracy theorists.

3. 20,000 documents were released in August proving the EPA conspired with chemical companies to unleash deadly toxic substances on the public

Highly toxic chemical compounds made by Dow, Monsanto, DuPont and other companies were being developed and marketed in ever greater quantities, and federal agencies were rubber-stamping their approval based on fraudulent safety testing.

The Poison Papers reveal that, instead of acting to protect the public and reassess the chemicals, EPA held a secret meeting with chemical companies to assure them that their products would continue being sold.

The secret meeting between EPA and chemical companies is the most poignant example of a long history of collusion at the expense of human and environmental health.

4. US media giant Sally Quinn admitted she practiced the occult to murder people—and she was praised for it

Although her husband Ben Bradlee died in 2014—who was good friends with former President John F. Kennedy, and executive editor of the Washington Post from 1968 to 1991—Quinn has since taken the time to give insight into the glamorous life lived by the media’s royal couple. Some of the practices she describes are ones that would normally be written off as crazy conspiracy theories by outlets such as their beloved Washington Post.

However, WaPost actually praised it.

In her latest publication titled, “Finding Magic: A Spiritual Memoir,” Quinn reveals that she believes she has killed at least three people in her lifetime. She claims that while she did not harm anyone physically, she believes strongly in the occult, and has used hexes on people who got on her bad side.

Seriously.

5. Mainstream media finally admitted the United States has been aiding terrorists in Syria

In November, the BBC released a bombshell report confirming that the US and Syrian Defense Forces knowingly aided thousands of ISIS fighters.

According to the bombshell BBC report:

The BBC has uncovered details of a secret deal that let hundreds of Islamic State fighters and their families escape from Raqqa, under the gaze of the US and British-led coalition and Kurdish-led forces who control the city. A convoy included some of IS’s most notorious members and – despite reassurances – dozens of foreign fighters. Some of those have spread out across Syria, even making it as far as Turkey.

Then in December, an investigation concluded that 97 percent of the weapons used by the Islamic State were supplied illegally by the U.S. and Saudi Arabia.

The weapons and ammunition were originally purchased by the United States and Saudi Arabia and then distributed to rebel groups. While the U.S. claimed to be fighting ISIS, the fact is that ISIS was one of the Syrian rebel groups opposing Assad, and as the report noted, nearly all of their weapons came from those purchased by the U.S. and Saudi Arabia.

6. The Federal Reserve bank was exposed in June to be a working arm of US Intelligence

Confidential accounts within the Federal Reserve have been used by the U.S. Treasury and other departments “several times a year to analyze the asset holdings of the central banks of Russia, China, Iraq, Turkey, Yemen, Libya and others,” according to a report from Reuters that cites more than a dozen current and former senior U.S. officials.

“The U.S. central bank keeps a tight lid on information contained in these accounts. But according to the officials interviewed by Reuters, U.S. authorities regularly use a ‘need to know’ confidentiality exception in the Fed’s service contracts with foreign central banks.”

7. Declassified document proved the conspiracy that the CIA planned and carried out the 1953 Iranian Coup

The newly declassified documents, titled “Foreign Relations of the United States, 1952-1954, Iran, 1951–1954,” provide a notable difference from the State Department’s 1989 version of the coup, which left out any involvement from American and British intelligence.

A memorandum from Director of Central Intelligence Allen Dulles to President Eisenhower, dated March 1, 1953, serves as a reminder that internally, “the elimination of Mossadeq by assassination or otherwise,” was used as a method in repairing ties with Iran, restoring oil negotiations, and stopping a “Communist takeover.”

8. Billionaire elitists openly admit to Ingesting the blood of young children

Once the talk of conspiracy theorists — the rich ingesting the blood of the young to foster longevity — is now a reality and an actual business in the United States. Not only is it a business but billionaires are actually admitting their interest in it.

As Vanity Fair reports, Ambrosia, which buys its blood from blood banks, now has about 100 paying customers. Some are Silicon Valley technologists—like Peter Thiel, the billionaire co-founder of PayPal and adviser to Donald Trump.

9. CIA drug trafficking conspiracy was blown wide open in an explosive History Channel series

A&E Networks addressed the government’s role in the drug war in a four-part documentary series on the History Channel, titled, “America’s War on Drugs.”

“America’s War on Drugs” is an immersive trip through the last five decades, uncovering how the CIA, obsessed with keeping America safe in the fight against communism, allied itself with the mafia and foreign drug traffickers. In exchange for support against foreign enemies, the groups were allowed to grow their drug trade in the United States.

10. Mainstream science showed Vitamin C’s ability to fight cancer

According to researchers from the University of Iowa, ascorbate, derived from Vitamin C, was successfully observed increasing hydrogen peroxide levels in cancer cells, which in turn had a toxic result with cancer cells, killing the cancer cells in lab rats yet not damaging normal cells in the process. The researchers concluded that Vitamin C might, indeed, be lethal to some cancers.

According to the scientists, “These results indicate that an in vivo measurement of catalase activity in tumors may predict which cancers will respond to pharmacological ascorbate therapy.” Once the exact cancers are identified, which are killed by vitamin C, the researchers concluded, “this information can also be used in finding combination therapies that may increase the efficacy of treatment for those tumors with higher catalase activities.” In other words, extremely high doses of the Vitamin C derivative may potentially be added to conventional cancer therapies to help kill more cancer cells.

In 2017, the world has learned that truth is indeed stranger than fiction as the light continues to shine into the darkness. With all the proven conspiracies in 2017, we can’t help but remain optimistic for 2018 to become the year the world begins to wake up.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
39851,"Cleveland police said on Wednesday that conveniently, they never reviewed the Independence file and changed their policies to include checking publicly available records for potential hires.

Cleveland, Ohio – Last month, we reported that a police officer shot a young boy for playing in a park with a toy gun just seconds after exiting his vehicle.

The video footage to surface after the incident showed absolutely no restraint on the part of Cleveland patrol officer Timothy Loehmann, who fired the shot that killed young Tamir Rice.

In the weeks following the murder, a number of disturbing details have surfaced showing that this tragedy could have been prevented.

Advertisment

A quick look into the history of officer Timothy Loehmann, shows that he has a short and troubled past with police work. In fact, Loemann was actually terminated from his last job as a police officer, because they did not think that he was mentally capable, or mature enough for the job. He was let go by the City of Independence Police Department in December of 2012, and then was quickly rehired with the Cleveland Police Department in March of this year.

Cleveland police said on Wednesday that conveniently, they never reviewed the Independence file and changed their policies to include checking publicly available records for potential hires.

The termination from his previous job was tied to an emotional breakdown that he had at the firing range during training. The police memo filed after his termination describes the emotional breakdown that Loemann had on the firing range that day.

According to the police memo, which was obtained by The Guardian:

“During a state range qualification course, Ptl Loehmann was distracted and weepy. [Loehmann] could not follow simple directions, could not communicate clear thoughts nor recollections, and his handgun performance was dismal. Sgt Tinnirello tried to work through this with Ptl Loehmann by giving him some time. But, after some talking it was clear to Sgt Tinnirello that the recruit was just not mentally prepared to be doing firearm training …Ptl Loehmann continued with his emotional meltdown to a point where Sgt Tinnirello could not take him into the store, so they went to get something to eat and he continued to try and calm Ptl Loehmann. Sgt Tinnirello describes the recruit as being very downtrodden, melancholy with some light crying. Sgt Tinnirello later found this emotional perplexity was due to a personal issue with Ptl Loehmann’s on and off again girlfriend whom he was dealing with till 0400 hrs the night before. (Pti Loehmann was scheduled for 0800 the morning in question).”

The memo concluded that:

“Due to this dangerous loss of composure during live range training and his inability to manage this personal stress, I do not believe Ptl Loehmann shows the maturity needed to work in our employment. For these reasons, I am recommending he be released from the employment of the city of Independence. I do not believe time, nor training, will be able to change or correct these deficiencies.”

In addition to this breakdown, Loehmann’s supervisor, deputy chief Jim Polak said that Loemann had left his gun unlocked, lied to superiors and failed to follow orders on various occasions.

This lack of emotional maturity and critical thinking capabilities could explain why the officer waited over 4 minutes to provide first-aid to the innocent child.

The police officers involved are claiming that the boy, who they allegedly thought was “about 20,″ pointed the toy gun at them, which put them in fear for their lives, giving them justification to fire the shot.

However, when a young child is walking around in a park with what appears to be a gun, the probability is overwhelming that the “gun” is likely a toy. Any reasonable person would take steps to examine the situation before firing a real weapon at the child.

Surveillance footage of the shooting can be viewed below:

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
80835,"Washington DC – According to a report recently published by the watchdog group “Open the Books,” the US Environmental Protection Agency has been spending millions of dollars on military-style weapons.

The report indicated that over the past decade, the government agency has equipped hundreds of “special agents with anything from guns, body armor, weaponized drones, amphibious assault ships, night-vision gear and other military-style weapons.” The agency reportedly has a “criminal enforcement” budget of $$75 million per year.

Adam Andrzejewski of Open the Books told the Washington Post, “Protecting the environment just got real. With millions of dollars spent on military-style weaponry, the EPA is now literally ensconced with all institutional force.”

Advertisment

“Our report discovered that when the EPA comes knocking they are armed with a thousand lawyers, arrest/criminal data, credit, business and property histories, plus a ‘Special Agent’ with the latest in weaponry and technology,” he added.

According to the EPA’s website, the agency “enforces the nation’s laws by investigating cases, collecting evidence, conducting forensic analyses and providing legal guidance to assist in the prosecution of criminal conduct that threatens people’s health and the environment.”

In addition to the weapons purchases, the report also showed billions of dollars in frivolous expenses in the EPA’s budget.

According to the Post:

The EPA’s military weapons spending is just one example of the agency’s questionable purchases highlighted in the 40-page report. Open the Books, a nonpartisan and nonprofit group based in Illinois, scanned tens of thousands of the agency’s spending contracts totaling more than $$93 billion from 2000 to 2014. Among the findings were hundreds of millions of dollars on high-end office furnishings, sports equipment and “environmental justice” grants to raise awareness of global warming. The report also reveals that seven of 10 EPA employees make more than $$100,000 a year and more than 12,000 of its 16,000 employees were given bonuses last year despite budget cuts.

In the public arena, the EPA is seen as a friendly organization that is here to help the environment, but according to their budget sheet, they don’t look very different from a highly paid military or spy agency.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter-culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work, he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95717,"RT.com

The eight Southern California police officers who mistakenly fired more than 100 shots at a car being driven by two women during a manhunt for suspected cop-killer Christopher Dorner last year will return to the field, officials now say.

Although both the chief of the Los Angeles Police Department and a civilian oversight board agree that eight LAPD officers violated official policy during the one-sided shootout in Torrance, CA last February 7, an internal memorandum obtained by members of the media on Wednesday reveal that those cops will continue to work the streets of Southern California.

Christopher Jordan Dorner.(Reuters / Handout) Advertisment Christopher Jordan Dorner.(Reuters / Handout)

“I have confidence in their abilities as LAPD officers to continue to do their jobs in the same capacity they had been assigned,” Police Chief Charlie Beck said in a department message to officers on Wednesday, according to the Associated Press. “In the end, we as an organization can learn from this incident and from the individuals involved.”

For violating department policy, Beck could have — but declined — to terminate those eight officers, although additional, unnamed disciplinary measures are still on the table, the AP reported on Thursday.

“I appreciate that the officers involved in the incident took action with intent of protecting the ‘target’ and his family; however, the chain of events which unfolded and the extent to which the use of lethal force occurred did not meet my expectations, consequently there were innocent victims wounded,” Beck said.

As RT reported earlier this week, both Beck and a civilian review board independently determined that the eight LAPD officers acted improperly last year when they opened fire at a blue Toyota Tacoma pickup truck presumed to belong to Dorner, a 33-year-old former cop who was suspected of killing four people before being declared dead days later at the end of an intense, multi-state manhunt.

A police officer mistook that vehicle for Dorner’s grey Nissan Titan and then, according to remarks made by Beck during a press conference on Tuesday this week, began shooting when the sound of a newspaper being thrown against the pavement was confused for a gunshot.

Seven other officers then opened fire on the Toyota, injuring both occupants — Margie Carranza, 47, and her 71-year-old mother, Emma Jernandez. They were delivering newspapers at the time of the incident, and were later awarded $$40,000 by the city for a new vehicle and an additional settlement valued at reportedly $$4.2 million.

“While I certainly empathize and understand the conditions and circumstances that led to this particular officer-involved shooting, I hold our police officers to the highest standards in the application of deadly force,” Beck told reporters on Tuesday when the review group’s findings were made public.

Bystanders are escorted from a crime scene while police detectives investigate a shooting incident involving a blue Toyota Tacoma pickup truck in Torrance, California, February 7, 2013.(Reuters / Patrick T. Fallon)

Just hours later, though, the internal memo revealed that those officials involved in the shooting won’t be sent off the street, and instead will be asked to endure additional training and then rejoin their colleagues on patrol.

“I trust that the training will be extensive and the department and officers will move forward from this tragic incident stronger and wiser from the lessons learned,” Steve Soboroff, the president of the civilian Police Commission, told the AP.

Others — including the attorney for the injured women — disagree.

“If either of the women had been killed, you can bet your bottom dollar somebody would be fired and maybe prosecuted,” lawyer Glen Jonas told the AP. “A stroke of luck, firing more than 100 rounds and missing, should not mean the discipline is lighter.”

On Thursday, the editorial board at the Los Angeles Times even objected to the LAPD’s decision to allow those officers back on the street.

“It’s hard to imagine what could justify firing 28 times at two unarmed women, or that an officer capable of such bad judgment could be trusted in the future. But punishing the officers or their superiors should not end this inquiry, which should additionally determine whether those involved grossly ignored their training or whether the training itself was lacking,” the Times’ journalists wrote. “Beck is right to hold officers to the highest standards and to demand accountability when they misuse deadly force. He and the commission need to evaluate possible shortcomings in training or tactical procedures that were exposed by this event.”

Reprinted with permission from RT.com

Feature Image Credit: (Reuters / Alex Gallardo)",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89565,"Pearl Pearson is a 64 year-old diabetic deaf driver who resides in the Oklahoma City area. On the evening of January 3rd, Pearl crossed paths with the wrong cops.

The following is the story according to Pearl Pearson and family of what happened that night:

What’s the story?

At this time, only limited details can be provided since this case is under investigation.

1. The Oklahoma Highway Patrol pulled Pearl over late in the evening on January 3, 2014. Pearl pulled over as he should.

2. Pearl’s driver’s license indicates he is Deaf. He also has a placard in his driver’s door that says, “Driver is deaf”.

Advertisment

3. Pearl pulled over and rolled down his window, expecting an officer to ask for this identification. An officer struck him in the face before Pearl had the chance to do anything. As you can see, he was struck multiple times.

4. An interpreter was never provided while Pearl was under the care of law enforcement. Not during the booking, hospital, or time at the jail was an interpreter provided, even through Pearl requested one.

5. Pearl was left wondering “why” the the entire time. He has no clue why he was beat. Pearl and his family are still not sure, but are ready for some answers.

6. Pearl’s own son is a police officer, as was his son-in-law, who is now a deputy sheriff. He respects law enforcement and knows how to respond when pulled over. There is no reason for someone like Pearl to be hurt like this by those who are meant to protect and serve.

Yelling at a deaf man to put up his hands will not do much, except aggravate an already aggressive police officer. This is a tragic scenario of ignorance and needless escalation of violence.

Eric Foster and Kelton Hayes were the two OHP officers that were involved in what an affidavit claims was a 7 minutes altercation.

Where is the dash cam footage from the units of Eric Foster and Kelton Hayes? Wouldn’t this clear up any inconsistencies in this story?

The two officers have been suspended with pay while the investigation into this incident continues.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89046,"For decades now, federal government and their cohorts in law enforcement have been carrying out theft of the citizenry on a massive scale. We’re not talking about taxes, but an insidious power known as Civil Asset Forfeiture (CAF).

The 1980’s-era laws were designed to drain resources from powerful criminal organizations, but CAF has become a tool for law enforcement agencies across the U.S. to steal money and property from countless innocent people.

No criminal charge is required for this confiscation, resulting in easy inflows of cash for law enforcement departments and the proliferation of abuse. This phenomenon is known as “policing for profit.”

The Free Thought Project has obtained an exclusive interview with Stephen Mills, chief of police at the Apache, Oklahoma police department. Mr. Mills is an outspoken critic of CAF, with appearances at public meetings and well-reasoned opinions.

In our interview, Mr. Mills describes how he was a victim of CAF, despite having no knowledge whatsoever of the alleged crime carried out by another person using his property. Even the most decorated and honorable of employees within law enforcement can fall prey to the scourge of civil asset forfeiture.

The mechanism by which CAF steals money and property from citizens relies on a legal fiction of inanimate responsibility for a crime, based on an archaic legal concept of English monarchy known as “deodand.”

In today’s Republic, CAF circumvents due process and the idea of “innocent until proven guilty.”

Advertisment

“When government agents suspect wrongdoing, they sometimes initiate proceedings against property that is in some way connected with the suspected criminal activity. With respect to drug laws, that can mean the vehicles used to transport drugs and cash, any cash suspected of being derived from drug sales, or even entire homes where drug activity is suspected of taking place. In business regulation, it can mean the seizure of entire business bank accounts based on an agent’s belief that the deposits don’t look right.

The proceedings are allowed to continue even when there isn’t enough evidence of wrongdoing to charge the owner/possessor with a crime. Even where there is a criminal case, an acquittal of all charges doesn’t necessarily mean the person will have their property returned.” – CATO Institute

What this amounts to, in thousands of cases every year, is unbridled theft because a law enforcement agent states a mere belief that the property is involved in a crime.

Even when the owner has no reason to fear a criminal charge, the seized asset is usually left in the hands of authorities because it’s too much trouble to get the property back, often involving steep legal fees. Some people simply fear being targeted by police for wanting their stuff back.

The Department of Justice has swelled its forfeiture fund to billions of dollars since 1980 while state and local law enforcement make hundreds of millions of dollars annually.

In the case of Officer Stephen Mills, his property was seized after an employee used it to commit an alleged crime, even though he knew nothing about it.

While Mr. Mills was in Texas, someone with a truck registered to his name was observed stealing copper wire from an oilfield site. A few days later, sheriff’s deputies arrested an employee of Mr. Mills at his ranch and seized the truck from his carport.

Mr. Mills assumed the truck was taken as evidence and would be returned, but upon calling the sheriff’s department he found that they were seizing the truck under civil asset forfeiture.

“I spoke to several people at the sheriff’s department trying to explain who I was and that it was my truck and not the ranch hand’s. I was told that it wasn’t my truck even if it was registered in my name and the title was in my name. I was told it didn’t matter that I didn’t have anything to do with it since the truck is considered guilty of the crime. I pointed out that I had an absolute innocent owner defense and was told, “How do we know you didn’t have something to do with it? Maybe we should start looking at you.” I told them they could look all they wanted. This went on for a few weeks and then my calls stopped getting returned.”

After six months of waiting for the seizure paperwork to come through, Mr. Mills contacted the Chickasha Express Newspaper, who then called the District Attorney’s office for comment. It was only after he went to the media that Mr. Mills got a call saying he could pick up his truck from the sheriff’s impound lot.

He said “the keys were missing, it had a broken window, flat tire and the antenna was all bent up.” The sheriff in charge during these events served one term and was not re-elected.

If Officer Stephen Mills, who possesses an impressive record and an honorable reputation within law enforcement, had this much trouble getting his property back, imagine what it must be like for other citizens.

An egregious example of civil asset forfeiture happened to Joseph Rivers in May, who was traveling to California to pursue a career as a music producer. His life savings and family donations – $$16,000 – were stolen by the DEA during a train stop because he was carrying the cash in an unorthodox fashion to a known drug “hot spot” called Los Angeles. Despite there being no evidence of an actual crime, Rivers is still waiting for his money to be returned, which may never happen.

Officer Mills offers a solid perspective on civil asset forfeiture as it relates to traditional law enforcement.

“Taking someone’s property because they committed a crime with it, or because it’s a product of the crime, is a punishment for the crime. Only the government can punish someone for a crime. We have a judicial system for this and it requires a guilty conviction for a crime. When a citizen gets a civil judgment, it is restitution, not punishment. The object is to make the injured party whole, not better off than they were before. In civil asset forfeiture the government is circumventing the judicial system and all its requirements of due process to levy punishment for a crime, under a system which has different rules of law and a much lower standard of proof. If something is used in a crime then it is evidence of a crime, and should be taken as evidence and used to obtain a guilty conviction. As far as large sums of money being proceeds of the crime, how can you have proceeds of a crime without the ‘who, what, where and when’ of the crime? If you have this, then again you really don’t have proceeds of the crime, you still have evidence of the crime which happen to be proceeds. Use the evidence to get a guilty conviction. We need to stop discussing if the law is being systematically abused or not. The problem isn’t that it might or might not, or is or isn’t, being systematically abused, but that it’s a bad law. If the law allows something to happen that is completely counter to our American system of right and wrong and justice, it doesn’t matter if it’s being abused or not.”

Indeed, some Oklahoma lawmakers recognize the ill nature of civil asset forfeiture and the abuses carried out under it. State Senator Kyle Loveless, a conservative Republican, has introduced the Personal Asset Protection Act that would reform Oklahoma’s CAF.

The proposed bill, now under study, would require “clear and convincing evidence” that the seized property is related to criminal activity, instead of mere suspicion. Naturally, local police spokesmen are hysterical, saying that Oklahoma would become a haven for drug cartels and terrorist organizations.

Loveless describes the situation in detail here, along with some outrageous examples of civil asset forfeiture in his state.

Although Officer Mills does not agree with every aspect of Loveless’ bill, he supports the Personal Asset Protection Act and is working with Loveless to promote reform. He believes, like any sensible person, that a criminal conviction should be required before assets can be forfeited.

New Mexico became the role model for CAF reform when Gov. Susana Martinez signed a bill in April that effectively abolished CAF by requiring a criminal conviction before the government can seize property.

Federal bureaucrats are on record opposing state efforts at CAF reform. Police lobbyists managed to kill off CAF reform attempts in California last week, despite overwhelming support in the legislature and the public. Neither the federal government nor most local law enforcement is ready to give up their cash register known as civil asset forfeiture.

However, the tide is turning as this gross injustice continues to be exposed, and the few noble politicians left in government work against CAF on behalf of civil rights and decency.

In poetic fashion, the seizure of Officer Mills’ truck may prove to be one of the biggest mistakes authorities made in Oklahoma, one that could help bring about the downfall of civil asset forfeiture.

Stephen Mills is currently the Chief of Police in Apache Oklahoma. He has an Advanced Peace Officer Certification as well as Instructor and field training officer certifications from the State of Oklahoma.

Stephen has a Bachelors degree, with honors, from Upper Iowa University in Public Administration. He is a graduate of the Norman Police Academy as well as the U.S. Army Criminal Investigations Special Agents Academy and has numerous Federal Law Enforcement certifications. Additionally, Stephen was employed by Central Texas College as a Criminal Justice Teacher where he taught Ethics in Law Enforcement.

Stephen retired from the Criminal Investigations Detachment in 2011, after 25 years of service, as an accredited Federal Agent. His latest post was as the Chief of the Central Texas Counter Drug Task Force which worked with various local and federal Law Enforcement agencies to combat the flow of drugs North of Austin to the Red River.

Additionally Stephen has served as the Special Agent in charge of resident agencies in Alabama, Oklahoma, Korea and Kuwait as well as commanding a forward deployed unit in Iraq. He was assigned as U.S. representative to the international Counter Drug Committee in Seoul Korea. He has been assigned to Counter Drug and White Collar crime teams in Alabama and Louisiana and was Chief of a Multi National Counter High jacking task force in the Eastern District of Iraq.

Stephen has received letters of commendation from the FBI and the DEA and received the Bronze star during his first tour in Iraq.

He is a life member of the Disabled Veterans Association, Veterans of Foreign Wars, American Legion and Vietnam Veterans Associates as well as a member of Lions International.

Stephen is also owner operator of Three Mile Ranch, a Natural Beef Cattle Operation in Southern Grady County East of Rush Springs. He is a member of the Oklahoma Cattleman’s association and a graduate of the Cattleman’s leadership academy. He has a Master Cattleman’s certificate from OSU and is a Noble Foundation cooperating ranch.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103881,"Middletown, NY — In a case that sounds like the makings of a Hollywood film, a retired crooked cop has been arrested after authorities discovered the bodies of four missing men on buried on his property.

Nick Tartaglione, of Otisville, recently retired from the Briarcliff Manor police department and now stands accused of murdering four men at a bar in Chester, New York, called the Likquid Lounge, according to court documents.

Tartaglione was arrested Monday on murder charges and for his role in a massive cocaine trade, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara said in a press release.

“While all murders tear at the fabric of our communities, when the alleged perpetrator of a gangland-style, quadruple homicide is a former police officer, that strikes at the heart of civilized society,” Bharara said in a statement. “As alleged, Nicholas Tartaglione, a former Briarcliff Manor police officer, participated in the senseless murder of four people in a bar in Chester, New York.

Advertisment

“These four men had not been seen or heard from since the day of their alleged murder. We hope that today’s arrest brings some measure of comfort to the victims’ families and loved ones,” Bharara said.

According to authorities, two of the murdered men were involved in the cocaine deal that went south while the other two men happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.

Martin Luna, Urbano Santiago, Miguel Luna and Hector Gutierrez, who were last seen in Chester, New York, were reported missing in April. Their whereabouts have now been sadly confirmed.

https://youtu.be/WAZO8jAg3XU

Tartaglione’s history as a cop is less than stellar as he’s been fired, sued, accused of beating journalists, and was an obvious candidate for suspected steroid use.

In 1999, Tartaglione was arrested on perjury charges after being accused lying about a drunk driving arrest he made. However, because of his blue privilege status, in 2003, he was given his job back, plus back pay.

Tartaglione was also involved in the harassment and assault of a local cable TV host, Clay Tiffany. According to court documents, Tiffany was paid $$1 million from Briarcliff Manor to settle his lawsuit for being beaten by Tartaglione.

In spite of his horrendous record as a cop, Tartaglione was allowed to retire amid controversy and is receiving a tax-free $$64,000 annual pension for the rest of his life.

Being an enforcer in the war on drugs, Tartaglione, like so many cops in his position, seemingly gave in to the easy opportunity to make money from corruption. It is highly unlikely that this cop waited until after he retired to start dealing cocaine as his position as a drug cop gave him easy access to dealers, stolen cash, and lots of confiscated drugs.

The drug addicted Tartaglione is now sitting in jail where he’s being given court order suboxone to ween him from pain pills. If convicted, Tartaglione could face the death penalty. However, that is unlikely as his defense will use his ‘honorable career as a law enforcement officer’ as a means of obtaining a sweet plea deal or a lesser sentence.

“The despicable acts of murder are more egregious in this case because the alleged murderer, a former police officer, once swore to serve and protect people from harm,” FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. said in a statement. “The FBI Hudson Valley Safe Streets Task Force works day after day to battle the crimes that accompany the drug trade to keep criminals and their illegal actions from impacting innocent people. We hope the victims’ families and community find some solace in an arrest being made.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38687,"The Trump Administration’s Attorney General Jeff Sessions, in a one paragraph memo to the Federal Bureau of Prisons Thursday, reversed an Obama administration directive to phase out and ultimately end private prison corporations’ partnership with the federal government. The Federal Bureau of Prisons contracts with the private prisons to house inmates largely convicted of immigration violations. “The 14 private prisons currently contracted by the federal government almost exclusively incarcerate low-risk inmates who were convicted of immigration offenses. The prisons house around 22,000 people at an annual cost of $$600m,” writes The Guardian.

The move by Sessions came less than a year after the Justice Department concluded, as a result of an extensive investigation, the private prisons were unsafe, understaffed, overpopulated, and often placed prisoners in punitive solitary confinement, simply because the prison was overpopulated.

Their use is not without controversy and justifiable objections. The Orlando Sentinal explains the conflict of interests inherent in using private companies to punish prisoners convicted in the public’s judicial system. “Many public agencies use for-profit vendors, and rightly so,” meaning it’s one thing to use a wholesale food supplier to supply the prison’s cafeteria. “But incarcerating and rehabilitating a human being is not the same as delivering office paper,” writes the Sentinal. “In the case of criminal justice, the profit motive creates incentives,” to jail more prisoners by lobbying legislators to pass tougher penalties for laws, thereby bringing in more prisoners and keeping them in prison for longer jail sentences.

Those “values,” writes the Sentinal, “conflict with the public interest” and lead to the industry known as the Prison Industrial Complex, an industry which exists only if it has inmates to house. “The States should follow the lead of the Department of Justice and phase out private prisons,” concludes Orlando’s most influential newspaper.

Advertisment

In August, the Obama administration notified the private prisons their services would no longer be needed going forward. As a result, the nation’s largest prison corporations suffered financial losses when their stocks sank and were devalued, with one company losing over fifty percent of it’s share value. All that changed after Trump was elected, writes Forbes.

As would be expected, once the Trump administration cleared the way for the prisons to continue operations unimpeded, stocks of the private prison corporations soared. “In August 2016, less than an hour after the news broke, shares of Geo Group, Inc. ($$GEO) and Corecivic (formerly known as, Corrections Corp. Of America) ($$CXW) imploded over -35%, and -25% respectively. CoreCivic Inc. and Geo Group Inc., are some of the largest for-profit prison operators in the country. Since the election, both stocks have surged on renewed hopes the order would be rescinded. Geo Group hit a new record high and shareholders of both stocks are very happy the long term contracts are still in place.

Not only do the private corporations receive public funds with very little oversight in return but they now say they’ll only provide incarceration services if the prisons can run at near capacity. In other words, the prison corporations demand a steady stream of inmates to keep the prisons running at peak capacity. Keeping up with the failed war on drugs is one way to feed the industry the commodity of prisoners. One source describes the issues;

All the big private prison companies—CCA, GEO Group, and the Management and Training Corporation—try to include occupancy requirements in their contracts, according to the report. States with the highest occupancy requirements include Arizona (three prison contracts with 100 percent occupancy guarantees), Oklahoma (three contracts with 98 percent occupancy guarantees), and Virginia (one contract with a 95 percent occupancy guarantee). At the same time, private prison companies have supported and helped write “three-strike” and “truth-in-sentencing” laws that drive up prison populations. Their livelihoods depend on towns, cities, and states sending more people to prison and keeping them there.

It is much easier to walk out on the street corner and shakedown a teenager who may have an illegal plant in his pocket than it is to examine the evidence in a rape or murder case. The so-called “Private” Prisons know this and have subsequently found their niche in this immoral war on drugs.

The term Private Prison is a farce from the get-go.

A truly Private prison would not be solely funded by taxpayer dollars. These Private prisons are nothing more than a fascist mixture of state and corporate, completely dependent upon the extortion factor of the state, i.e., taxation, as a means of their corporate sustenance.

A truly Private prison would have a negative incentive to boost its population for the simple fact that it is particularly expensive to house inmates. On the contrary, these fascist, or more aptly, corporatist prisons contractually require people to break the law!

It’s unclear, given the fact all the private prisons affected incarcerate illegal immigrants if the policy change is any indicator the Trump administration is preparing for mass deportations as some critics charge. Trump promised, during his campaign for presidency, to deport illegals, even those with family ties in the states, and force them to apply for readmission to the country.

But speculation already exists and is taking place in the stock market already as a result of Trump’s election as president. According to CBS News, “Mr. Trump’s directive to crack down on illegal immigration has led analysts to predict big profits in 2017 for major private prisons companies such as CoreCivic and Geo, due to increased demand for facilities. In fact, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey analyst Tobey Sommer picked CoreCivic among one of his best investment picks for the year.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88466,"Do you believe what you read in the media?

Has it ever occurred to you that it could be a system of propaganda designed to limit how you imagine the world?

Unbeknownst to most Americans we are currently living in Orwell’s nightmare. A 1984-style reality where propaganda rules — where thought is controlled — and where most people are blissfully unaware of this thought control even taking place.

World-renowned academic, and intellectual giant, Noam Chomsky, has historically been hostile to establishment power and privilege. Over the years, he refined, what he calls, the ‘propaganda model’ of the media. Not only does the media systematically suppress and distort, when they do present facts, the context obscures the actual meaning. In essence, the mass media uses brainwashing to keep people subservient to large corporate interests.

Freedoms of thought and expression are thought to be central to the western system of democracy – or so we are taught to believe from a young age. So to some, the idea that we live in an Orwellian reality may cause a measure of cognitive dissonance. But to Noam Chomsky, who’s devoted his life to questioning western state power, the idea of a truth seeking media is simply a work of fiction.

Essentially, U.S. mainstream corporate media has been weaponized as a means of controlling public opinion by propagandizing the American people. Chomsky, in his book “Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media,” detailed how U.S. media frequently serve as an errand boy for U.S. corporate, military and imperial interests.

Advertisment

“The media serve, and propagandize on behalf of, the powerful societal interests that control and finance them. The representatives of these interests have important agendas and principles that they want to advance, and they are well positioned to shape and constrain media policy.” –Chomsky

It should be noted that Chomsky has become the enemy de jour of the mainstream media after exposing them as a propaganda wing of government. He is almost never given airtime on mass media, appearing only infrequently on RT and Democracy Now. Chomsky’s message was too dangerous, so, of course, they need to use the power of mass media to silence the broad distribution of his crucial message.

Subsequently, in the wake of Hillary Clinton’s loss to Donald Trump in the U.S. presidential election, Facebook has been targeted by behind the scene oligarchic forces that largely control society, and, their respective government representatives, such as President Obama, as being partially responsible for the outcome of the election through the spread of misinformation.

In reality, the opposite is true, as this election cycle saw social media allow people to peer through the facade of mass media and see factual information presented by non-corporate news entities, such as the plethora of emails released by WikiLeaks. Note that the mainstream news attempted to ignore these releases and not report on them as a means of shaping public discourse. The even went so far as to declare reading them illegal.

Essentially, the gatekeepers of information were not able to do their job as propagandists efficiently as there was a counter narrative of truth that overcame the usual methods of controlling the public narrative.

This has resulted in a push to have Facebook censor “fake news” as forwarded by controversial liberal professor Mish Zimdars, who released a “fake news” list that featured “False, Misleading, Clickbait-y, and/or Satirical ‘News’ Sources.”

The problem is that only two of those modifiers suggest actual fake news —”false” and “satirical.” The other two words are judgment calls that we make, ourselves, as informed readers. Note that this is precisely the type of propaganda Chomsky warned about.

In light the recent move to censor “fake news” on Facebook, his message has become even more important. While many people welcome the censoring of clearly fallacious new stories, there is an insidious nature in the manner in which ideologically based news sites have been lumped in with satire and false news.

There is a clear and present danger of a massive censorship regime that includes legitimate, ideologically based, news content on Facebook — an extremely slippery slope to traverse once venturing down the path of stifling the free flow of information.

In the video below, listen to Chomsky break down how this subtle but powerful system of control works to influence and control the narrative of political discourse in the Western world — and brainwash entire nations into subservience in the process.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88536,"Cook County, IL – A corrupt cop by the name of Richard Fiorito has avoided charges after falsely arresting over 130 people for drunk driving. A recent investigation has uncovered that Fiorito was protected by state’s attorney Anita Alvarez, who is notorious for letting police off the hook. During that investigation, some old cases of Fiorito’s had shown vast corruption.

For six years, Fiorito was running a scheme in which he falsely arrested people on DUI charges so he could get overtime pay for the resulting court appearance.

In most of the cases, Fiorito would stop drivers on suspicion of driving drunk and would give them a field sobriety test, and he would fail them whether they passed or not, in many cases lying about his encounters with the victims and making up details about their behavior.

It was also suggested by some of the victims that Fiorito unfairly targetted the LGBT community, and would hunt for victims in a part of town where gay people often spent their time. Some victims reported that he used homophobic slurs while he was arresting them.

Advertisment

“He intends to be dual motivated,” attorney Jon Erickson said after the first dashcam surfaced. “One, for the money, and two, to target gays and lesbians.”

For years, Fiorito would arrest at least one person each day for drunk driving on average and was called a hero by both Mothers Against Drunk Driving and the Alliance Against Intoxicated Motorists.

Eventually, Fiorito slipped up and dash camera footage was able to prove that he lied about at least one of his DUI arrests. However, he was not fired for the offense but was just reassigned to desk duty. After further investigation, the attorney’s office was forced to drop charges against more than 130 people who were arrested for drunk driving.

After the full scope of his corruption was revealed, Fiorito resigned, but state’s attorney Anita Alvarez never pressed charges against him, despite claiming that her office was investigating the officer for over a year. Sadly, Fiorito has found himself in the 96 percent of cops, who have committed a crime, even on video, and will not be prosecuted.

Alvarez will soon be up for re-election, and many of the victims in this case are hoping that she loses.

One victim, James Dean, told reporters, “Anita Alvarez, she’s part of the system. She certainly proved to me that she’s not on the right side of the law. If she gets re-elected, then we’re just in for more of the same corruption.”

“I’m hoping that Foxx gets elected, because she understands how the system has been used against particularly people of color. Hopefully, she can be a catalyst for change,” he added, speaking of the candidate competing with Alvarez in the election.

Sadly, there are officers just like Fiorito in every police department across the country, officers who are willing to put innocent people in jail so they can get a fatter paycheck.

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
2763,"“The callousness and depravity with which these officers communicated about my client is dehumanizing, horribly offensive and degrading to all women. It’s going to lead to another level of mistrust and skepticism to the motive of law enforcement in general”



Earlier this week, we broke the story of California Highway Patrol officer Sean Harrington, a cop who was accused of stealing nude photographs from a woman who was arrested for DUI.

On Friday, Mercury News obtained court documents showing that the situation was more disturbing and more widespread than was initially expected. The victim and her lawyer did suspect that other officers were involved in the crime, and according to the recently obtained documents, there were a number of other officers involved. In fact, it was admitted by officer Harrington that collecting nude photos from the phones of arrested women was a “game” that he and other officers played while on duty.

Rick Madsen, the attorney representing the 23-year-old woman who discovered the officer’s activities, pointed to evidence that was recently uncovered in the case, showing degrading messages that were sent back and forth between officers at the department.

Advertisment

“The callousness and depravity with which these officers communicated about my client is dehumanizing, horribly offensive and degrading to all women. It’s going to lead to another level of mistrust and skepticism to the motive of law enforcement in general,” Madsen said.

In text messages uncovered during the investigation, Harrington and another officer discussed sharing the nude photographs from the woman’s phone, and spoke in the most crude terms.

According to the arrest affidavit, “Harrington said he first learned of this scheme when he was working in the Los Angeles office, Harrington said when he was assigned to the Dublin office, he learned from other officers that they would access the cell phones of female arrestees and look for nude photographs of them. Harrington said if photographs were located, the officers would then text the photographs to other sworn members of the office, and, to non-CHP individuals. Harrington described this scheme as a game.”

In one text message exchange between Harrington and another officer, Harrington promised to send the officer nudes and said, “Just return the favor down the road buddy,” with a smiley face.

This situation gives a candid look into the sick games that cops play.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103304,"Cross County, AR — In a vulgar abuse of his power, an Arkansas judge stands accused of swapping sex for reduced sentences. His accusations come after investigators discovered thousands of photographs on his computer that depicted nude male defendants.

After being ousted as a sexual predator, the judge has since resigned. In a letter to the Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission, Cross County District Judge Joseph Boeckmann said that his resignation was effective immediately, and that he would never again seek a job as a local, county or state employee, as reported by NBC News.

The investigation was launched after numerous men came forward detailing the allegations of sexual abuse in exchange for lenient sentences. At least one of the victims was a child who appeared before Boeckmann for minor offenses. According to the investigation, Boeckmann would give out his phone number to defendants with instructions to perform “community service” at his house.

Advertisment

The investigation revealed over 4,500 photographs taken from the judge’s home. The Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission wrote a letter to Boeckmann’s attorney noting the quantity and nature of the photos.

“They all depict young men, many naked who are in various poses inside the judge’s home and outside in his yard,” the letter states. “There are numerous photos of naked young men bending over after an apparent paddling. Please accept this as notice to not destroy [or] otherwise dispose of this paddle.”

In exchange for leniency for a misdemeanor traffic violation, one man said he had to have a “sexual relationship” with the judge while he was given extensions to pay off his fines.

Another case details the odd nature of the judges abuse as he had a defendant come to his home with bags of aluminum cans. The defendant, identified in court documents as W.M., was instructed to “pull 2 cans from the bags and bend over as if he were picking up the cans,” as Boeckmann instructed him “on how to pose and spread his legs farther apart.”

As the Free Thought Project reported in November, Boeckmann cares not about the allegations, and, in fact, has been given special treatment in spite of skipping his court date. For the last six months, Boeckmann has been on paid vacation.

In response to the allegations and the thousands of photos depicting nude men, some of whom were underage, in his own backyard, the judge claims he is innocent. According to the court documents, Boeckmann says that the pictures were used “to corroborate participation in community service.”

Boeckmann’s case highlights a common theme among those in positions of authority who often abuse their power. Judges, in particular, have been known to torture defendants inside the courtroom, bribe their way to the top, exonerate convicted child molesting cops, conspire with police to steal property, and, in one ridiculous case, a judge called himself a dictator and hung photos of Hitler in the courtroom.

Where the corruption was once the exception to the rule, we are quickly realizing John Dalberg-Acton’s famous phrase, “Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely in such manner that great men are almost always bad men.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96792,"By Jonathan Goodwin

I was listening to a podcast by Keith Preston at Attack the System regarding the question “Who are the Power Elite?” If I recall correctly, I found this podcast through the good efforts of Charles Burris.

In this podcast, and I will paraphrase as best as I can, Mr. Preston suggested certain ways that the elite control the population. For the lower economic classes, control is achieved through various laws that allow for an overly aggressive police – drug laws, prostitution, and the like (see William Grigg for a few examples of the methods).

For the middle and especially upper economic classes, control is achieved through enforcement of political correctness – the avoidance of certain views found to be unacceptable in polite society.

Michael Rozeff asked an interesting question: “Why trust a government that supplies narratives at variance with the facts, or alters its narratives contradictorily from one year to the next?”

Advertisment

“Narratives at variance with the facts.” It strikes me that this is the key characteristic of politically correct views, views that are acceptable in polite society; one accepts, or at least does not openly question, “narratives at variance with the facts.”

This seems to be more the case the higher one goes in economic and intellectual circles. One need look no further than the so-called bastions of intellectual purity – the top colleges and universities – to find this to be the case. How many students regurgitate the acceptable answer instead of the correct one – no matter how well they defend their position?

It is interesting that the brightest minds have, in many ways, been captured by the system – whether the owners of those minds understand this or not. Consider, the top researchers, economists, financiers, academicians, journalists; all hold privileged positions much more lucrative than would likely be the case in a free market. The brightest minds – the ones best able to question the very system that controls them – are beholden to that same system for their oversized positions.

While the internet has helped to put a crack in this armor of political correctness, the acceptance of “narratives at variance with the facts” still holds tremendous power to control – or, worded another way, the questioning of “narratives at variance with the facts” still holds tremendous power to chastise.

Consider any of the following – each topic comes with its own, very strong, politically-acceptable view:

September 11, Pearl Harbor, dropping the atomic bombs, Ron Paul, central banking, global warming (or climate change), the two-party system, an independent press, honor the troops, Franklin Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, the Good War, the gold standard, Iran, Israel, Austrian economics, .

You hold one of these privileged positions – perhaps a nice research position at the NIH, or a high-profile position with a major newspaper or nightly news broadcast; an employee of a central bank; an eight-figure-a-year-bonus banker; an executive at a defense contractor. You are a cog in polite society.

Go to your next cocktail party, and question the politically acceptable view of any of these topics. I don’t mean one-on-one, where your counterpart’s views will not be heard by others. No, say something to the crowd of five or six standing by the cheese table, where each member of the group must be concerned about witnesses. You won’t do this too often before you are no longer invited.

Put faces on the people at the party: Warren Buffet, Ben Bernanke, Jamie Dimon, Jeff Immelt. Have you heard any such individuals question an official narrative – one at obvious variance with the facts? How about the news anchors, business journalists? Maria Bartiromo? Do you think you will be invited to Davos after such an indiscretion?

I am trying to remember my internal explanation for the existence of “political correctness” prior to hearing the above-mentioned podcast. I cannot remember it – the explanation given by Mr. Preston was one of the bigger light-bulb moments I have had in quite a while; it has erased any thinking from my memory that I had about this concept before.

Reprinted with permission from the Bionic Mosquito.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38513,"Philadelphia, Pa — An ex-transit cop has been found guilty of false imprisonment and official oppression stemming from a Christmas Day incident when he stepped on a woman’s foot and refused to apologize — after cutting in line at Dunkin’ Donuts in 2013. When the woman attempted to alert the officer’s superiors, he slammed her head into an ATM machine — and placed her under arrest.

Douglas Ioven, a former officer with the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transit Authority (SEPTA), cut in line on Christmas in front of Muibat Williamson, a nurse at Einstein Medical Center, who was on her way home from a night shift. When Ioven was leaving, with coffee and doughnuts in hand, he stepped on Williamson’s foot.

In testimony about the 2013 row, reported philly.com, Williamson said she confronted the officer and demanded he apologize — but Ioven refused. An argument ensued, and an unnamed witness said she even inserted herself between the pair to remind them of the holiday. She overheard Ioven tell Williamson,

Advertisment

“Next time, move out of the way.”

Williamson decided to file a complaint and knocked on the SEPTA police station door. But, as she testified, Ioven — attempting to prevent his superiors from finding out what had happened — cursed at and then chased her. Williamson said the officer banged her head against an ATM machine as he tried to place her in handcuffs to arrest her for disorderly conduct.

Defense attorney Joseph Silvestro Jr. tried to place blame for the entire incident on Williamson, telling the jury, “This all happened because Muibat Williamson decided that her value system had to be imposed on Doug Ioven.”

Assistant District Attorney Andrew Wellbrock countered that all Williamson wanted from Ioven was an apology and “some basic human decency.”

“Does ‘next time, move out of the way’ sound like somebody who didn’t do anything wrong?” he asked.

In fact, according to philly.com, “Ioven’s face reddened as the verdict was announced” — and for good reason. The cop’s indignant rush for doughnuts could land him behind bars for up to four years — though sentencing guidelines recommend probation.

This incident could best be characterized as Blue Privilege at its ugliest and most ironic — a rude cop falsely arresting a woman because his craving for doughnuts was that urgent.

Perhaps the true spiteful nature of that Blue Privilege came in testimony from a retired SEPTA police sergeant. After the incident, Ioven told him,

“I think I screwed up because I thought she was a homeless person, but she was a regular person.”

Indeed, that speaks volumes.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89986,"Shasta Lake, CA — In a testament to the insanity of the war on drugs, a video from a memorial day weekend party shows all hell break loose after cops see a marijuana pipe.

On Sunday, officers were patrolling Gregory Beach to make sure the students from the Oregon Institute of Technology, who were partying in the area, were picking up their trash. However, after one of the officers found a small marijuana pipe, the partying turned to chaos and four students were arrested.

According to the person who submitted the video to us, the officers were actually thanking the group for picking up their trash and everything was fine — until the discovery of a plant.

Advertisment

When officers saw the dangerous marijuana pipe, they attempted to search the vehicle. However, the person who owned the vehicle refused to allow a search.

After the officers were denied a search of the vehicle, they immediately began assaulting the two men to which it belonged. Not wanting to be assaulted and kidnapped, the men pulled away from the officers — this set them off even more.

“Put your hands behind your back, stay down, don’t move,” an officer yells as he points his taser at one man.

Medical marijuana is legal in California and there are close to 1 million patients. Also, if a person is found with less than 28.5 grams, no arrest is necessary and police can only issue a citation for an infraction, punishable by a $$100 fine. The police officers in the video below, however, begin to arrest the two men, only after they saw the pipe.

In spite of the pipe being the reason for the entire violent escalation, neither of the two men would be charged with marijuana possession.

For the police officers to react in the manner that they did shows just how ridiculous the state’s war on drugs can get.

Up until the officers arrived, no one was being violent, no one was causing harm, and everyone was getting along. However, as the video below shows, when the peace officers showed up, the peace was lost.

The two men, one 21-years-old and the other 24, were arrested for obstruction and public intoxication. The 21-year-old is also facing charges for a pistol that was found in his vehicle. Their bonds are $$15,000 each — all of this over a marijuana pipe.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88644,"In a thoroughly stunning development, the FBI has announced the relaunch of an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails and personal server, after learning of “the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,” as Rep. Jason Chaffetz tweeted this afternoon.

FBI Dir just informed me, ""The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation."" Case reopened — Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016

With just ten days to go before the presidential election, this development could knock the Clinton campaign for quite the loop — particularly amid growing controversy in revelations from campaign chair John Podesta’s emails, which continue to be published by Wikileaks on a daily basis.

FBI Director James Comey penned a letter to Congress Friday, noting the bureau had learned additional documents had become apparent that could have bearing in the investigation of Clinton, stating, in part, via NBC News:

Advertisment

“Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant, and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony.”

Although Comey did not initially make it apparent the content nor source of the documents, Federal Law Enforcement officials did acknowledge that the content originated from devices owned by one of Mrs. Clinton’s top aides, Huma Abedin and her husband, Anthony Weiner. After consulting with the team of investigators, Comey “agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to asses their importance to our investigation.”

Comey made no suggestion whether or not the documents could be “significant,” but the fact the investigation has now been reopened certainly piques additional questions about both the new items as well as how they might have originally escaped the FBI’s attention.

“There are outstanding questions . . . regarding a possible conflict of interest into this case,” stated House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz in a letter to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, as cited by the Washington Post. Chaffetz requested McCabe provide documentation concerning his wife’s 2015 bid for the Senate, which, as the Post notes, received financial support from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who is close to Hillary Clinton.

Chaffetz requested documents from McCabe concerning “when you first became aware the State Department was pressuring the FBI to reverse its decision regarding the classification of one of Secretary Clinton’s emails,” and, “when you first became aware the FBI had opened an investigation into Secretary Clinton’s email server.”

Indeed, Chaffetz notes several discrepancies in interdepartmental interactions during the course of the prior investigation, such as:

“In the spring and summer of 2015, the FBI interacted with multiple agencies regarding Secretary Clinton’s emails. In April or May of 2015, Under Secretary of State for Management Patrick Kennedy began contacting officials in the FBI’s National Security Branch, which you headed prior to serving as the head of the Washington Field Office. Under Secretary Kennedy pressured FBI officials to reverse a decision regarding an email deemed by the FBI to contain classified information. …”

Considering the increasingly embattled campaign of Hillary Clinton, and the late date for initiating further investigation, one wonders whether the abrupt discovery could be related to the putatively missing 30,000 emails which have been the subject of both consternation and ridicule for months.

Although Comey did not reveal, well, much of anything about the decision to relaunch the investigation, it’s clear this will have a direct and resounding impact on Hillary Clinton’s contentious bid for the White House.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88356,"May 1, 2014

A disgusting instance of thuggish brutality was caught on a gas station security camera that contradicts the reports of two Broward Sheriff’s Office Deputies.

According to Local 10 News, David Gonzalez, 50, admits he was drinking but said he was just using words to defend himself against an allegation that he had stolen some beer at a Texaco station in Deerfield Beach when he was struck twice by a deputy and slammed violently face-first to the pavement.

The two BSO deputies questioning him — Justin Lambert and Mike Manresa — claim it was Gonzalez who “raised his hand” at them and then resisted arrest, forcing them to “escort him to the ground.”

The video shows Lambert initially striking Gonzalez when he leans in toward him. Gonzalez is knocked back against the gas station wall, where he appears to offer his hands for arrest before Lambert strikes him again, grabs him by the neck and both deputies lift him and slam him down, breaking his left orbital bone, putting a split over his eye that required stitches and knocking him out cold.

Advertisment

When Gonzalez finally came to, he was told that he fell down.

According to the deputies’ reports Gonzalez raised his hand at Lambert, and also resisted arrest; 2 things that clearly did not happen in this video. The report also stated that he was “escorted” to the ground because Gonzalez was being belligerent, yet another fabrication that we do not see in the video.

Deputy Lambert’s past is also far from stellar. Just last year BSO paid out a $$350,000 settlement to a Dania Beach couple because of Lambert’s actions.

Lambert responded to a noise complain at the home of Jorge Rodriguez, 50. Rodriguez was then stunned several times with a Taser, tackled and beaten in front of his children and friends during a party at his home on Dec. 6, 2009.

The lawsuit stated that Rodriguez did not resist arrest in any way, although deputies charged him with resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer.

Rodriguez went to trial on those charges in July 2011. A jury found him not guilty.

His wife, Maria Rentel, 48, had been charged with disorderly conduct, but was acquitted by a judge in December 2010.

Watching this video and then seeing what the cops actually reported is disheartening, to say the least. The fact that Broward was able to keep his job after having a history of brutality is also disturbing.

The violent interaction between Gonzalez and the two BSO deputies is ominously similar to a mugging or similar gang-related violence. The only difference here is that these gang members carry badges and wear uniforms.

To the police officers that are reading this article, please share this with your fellow officers. There is no justification for this type of violent thuggery.

Actions such as this only serve to further divide the people and create more fear and hatred for law enforcement.

It is so much easier to do the right thing. Please look at what is happening and change it. Be on the right side of history.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102855,"Fort Worth, TX — On Monday, Fort Worth police have confirmed that one of their officers is under investigation after a video was uploaded to Facebook showing him pepper spraying innocent people as they drove by on motorcycles.

The video, uploaded by Facebook user Chase Stone, captured the dangerous and downright insane actions by this public servant. The video was posted with the following description.

During the big ride today we had a law enforcement officer, that looked as if he was pulling over a truck, stepped out of his vehicle with mace in hand and began spraying it towards the riders with intention of causing an accident!!! This is a video EVERYONE NEEDS TO WATCH!! Law enforcement is here to protect and serve, not intentionally try to harm others

Luckily, Stone had his HD helmet cam on and caught this maniac in his despicable act, otherwise, no one would have believed it.

Advertisment

The video was brought to the attention of the Fort Worth police department on Monday and they have passed it along to internal affairs. The FWPD say they do not know who the officer is, however, you can see in the video that the patrol unit number on the vehicle appears to be ‘185’.

The Free Thought Project contacted the Fort Worth police department to get the officer’s name, however, our calls and emails were not immediately returned.

The actions of the officer in the video below are beyond unreasonable and, in fact, enter into the realm of criminal behavior. Had one of the motorists wrecked as a result of the pepper spray, the results could have been catastrophic.

There is no amount police logic that will justify the careless deployment of pepper spray into the faces of dozens of bikers travelling down the road. This officer needs to be fired immediately and arrested.

Fort Worth Police Department complaints on Officers line. — 817-392-4270",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
61158,"May 17, 2014



An Officer whose department is refusing to identify, was accused of driving too fast through a neighborhood by local residents.



When one of the residents, James Schrader, tried to voice his complaint about this officer’s high rate of speed, the St. Louis County Police Officer arrests him.



According to St. Louis Today, the incident happened over the weekend in the 1100 block of Pinrun Drive. Paramedics had arrived at a home for a suspected drug overdose. They asked police to “expedite” arriving to the scene, said Police Officer Brian Schellman, a spokesman for the department.



The officer, whom Schellman refused to identify, drove into the subdivision east of Highway 141 in his patrol car. Two residents interviewed by the Post-Dispatch say the officer was driving with his lights but no siren on and coming too fast around the corner and down the street.



“He was flying down the road. We thought he was going to ram the firetruck,” said Brent Williams, one resident. “He had to be doing 50 or 60 mph. Had to be.”



Residents said that the road is curvy and frequently has children playing in the area. One couple was walking their baby down the road when police sped by them.



Williams used his cellphone to record the interaction, the video is below.





Advertisment

After he was handcuffed, Schrader was complaining of a health condition, so the officer took him directly to a hospital after the arrest. Schrader said he was concerned for his safety during that ride because the officer was texting while driving to the hospital and driving recklessly, according to St Louis Today.



If this officer’s time was so critical that he had to speed through a residential neighborhood, how did he have enough time to stop along the way in order to arrest a man that was complaining about his speed?



",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96892,"(RT) — When he was running for office, President Donald Trump promised to “make America great again.” Now that he’s been in the White House for a month, he’s taken action to execute some of those plans outlined on his campaign trail.

Build wall & make Mexico pay for it

His promise was…

I’ll build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will have Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.

Mexico will pay for the wall! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 1, 2016

On January 25, Trump signed an executive order authorizing the construction of the wall. In response, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto canceled his trip to Washington.

Where’s that wall now?

The wall’s not yet there. But it will be in two years, says Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly. To fund it, the White House has floated the idea of introducing a 20 percent tax on products imported from Mexico.

via GIPHY Advertisment

Fight terrorism & ban Muslims

What he promised was…

…a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.

What’s been done…

He tried. On January 27, Trump signed an executive order that blocked people from seven majority Muslim countries from entering the US for 90 days, and froze the US refugee program for 120 days. It triggered mass confusion, deportations, protests, and lawsuits.

The ban lasted two weeks – until the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against it. Trump is now expected to scrap it and issue a new one next week.

‘America first’ foreign policy

He vowed…

My foreign policy will always put the interests of American people and American security above all else.

‘I am your voice!’: Trump vows to put ‘America first’ in RNC nomination acceptance speechhttps://t.co/rwKFXxVWo6pic.twitter.com/v0FPFxonxK — RT America (@RT_America) 22 июля 2016 г.

What he’s done…

Trump has withdrawn from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which he called a “potential disaster,” saying he would prefer separate deals with individual countries.

On the defense front, Defense Secretary James Mattis has threatened to “moderate” America’s commitment to NATO if other members do not pull their weight – that is, spend more on defense.

‘Drain the swamp’

What he meant…

I am proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again.

Trump: “My admin. will immediately pursue the following 6 measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion in Washington.” pic.twitter.com/XYQY0lJqKM — Fox News (@FoxNews) 22 октября 2016 г.

How that worked out…

In a January 29 executive order, Trump banned his administration officials from working as lobbyists after they leave office.

However, Trump himself has been accused of “flooding [his Cabinet] with oil” because of his Cabinet picks’ ties with the oil industry.

Repeal & replace Obamacare

What he promised…

We’re going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better.

I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: https://t.co/WwIVhIud06 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 2 марта 2016 г.

How is that coming along?

The day he was inaugurated, Trump signed an executive order “to ease the burden of Obamacare as we transition from repeal and replace,” according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer. In response, the IRS will no longer reject tax filings of those who do not have health insurance under the plan. Meanwhile, lawmakers have taken the first steps in repealing the act, but have not yet presented an alternative.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48370,"“She recounted a story right out of the newspaper” that matched up with the account of Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson

Some witnesses obviously lied while testifying under oath to the Ferguson grand jury that ultimately declined to indict 18-year-old Michael Brown’s killer, said the St. Louis county prosecutor in charge of the case, Bob McCulloch.

RT.com

Speaking with KTRS radio, McCulloch said his goal was to have any individual who claimed to be a witness testify before the grand jury.

“Clearly some were not telling the truth,” he said.

Advertisment

Specifically, McCulloch noted that one woman in particular who said she witnessed the shooting but“clearly wasn’t present.” According to McCulloch, “she recounted a story right out of the newspaper” that matched up with the account of Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson, the officer who shot and killed Brown on August 9.

Notably, the account given by this witness, identified as Sandra McElroy by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, was scrutinized in great detail by investigators, who eventually concluded she could not have seen the shooting like she said she did. McElroy claimed she saw Brown charge at Wilson before he was shot.

Despite apparently knowing some witnesses were not telling the truth, McCulloch said he does not have second thoughts about the way he conducted the case, nor does he plan on pressing charges against those who lied.

“It’s a legitimate issue,” McCulloch said, as quoted by NPR. “But in the situation — again, because of the manner in which we did it — we’re not going to file perjury charges against anyone. There were people who came in and yes, absolutely lied under oath. Some lied to the FBI — even though they’re not under oath, that’s another potential offense, a federal offense.”

The comments comes as one Missouri lawmaker is pushing for an investigation into the prosecutor’s behavior during the grand jury proceedings, citing allegations that he “manipulated” the situation.

“Many St. Louis-area residents believe — and there is at least some evidence to suggest — that Mr. McCulloch manipulated the grand jury process from the beginning to ensure that Officer Wilson would not be indicted,” wrote State Rep. Karla May in a letter to Sen. Kurt Schaefer.

Schaefer’s Senate committee is currently looking into Gov. Jay Nixon’s response to the protests that raged following the grand jury decision, and May wants the review expanded to include McCulloch role as prosecutor.

“I don’t believe he followed proper procedures when he presented evidence to the grand jury,” May told the AP. “To me, he was working for the defendant in this case and not the victim.”

For his part, McCulloch said he was “fully aware” of these concerns but called them “unfounded.” It’s not clear if the prosecutor will be investigated.

Elsewhere in his interview, McCulloch defended the decision to announce the grand jury ruling at night, saying, the events that followed were out of his control and would have happened anyway.

“There was no good time to make the announcement,” he said. “Those who were bent on destruction, they weren’t demonstrators, they’re common criminals.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50566,"“I would say that if all the circumstances were exactly the same with all the information that I had, I would act the same way that I did.”

Vista, CA– On Tuesday, we reported that the police had admitted that San Diego Sheriff’s Deputy Jeffrey Guy broke the law when he assaulted 22-year-old Antonio Martinez, who doctors say, has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old.

On Wednesday, a shocking new report from ABC 10 News has uncovered that Guy also has a history of using force with another agency. Not only did this cop say he would assault an innocent man with down syndrome again if the opportunity arises, but an investigation revealed that he has a history of excessive force.

Also, the department has not been complying with a California law requiring police to undergo training on how to proceed with the mentally disabled.

Advertisment

Martinez was walking to his family’s bakery on Dec. 20, 2012, when Guy yelled at him to stop, simply because the young man was wearing a black hoodie. When Martinez did not stop, Deputy Guy became angry at him for “exercising his constitutional right not to stop for a consensual detention,” the lawsuit alleges.

The lawsuit states that the deputy “looked Tony in the face and then unloaded a canister of highly irritating pepper spray into Tony’s face and eyes,” beat him with a weighted baton, slammed his face into the pavement and cuffed him. While the beating was taking place, Martinez’ sisters were screaming at the officer that their brother has down syndrome, unsuccessfully attempting to appeal to the officer’s humanity- something that he clearly lacks.

After Martinez was handcuffed, other deputies jumped in, and Martinez was taken to the hospital, detained, and then jailed for 5 hours- he was essentially kidnapped. He was charged with resisting arrest, despite the fact that there was no reason to stop him in the first place. Deputy guy testified that this was necessary to “document” the incident.

The family is proceeding with a lawsuit, as the department refused to comply with all three of the family’s simple demands to settle this outside of a courtroom. The family only wanted the department to apologize, release their policy on dealing with the mentally disabled, and have Deputy Guy volunteer for the Special Olympics.

Perhaps the reason Capt. Joe Rodi refused to release their policy, is the fact that there is no policy, and they are breaking California law. As ABC pointed out:

California law states law enforcement must be trained to interact with mentally disabled people. Under Penal Code 13515.25, (a) By July 1, 2006, the Commission on Peach Officer Standards and Training shall establish and keep updated a continuing education classroom training course relating to law enforcement interaction with mentally disabled persons. Basile questioned Guy and Capt. Joe Rodi under oath in a deposition. Deposition

“Are the officers required to have that training before they go out in the field,” asked Basile.

“No, this is something that’s fairly new,” said Rodi. That law is eleven years old – passed in 2004 to be implemented by 2006. Deposition

“You’ve never had any classes in development disabilities, correct,” asked Basile.

“Yes,” said Guy.

The law breaking Captain of the department admitted that Guy had broken the law by even confronting Martinez on that tragic day.

“He did not have reasonable suspicion to stop and use force on him,” said Captain Rodi under oath in a newly released video deposition.

Looks like the only person who was not breaking the law in this scenario was Martinez.

To make this whole scenario even more infuriating, Guy had a history of use of force issue at his former department where he was employed for eight years. He had only been with the San Diego Sheriff’s department for four months when he assaulted Martinez, and was still in the midst of his probationary period.

According to the San Jose Mercury News, Guy had six use of force incidents in only one of his eight years with the department. The instances include; using an impact weapon three times, a take-down maneuver once, pepper spray once and excess force or filing a false report. According to their report, officers fill out reports each time they use force in the line of duty, but the department does not keep track of which officers are involved in repeated uses of force.

“I would say that if all the circumstances were exactly the same with all the information that I had, I would act the same way that I did,” Guy stated in his video deposition, under oath.

Guy, this career criminal, is currently still armed and stalking the streets- with impunity to commit violent crimes against others- protected by his shiny gold badge.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95937,"A former Northern California police officer has been arrested and jailed for using his position of authority to rape five women while on duty.

Thirty-one-year-old Noah W. Winchester — who previously served as an officer with the Sacramento Police Department, the Los Rios Community College District police force, where he patrolled American River College, and, most recently, the San Mateo Police Department — faces 22 felony charges including rape, criminal threats, kidnapping, and other offenses related to the sexual assaults of the five women. Those charges concern Winchester’s employment with Los Rios and San Mateo.

Charges brought by the San Mateo District Attorney’s office allege Winchester perpetrated his crimes by threatening to arrest the women for various fictitious wrongdoings if they refused to have sex with him.

“Some of them, he would pull them over, talk to them about whatever he was stopping them for, and then make a decision that this was a victim,” San Mateo District Attorney Jim Wagstaffe said, according to local CBS SF. Winchester would then transport his intended victims to a secluded park or motel.

Advertisment

Wagstaffe added, the victims “did what we teach people to do, which is to follow the directions of a law enforcement officer. Not knowing they were about to be victimized by someone who was putting a dark stain on that badge.”

Winchester had been employed with the San Mateo department for around nine months as a “lateral police officer” before the allegations of these “repugnant” crimes came to light in October, was immediately placed on leave, and subsequently resigned in February amid a thorough investigation.

In an earlier statement cited by the Daily Journal, prior to Winchester’s arrest, San Mateo Police Chief Susan Manheimer said the department “recognizes the seriousness, and is absolutely horrified at the nature of these criminal allegations. We want to reassure the public that this alleged conduct in no way reflects the core values of this department, its members or the police profession. We repudiate any and all misconduct while protecting and serving our public.”

On Thursday, the San Mateo Police released an additional statement acknowledging Winchester should be considered innocent unless proven guilty, but should charges be proven true, they are a “disgrace.” As the statement cited by CBS SF explained:

“We are horrified by news of the recent arrest of this former San Mateo and Los Rios Community College District Police Officer, and want to assure our community and our leaders that this neither reflects nor deflects the dedication to duty and selfless service that our men and women commit themselves to every day on every contact.”

An investigation by Sacramento police, opened in 2013, is still underway, though Sgt. Bryce Heinlen refused to comment further.

In an example of what Photography Is Not A Crime’s Carlos Miller aptly called the “Police PR Spin Machine,” journalist Adnan Ramic, who took a ride-along with Winchester in 2014, concluded of his experience for Los Rios College paper, The American Current:

“The entire experience of my ride along was very insightful to understanding the daily life of an officer on campus. It wasn’t hard to see that Winchester is a man who takes pride in his work, and genuinely cares for the people who come onto his campus.”

Ramic’s description shows the ease with which the American public can become hypnotized with the aura of authority traditionally given police — so powerful, it frequently shields officers from scrutiny they deserve as public servants, even in cases of violent misconduct, such as the rape allegations in this case. With the epidemic of police brutality and parallel near-impunity from punishment in the national spotlight again, however, people increasingly refuse to offer blanket excuses for misbehavior simply because officers have a position of State authority.

“People sometimes feel that if you’re a police officer you get protected,” Wagstaffe noted. “We always say it doesn’t matter if you’re a prince or a pauper. Well, for us, it doesn’t matter if you’re a prince, a pauper, or a police officer. You commit a crime, you’re going to be held accountable.”

Nevertheless, Winchester’s police union is considering assisting with funding his defense, including star attorney Michael Raines, who once represented athlete Barry Bonds over doping allegations. Raines downplayed the gravity of the rape charges against his client, saying there are:

“Countless times where one witness makes an allegation, others hear about it. And then all of a sudden we have a flurry of allegations, some of which turn out to be true in some cases. Many times, they turn out to be false.”

Winchester remains in custody on $$3,100,000 bail. If convicted, the former officer and alleged serial rapist could spend the rest of his life behind bars.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103453,"As Democrats fear monger over the loss of Obamacare, according to Republican Senator Rand Paul, they need not be scared, as the GOP bill is not a repeal at all.

“I think the longer the bill is out there, the more conservative Republicans are going to discover that it’s not a repeal, and the more that everybody is going to discover that it keeps the fundamental flaw of Obamacare.” Paul said on CBS’ Face The Nation.

As Paul notes, the GOP bill maintains the fundamental flaw of Obamacare which is that this was never about giving people affordable health care and always about making health insurance companies super rich by forcing all Americans to become customers of major health insurance providers.

Through Obamacare, insurance companies are literally using government force to mandate that everyone in the country buy their product, via penalties and threats, and the GOP plan keeps this in place.

Advertisment

“It keeps the insurance mandates that cause the prices to rise, which chase young, healthy people out of the marketplace, and leads to what people call adverse selection, where you have a sicker and sicker insurance pool, and the premiums keep rising through the roof.” the Senator urged.

By using the state to mandate everyone purchase their product, insurance companies were given a windfall of massive profits. Even the heavily left-leaning Salon.com reported on this windfall last year:

A Salon analysis of regulatory filings found that the top five health insurers — UnitedHealth, Anthem, Aetna, Humana and Cigna — have doled out nearly $$30 billion in stock buybacks and dividends from 2013 to 2015. (The Supreme Court ruled in favor of the Affordable Care Act in 2012.) Meanwhile, the increase in customers that these health insurers received under ACA has helped raise the stock prices of the top five insurers — some 80 percent for Anthem and 165 percent for Aetna since the high court ruled on June 28, 2012 that Obamacare was constitutional. While Americans continue to fork out more money, insurers are doing great.

In the interview with Face the Nation, Rand Paul acknowledged the same trend. “I mean, we promised the voters for four elections. They elected us to repeal Obamacare, and now we’re going to keep most of the taxes, keep the regs (regulations), keep the subsidies, and create a giant bailout superfund for the insurance companies. I just don’t see it,” Paul said.

“I’m not for any taxpayer money going to … an industry that makes $$15 billion a year,” declared Paul.

As Justin Gardner noted for the Free Thought Project last month, the health care “debate” has been portrayed as Republicans and Democrats valiantly fighting for the interest of American citizens. But as Ron Paul points out, the actual difference amounts to slightly different degrees of government control over health care, all of it stifling free market solutions and driving up costs.

Exhibit A is the recent move by Democrats and Republicans alike to ban the importation of prescription drugs from other countries such as Canada. While the American Health Care Act takes all the headlines, Congress is quietly passing the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017—the framework of the Big Pharma protectionist racket.

While the two parties debate superficial and stagnant aspects of the Health Care bill, Republicans and Democrats alike meet behind closed doors with the insurance lobbyists they’re beholden to, in order to figure out ways to increase their bottom lines at the expense of you — the US taxpayer.

“They get enormous profit from the group plans, and then they lose money in the individual markets and they whine, and they come to Washington, they write the bill, and they get bailed out. It’s a terrible situation.” Paul urged.

Sadly, Rand Paul is one of the only politicians in Washington who is unafraid of calling out the medical industrial complex. And, in spite of his best intentions, we can likely expect the Republican bill to pass, causing even more divide between the left and the right — while the big insurance companies watch profits soar — and very little changes in regard to health care.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88072,"Augusta, GA — Nothing dismantles the notion of Land of the Free quite like the government kidnapping and caging you for building an addition to your home on your own property. Amy McKinnon is learning the hard way after she was thrown in jail this month for building an addition for her sick mother without going through the proper extortion channels of the state.

Sadly, her neighbors and the media are actually praising this nonsense as if McKinnon is some kind of criminal.

“Nobody in their right mind would buy something next to a monstrosity like this,” neighbor Don Gilmore told FOX 8 News. “Obviously, it’s an eyesore and it sticks out because it doesn’t belong here.”

Don is referring to the addition in McKinnon’s backyard that is on her own property and behind a fence.

Advertisment

McKinnon was arrested because her building size exceeded that of the permit she was forced to acquire through the city.

Code enforcement officials say McKinnon was initially approved for a 562ft2 gazebo, according to FOX 8. However, according to officials, McKinnon’s structure was more than just a gazebo.

“It was between the end of the first phase being approved and the second phase being approved that the inspectors found that this was not at 562ft2 home,” Code Enforcement Manager Terrence Wynder said.

McKinnon, who actually went through the proper channels of extortion and permission to build a structure on her own property, felt she was acting within the confines of the law.

As FOX 8 reports, according to documents from the planning and zoning board meeting, McKinnon said she was told by an inspector that as long as she connected the new structure to her current home, it would be fine. So she decided to go bigger in order to move her sick mother in.

But Wynder said the city never said this, and says they issued McKinnon a ticket for building a structure larger than authorities granted her permission to build.

“We wrote her a citation saying that you have to go to court. You are in violation of the zoning ordinance having two structures on one parcel of land,” says Wynder.

After officials ‘caught’ McKinnon committing the ‘crime’ of building a structure on her own property that they did not approve of, McKinnon was given an ultimatum.

Drastically reduce the size of the structure or demolish the entire thing. Not wanting to throw her hard earned money down the drain because of this tyrannical move by officials, McKinnon refused.

For not demolishing a building on her own property — McKinnon was sentenced to 120 days in a cage.

FOX 8 reports that they hope this is “wake-up call for anyone who is looking for loopholes to get around the law.”

“I want to see this thing come down yesterday!” says Gilmore as he gloats in his ability to use state power to hurt innocent people for doing things on their own property that he disagrees with.

Of course, if McKinnon had done something to harm Gilmore or her other neighbors like burying toxic waste in her backyard, this would not be justified. However, that was not at all the case in this instance. McKinnon is in a jail cell right now for the sole reason that she didn’t pay enough money to the state to do what she wanted on her own property — simple as that.

FOX 8 WVUE New Orleans News, Weather, Sports, Social",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95569,"Washington, D.C. – Blatantly operating as a propaganda outlet for U.S. intelligence/deep state interests, working in collusion with Democratic party elements, The Washington Post reported that anonymous sources claimed, “the CIA concluded in a secret assessment that Russia intervened in the 2016 election to help Donald Trump win the presidency, rather than just to undermine confidence in the U.S. electoral system.”

What the Post, in their shameful piece of yellow journalism, failed to mention is that the FBI did not in any way agree with the assessment by the CIA. In fact, the FBI said the information was “fuzzy and ambiguous” and DID NOT provide clear evidence that Russia had meddled in the U.S. election.

The FBI’s unwillingness to play along in this soft-coup has infuriated Democrats. According to a report for the BizPac Review:

The FBI did not corroborate the CIA’s claim that Russia had a hand in the election of President-elect Donald Trump in a meeting with lawmakers last week. A senior FBI counterintelligence official met with Republican and Democrat members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in order to give the bureau’s view of a recent CIA report. The official did not concur with the CIA, frustrating Democrats. The CIA believes Russia “quite” clearly intended to send Trump to the White House. The claim is a bold one and concerned Democrats and some Republicans who are worried about Trump’s desire to mend relations with an increasingly aggressive Russia. The CIA report was “direct, bold and unqualified,” one of the officials at the meeting told The Washington Post Saturday. The FBI official was much less convinced of the claims, providing “fuzzy” and “ambiguous” remarks.

Make no mistake that the Washington Post article is the ‘Fake News’ the mainstream media has been warning you about. The Post create a propaganda piece for the deep state that was parroted across the 24-7 media echo chamber crowing about anonymous CIA officials, while nothing is said about FBI counterintelligence official completely refuting the CIA assessment’s validity.

Advertisment

Highly respected investigative journalist Glenn Greenwald labeled the Washington Post’s CIA story, in an article for the Intercept, “classic American journalism of the worst sort,” highlighting that, “the key claims are based exclusively on the unverified assertions of anonymous officials, who in turn are disseminating their own claims about what the CIA purportedly believes, all based on evidence that remains completely secret.”

At best, the impetus behind these moves is to constrain Trump’s anticipated rapprochement with Russia by further tainting public perception of a U.S.-Russia reconciliation by intimating that Trump in some way won the U.S. presidency with the assistance of Russia — a continuation of a common theme of the Clinton campaign.

At worst, they are signs that the CIA and U.S. intelligence community are essentially trying to interfere in the US presidential election as they have done in foreign countries on over 70 occasions since WWII — in an effort to install their preferred candidate.

For more information on some of those incidents Google:

Italy Christian Democrats 1948 … Iran Mossadegh 1953 … Philippines Magsaysay 1953 … Guatemala Arbenz 1954 … Indonesia Masjumi 1955 … Lebanon Chamoun 1957 … Congo Lumumba 1961 … Chile Allende 1973 … Nicaragua Sandanista 1990 … Haiti Aristide 2004 … El Salvador, Poland, Syria, Afghanistan, Libya, Honduras, Egypt, Thailand, Ukraine…

That is just a short summary, as the list goes on and on.

In assessing the different interpretations by the CIA and FBI, the Post noted that the disagreement between the agencies comes down to “cultural” differences. The CIA is an agency that is “more comfortable draws inferences” from behavior, while the FBI “wants facts and tangible evidence to prove something.”

The competing messages, according to officials in attendance, also reflect cultural differences between the FBI and the CIA. The bureau, true to its law enforcement roots, wants facts and tangible evidence to prove something beyond all reasonable doubt. The CIA is more comfortable drawing inferences from behavior. “The FBI briefers think in terms of criminal standards — can we prove this in court,” one of the officials said. “The CIA briefers weigh the preponderance of intelligence and then make judgment calls to help policymakers make informed decisions. High confidence for them means ‘we’re pretty damn sure.’ It doesn’t mean they can prove it in court.” The FBI is not sold on the idea that Russia had a particular aim in its meddling. “There’s no question that [the Russians’] efforts went one way, but it’s not clear that they have a specific goal or mix of related goals,” said one U.S. official.

In summation, the Post and the rest of the corporate media have decided that “facts and tangible evidence” are unnecessary, when the CIA can just “draw inferences” without providing any evidence.

The intelligence community/deep state propaganda war, operating in concert with the Clinton campaign and other Democratic operatives, was an ingenious strategy really. They planted these seeds of possible Russian interference in the public psyche during the Clinton campaign, and have now nurtured them to fruition after the Trump presidential victory.

Essentially, these interests now you have a built-in audience of angry Clinton voters who are upset they lost, with a strong confirmation bias to accept unsubstantiated propaganda without evidence. We can see how that worked out in Iraq (WMD’s) – when the media, who colluded with the aforementioned, runs with the story as fact. The ‘Russians did it’ story, perpetuated by intelligence interests that loathe to see Trump take office, is then easily accepted by these angry partisan voters as truth.

What a dangerous proposition to accept without any evidence, and yet so many people already have — but then again, that is what propaganda is all about. If the intelligence community tries to steal this election, be warned that violent revolution is a likely outcome, as many Americans won’t stand for a soft-coup, which is exactly what is likely transpiring.

“The media serve, and propagandize on behalf of, the powerful societal interests that control and finance them. The representatives of these interests have important agendas and principles that they want to advance, and they are well positioned to shape and constrain media policy.” –Chomsky",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96001,"Dayton, OH — “I thought I might die,” said Amber Swink of her harrowing experience being pepper-sprayed while in a seven-point restraint chair in the Montgomery County Jail in Dayton, Ohio, on November 15, 2015.

Video footage of the torturous incident shows Swink so tightly restrained in the chair, she is hardly able to move her head; but that didn’t stop Sgt. Judith L. Sealey from entering the isolation cell and unleashing pepper-spray in the 25-year-old’s face — at near point-blank range — for seemingly no reason but sadistic pleasure.

Swink acknowledged to the Washington Post she had, indeed, been drinking heavily at home that evening when police arrested her, and was still somewhat intoxicated when cameras recorded what happened. But she doesn’t understand what brought on the senseless attack.

“It felt like somebody just crushed up fresh peppers and made me use them as face cream,” Swink told the Post. “It took my breath away. You’re fighting for air. I remember my mouth was filling with a thick slobber, like foaming up — and that was also blocking my airway.”

As the Post described, “In the four-minute clip captured by a camera in the isolation cell, Swink can be seen struggling and coughing; she appears to pass out after her face is covered with a bright orange substance.”

Officers had already coated her face with the thick, orange substance once — and despite being a bit drunk, Swink recalls the jailers laughing outside the sterile isolation cell immediately before Sgt. Sealey’s inexplicable act.

In fact, it takes quite some time for officers to even attend to Swink — and when someone finally enters the cell to douse her eyes with a cruelly sparing amount of water, the air is so thick with pepper spray, he’s forced to vacate the room more than once.

Advertisment

Montgomery County Sheriff Phil Plummer agreed in September that — even though he had yet to view the surveillance footage — pepper-spraying a restrained individual violated departmental policy.

But Plummer characterized Swink’s experience as an “isolated incident.”

“Thirty percent of my jail is people suffering from mental illnesses,” the sheriff told the Post by phone, unintentionally highlighting one of the most critical issues surrounding America’s prison- and police-industrial complex. “There are a lot of situations that the police officers should not be dealing with, but everybody wants to blame the police.”

Police — including officers working in jails and prisons — in the overwhelming majority of departments across the United States do not receive proper or sufficient training to manage encounters with people suffering a wide variety of mental illnesses; and the resulting lack of understanding means those individuals are often subjected to excessive force.

Swink has filed an excessive force lawsuit in U.S. District Court accusing the sheriff’s department of acting in a manner “that amounted to torture,” and alleging law enforcement attempted to hide wrongdoing by destroying evidence.

“We will definitely oppose the lawsuit,” Plummer asserted unsurprisingly. “This isn’t that egregious where she’s walked away with any serious injuries. The officer she spit on should sue her.”

Describing being subjected to torture as ‘not that egregious’ simply because the victim did not sustain permanent injury shows a chilling level of callous cruelty and lack of comprehension Sealey’s actions constituted misconduct.

As the Post pointed out, a National Institute of Justice memo says pepper spray has been used by law enforcement in the U.S. since the 1980s “as a use of force option to subdue and control dangerous, combative, or violent subjects in the field. OC [oleoresin capsicum], with its ability to temporarily incapacitate subjects, has been credited with decreasing injuries among officers and arrestees by reducing the need for more severe force options.”

Swink — with arms, legs, and body restrictively strapped to a restraint chair — obviously posed no threat to jailhouse officers, however, and video proves the motivation to spray her must have been akin to unadulterated sadism.

“You cannot find any training manual that will tell you it is allowable to pepper-spray somebody who is restrained,” Kamran Loghman, a U.S. Naval Academy professor who helped develop pepper spray for law enforcement use, told the Post. “It is used to avoid confrontation or injury, so you don’t escalate to higher levels of confrontation. Pepper spray, therefore, should not be used if the subject is expressing verbal disagreement or anger.”

Ironically, if police deployed pepper spray more often in confrontations with the public — rather than immediately pulling the trigger of a gun — needless deaths could be reduced dramatically.

However, in the incident involving Swink, video proves an absolute lack of cause to deploy pepper spray, despite — as Plummer, Swink, and her attorney agree — her belligerent behavior prior to landing in the restraint chair.

Swink had yelled, banged on a window, kicked at an officer, and generally caused a disturbance after being brought to the Montgomery County Jail — for which officers justifiably used pepper spray the first time, and then strapped her to the restraint chair in the isolation cell.

“Shortly thereafter,” the lawsuit states, “Defendant Sealey went into Plaintiff Amber Swink’s cell with another can of OC spray and intentionally and maliciously sprayed Plaintiff Amber Swink’s face and body with the OC spray until she became unconscious and suffered permanent, serious, and debilitating injuries.”

Plummer told the Post Sealey had been disciplined for the misconduct — meaning she had received a write-up that would remain in her file for six months. Nothing more.

“We don’t tolerate once you’re secured using pepper-spray on you because the threat is neutralized,” the sheriff explained. “That’s the mistake that Sgt. Sealey made.”

Sealey has, in fact, since been promoted to Captain.

Attorney Douglas Brannon, representing Swink, asserted Sealey should have been criminally charged and immediately fired.

“I can’t fathom that the sheriff would even consider keeping this employee in light of the fact that her conduct was intentional, deliberate and abusive and directed towards an individual that was completely unable to protect herself,” he told the Post.

Now, Dayton Police are investigating to decide whether or not criminal charges should be filed against Sealey, who was placed on paid administrative leave last week for the duration of that investigation. On Wednesday, Plummer said,“[Sealey] is not exempt from criminal prosecution, she is not exempt from termination. She is going to be treated like everybody else.”

Swink, who suffered with asthma as a child, said the unnecessary use of pepper spray has brought back some of those breathing difficulties.

“My whole life, I looked up to law enforcement,” Swink told the Post. “They would come into our schools and talked to us and they were supposed to be some of the best people you could trust and call on.

“But now I wonder if there’s really anybody watching out for me and my family.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
49486,"“My 16 year old son gets treated like a adult and slammed in the end”



Phoenix – While in recent weeks it has become all too apparent to the public that police are rarely held accountable for their actions. This case highlights exactly why many citizens dislike cops and the public as a whole is losing respect for them at a rapid rate.

A video circulating on Facebook shows a power tripping cop abusing a teenager for not respecting his “authority.”

After being called out on a noise complaint, this officer decided to use his perceived authority to bully a 16-year-old kid. Prior to the video beginning, it is alleged that the officer stuck his fingers in the kids mouth.

As the video begins you hear the officer commanding the kid to “Stand right here!”

The teenager had not moved from where he had been standing since the video began, but was being commanded to do so as a means of control by the cop.

Advertisment

“Your gonna stand where I tell you to,” said the officer.

The officer wasn’t trying to make sure the situation stayed under control but was simply attempting to intimidate the kid. The officer obviously had no fear of the kid doing something to him or attempting to escape, but rather was using his position in an attempt to bully and show the kid who had “authority” in their interaction.

These types of actions by cops are exactly why much of the general public has such a strong disdain for law enforcement.

The power-tripping officer then decides to take it up a notch and commands the kid to sit as if he were a dog.

“Sit on the ground now! You are not listening to me… Sit!”

When the teen refuses, the cop grabs his wrists, at which point the man videotaping asks if he is being arrested.

The officer responds,

“He will be shortly. His conduct his is borderline disorderly. So every time I tell him to do something and he does the opposite, I will maintain the control here.”

Think about that for a minute.

He doesn’t say that the kid is doing anything even remotely criminal, simply that he is acting “borderline disorderly.”

There is no such offense as “borderline disorderly conduct,” so in essence the officers feelings are hurt but there is nothing illegal happening.

And yet in the next frame the officer takes the kid, with his arms restrained behind his back, and slams him face first into the sidewalk.

Keep in mind that if a parent did this their own child they would without a doubt be charged with child abuse.

If this is how you treat the public, then expect the public to have no respect for you or your perceived authority. When those in a position of power aggress against others unnecessarily, it eventually creates a dynamic whereby it becomes inevitable that people will begin to push back.

If you can’t control a situation without having to bully, intimidate, harass or abuse a citizen, especially a child, perhaps you are not suited to be a law enforcement officer. The authoritarian display shown by this officer only serves as a reminder of why more and more citizens no longer have any faith in the police.

Below is the original facebook post:

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48058,"Washington D.C. — In another devastating blow to the 4th Amendment, on Monday, the Supreme Court ruled that evidence of an alleged crime can be used against a defendant even if police did something inappropriate or even illegal to obtain it.

In a split 5-3 decision, the justices voted to reinstate the drug-related convictions of Joseph Edward Strieff. In the case of Strieff, he was illegally detained during a “concededly unconstitutional detention,” which eventually led to the discovery of drugs inside his vehicle.

In Strieff’s case, a trial court judge later found that the officer did not have enough evidence to initially stop and question him. But the judge ruled that Strieff’s subsequent arrest on an outstanding traffic warrant justified the search — implying that the use of criminal behavior to catch criminal behavior is just.

The Utah Court of Appeals agreed with the trial court that the drug evidence was admissible at trial, but, in a moment of logic, the Utah Supreme Court last year reversed that decision.

The Utah Supreme Court noted in its January 2015 decision that the case presented “a gap of substantial significance” in terms of prior rulings by the U.S. Supreme Court on Fourth Amendment issues, and that other courts that have addressed the issue have come to “substantially different conclusions” regarding search and seizure law.

Advertisment

The Fourth Amendment exclusionary rule allows criminal defendants to suppress “fruit of the poisonous tree” — that is, evidence obtained as a result of a search or seizure that violates the Fourth Amendment. The reason this rule exists is due to the obvious conflict of interests in cops breaking the law to enforce the law.

However, thanks to Monday’s ruling by the Supreme Court, that is exactly what will happen now. Police have essentially been given a free pass to violate the rights of individuals — just so long as they find evidence of a ‘crime.’

On Monday, the logic applied by the Utah Supreme Court in 2015, was thrown to the wayside in a handout to the police state.

Given the reality of the militarized police state rising up from the horrors of the war on drugs, the fact that cops can now legally act illegally to bust people for possessing arbitrary substances is chilling.

As if breaking the law wasn’t enough, prior to this ruling, police were no longer required to even give the appearance of an understanding of the laws they’re tasked with enforcing, thanks to a recent court decision surpassing even the veritable green light previously granted in Heien v. North Carolina.

In the Heien case, the Supreme Court ruled a “police officer’s reasonable mistake of law gives rise to reasonable suspicion that justifies a traffic stop under the Fourth Amendment.” A motorist’s broken tail light caused an officer to make a traffic stop — during which evidence of a separate violation of the law was discovered in the vehicle.

But in North Carolina, a broken tail light wasn’t illegal, thus not sufficient cause to justify the stop — nor the arrests stemming from it, lawyers argued, because that would be a violation of unreasonable searches and seizures.

However, the Supreme Court ruled the officer’s ignorance of the law essentially didn’t matter — effectively allowing police around the country the ability to make stops if they ‘reasonably’ believe the cause for the stop is legal. Plainly, police can stop and search you despite ignorance of the law.

Now, in U.S. v Shelton Barnes et. al. — a case that seemed to slip by largely unnoticed — even that flimsy justification has been deemed too constricting of police power, and police ignorance can actually be used against you in a trial.

On Monday, Justice Sonia Sotomayor said in dissent that the decision in Utah vs. Edward Joseph Strieff, is a blow to constitutional rights.

“The court today holds that the discovery of a warrant for an unpaid parking ticket will forgive a police officer’s violation of your Fourth Amendment rights,” Sotomayor wrote.

Sotomayor’s dissent was joined by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Justice Elena Kagan.

Now, police need not understand the law, or even abide by the law — to enforce the law. In what world is this considered acceptable?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104353,"“I’m giving you a lawful order to get your ass out of the truck!” 4 seconds later…..ZAP!

June 23, 2014

A video submitted to the Free Thought Project Monday, shows a ridiculous interaction with an overzealous cop.

Zachary Noel and his friend Steven were driving into Salina, KS for a tattoo convention when they came upon a red light in a construction zone approximately 10:30 at night, so they stop.

The passenger in the vehicle, Steven, tells the Free Thought Project that they saw a “cop hanging out in the construction zone with a reflective vest on.. and a police van parked in the construction area.”

According to Steven, this was some type of “checkpoint,” which was more like a cop just hanging around in a construction zone harassing motorists.

The officer in the reflective vest walks over to the vehicle and sticks his head in the passenger side window, where Steven was sitting.

Advertisment

He tells them that the tint on the back window is awfully dark; to which they respond with complete indifference as this was not illegal.

He then points out that the driver, Noel, does not have on his seat belt. The light turns green and they tell the officer “okay thanks,” and drive off.

Before they make it another city block, they are greeted by 2 motorcycle cops, which is when Steven turns on the video and starts filming.

According to the paperwork the arresting officer is Salina PD officer Cranmer.

Below is the video of that encounter.

Captain Mike Sweeney of the Salina PD issued a statement to the Salina Post, stating that Noel refused to get out of the vehicle.

What do you think, was Noel refusing to get out the vehicle? Was he even given enough time to actually refuse anything?

Noel simply asks, “On what grounds?” he is being asked to get out of the vehicle; to which Cranmer replies, “Because I’m telling you to!”

Within the next 5 seconds, Cranmer asks a few more times and then proceeds to taser the driver, with no forewarning of the taser.

Cranmer claimed that they were trying to drive away and were putting the truck in drive, however there is no ‘drive’ as this vehicle is a floor shift manual.

The revving of the engine that we can hear during the tasering is likely from Noel seizing and locking up his legs, thus depressing the gas pedal, from the 50,000+ Volts being sent through is nervous system.

Noel is then arrested on charges of resisting arrest and driving under a suspended license. Neither of which were true according to Noel.

He was clearly not trying to drive away with a taser in his skin. Also the charge of a suspended license was a mistake on the part of the state.

According to Noel, the “suspended license” charge was bogus. They first told him it was from an unpaid speeding ticket, however they were able to prove that the speeding ticket had been paid.

Next they tell him it was for a ‘fix it” ticket, stating that he needed to fix a mirror on his truck. He was simply told to get it fixed and nothing else.

It had long been fixed and no notice of suspension had been given. Noel was arrested and booked into custody on charges of driving under a suspended license and obstruction. He is out on a $$1,000 bond.

This incident illustrates the importance of filming police interaction. The city will have a hard time proving that Noel was “refusing to exit the vehicle” because of the quick decision of his passenger to turn on his phone.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55689,"London, UK — The Independent Inquiry Into Child Sex Abuse (IICSA) apologized this week after vital testimony from victims of child sexual abuse was “instantly and permanently deleted” from their servers. The agency said that the loss of data was due to a technical malfunction, which dumped an untold number of testimonies that were submitted to their official website. The agency now claims that there was no security breach, and that while the testimonies were lost, the privacy of the victims is not at risk.

An Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA) was established by the British Home Secretary, Theresa May, on 7 July 2014. The inquiry was intended to investigate why pedophile rings seemed to be exempt from capture.

Advertisment

IICSA posted the following statement on their website:

“Due to a change in our website address to http://www.iicsa.org.uk on 14 September, any information submitted to the Inquiry between 14 September and 2 October through the online form on the Share your experience page of our website, was instantly and permanently deleted before it reached our engagement team. We are very sorry for any inconvenience or distress this will cause and would like to reassure you that no information was put at risk of disclosure or unauthorised access. Due to the security measures on our website, your information cannot be found or viewed by anyone else as it was immediately and permanently destroyed.We would like to apologise again to anyone who submitted details to the Inquiry during this time and to ask you to please resubmit your information through the online form. Alternatively you can call the Inquiry helpline on 0800 917 1000 to submit your information over the phone, or email our team at [email protected]”

The commission is being ran by New Zealand judge Lowell Goddard, who is paid over a half million dollars for her work with the group.

The following 60 minutes investigation explores the history of pedophile rings in the UK:

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter-culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work, he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103539,"Information Liberation



Los Angeles, CA — An innocent woman in need frantically flags you down, begging you for a ride.

Despite not going through the Uber app, she tells you she’s in a hurry, asks you to book the ride on your own phone and begs you to drive “across the street” to her friend.

Advertisment

When you comply, all the sudden you’re surrounded by a gang of cops who accuse you of acting as a “bandit cab” driver — someone who takes money under the table for rides, rather than funnel cash through Uber and in turn, the state’s taxing authorities — then you’re placed under arrest and your car is impounded.

This is the tactic the LAPD is using to bust unsuspecting Uber drivers on petty statute violations.

Now, three Uber drivers who say they were entrapped by the scheme this past Friday are speaking out.

“Bluntly, I think it’s cruel,” victim Michael Chadwick said.

All the men say they’ve never asked people if they needed rides in the past and pointed out they have near perfect customer ratings, nonetheless they’ve been made to “feel like criminals.”

The LA Department of Transportation confirmed they and the LAPD carry out such operations but failed to comment on the cases.

For the three men, their next step is to try and get their vehicles back, but they fear what it will cost them, Uber driving is their only job.

“This is going to set me back bad,” Chadwick said.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90156,"Billionaire globalist and altogether controversial figure, George Soros, is now the subject of a $$10 billion lawsuit accusing him of being a “racketeer billionaire” for meddling in the affairs of a sovereign African nation — purely for personal reasons — in what critics say typifies his modus operandi.

For those who skimmed that first sentence, yes, that’s Billion — with an emphatic capital “B.”

FOX News reports the 86-year-old financier and manager of a global network of nonprofits will be forced by BSG Resources’ lawsuit to answer for manipulating the politics and economics of Guinea for his own benefit.

“Soros was motivated solely by malice,” BSGR states in the suit, “as there was no economic interest he had in Guinea.”

Despite Soros’ often contentious dealings and reputation as a pompous busybody, last month’s filing in New York Federal Court has thus far largely escaped the spotlight.

“Companies controlled by Israeli mining magnate Beny Steinmetz sued fellow billionaire George Soros, claiming he cost them at least $$10 billion through a defamation campaign that stripped them of rights to an iron ore deposit in Guinea and other business opportunities around the world,” Bloomberg reported.

Advertisment

“Soros funded law firms, transparency groups, investigators and government officials in Guinea in a coordinated effort to ensure BSG Resources Ltd. lost the rights to the Simandou deposit in April 2014, BSGR said in a complaint filed [April 14] in Manhattan federal court.”

Interestingly, as opposed to innumerable civilians directly affected by Soros’ notoriously shady string-pulling, the lawsuit originates with the billionaire’s peers — who claim his monied influence bilked them of at least as many billions as claimed.

“To Soros, Steinmetz’s success, as well as his active, passionate promotion of Israeli life, business and culture are anathema,” the lawsuit states. “Soros is also well known for his long-standing animus toward the state of Israel.”

Steinmetz was arrested in December 2016 over allegations he and BSGR forked over millions in bribes to government officials for mining rights on Simandou — but those charges had been based on “fabricated reports by Soros-funded companies,” BSGR explains in its suit.

Bloomberg notes Mamadie Toure, the fourth wife of the former president of Guinea, “who implicated BSGR and Steinmetz, received $$50,000 from an adviser to President Alpha Conde and $$80,000 from an ‘agent or affiliate of Soros,’ according to the complaint.”

States the lawsuit, “Soros’s financial clout gave him power over Guinea’s processes of government, which he then thoroughly abused” — and only as a matter of enmity, since the obscenely wealthy globalist stood to gain nothing economically in the Western African nation.

Iron ore from the untapped Simandou is thought to be of the highest grade in the industry, with reserves estimated to comprise over two billion tons — making this legal brawl among tycoons a matter of grave financial consequence — at least, to those other than Soros.

Years of allegations and accusations of underhanded business affairs between BSGR and Soros had not led the company to take direct action until now. In its complaint, “BSGR alleges that Soros was driven by a grudge dating back to 1998 around a business in Russia and his alleged hostility towards Israel.”

Indeed, accusations the Hungarian-American regularly disguises shady political maneuvers as humanitarian in nature — when the contrary tends to be true.

Among many other entities, Soros’ Open Society Foundations — an umbrella over multiple ostensively beneficial organizations — has long been suspected of funding and training political movements toward ends favorable to the globalist.

Even officials from his homeland of Hungary affirm this, as top education official, Minister of Human Capacities Zoltan Balog, asserting recently, as quoted by FOX,

“We are committed to use all legal means at our disposal to stop pseudo-civil society spy groups such as the ones funded by George Soros.”

Soros reaches deep into personal financial reserves during U.S. elections, often spending ample funds for desirable candidates in every level, from District Attorneys to presidential hopefuls — and frequently bequeaths millions to contenders on both sides of the aisle.

In fact, Soros’ undeniable influence over American politics will be central to BSGR’s case against him, as the suit claims sway over the U.S. Department of Justice after it sided with the billionaire on the bribery issue.

J. Christian Adams, former Obama-era DOJ attorney, told FOX the system had been ‘at Soros’ beck and call,’ noting he had been instrumental in reforming police procedures and in bringing about changes to voter ID laws. Adams told the outlet,

“Soros’ organizations in the U.S. were instrumental in shaping DOJ policy under the Obama administration.

“Americans do not understand the extent to which Soros fuels this anti-constitutional, anti-American agenda.”

A spokesperson for Soros told FOX the lawsuit is a diversionary tactic for the company, as BSGR only wishes to deflect from its own wrongdoing.

Whatever the ultimate outcome of the BSGR lawsuit, it’s clear the planet can no longer stomach the parlor game attitude Soros effects when meddling in the affairs of sovereign nations, entities, and individuals.

In the Age of Information, and with the wealth of information available online, bottomless pockets like Soros’ can no longer pull puppet strings without someone, somewhere taking notice — and moving to sever the ties for good.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90033,"The US military is now training with police forces to fight the drug war. It was reported recently that the National Guard has been teaming up with police departments across the country, to train for drug raids, and other prohibition-related policing.

The primary location being used by these forces is Atterbury-Muscatatuck, a training facility in Indiana that is operated by the Department of Defense.

Advertisment

Sergeant Lou Perras of the Indiana State Police told reporters that the new alliance was intended to “bridge the gap between the DOD and non-DOD organizations.”

Perras also admitted that this training would be geared towards marijuana.

This military force to combat marijuana comes on the heels of states all across the country lowering their penalties in marijuana cases. It also comes despite the incoming DEA chief saying that the agency will no longer focus on marijuana. Chuck Rosenberg, a former administrator at the FBI, claimed that instead of attacking marijuana users and sellers, that he wants to “improve the DEA’s procedures on classifying, declassifying and reclassifying drugs,” as the new chief of the DEA.

Sadly, this new move to bring the military into the drug war seems to contradict that statement.

“The National Guard has a unique skill set of assets, and personnel and training, so it allows us to gain that knowledge in those assets from the National Guard to better protect our citizens of the state,” Perras said.

However, using military forces for local policing efforts is a direct violation of the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878, which makes it illegal for military police to patrol on American soil and conduct raids. Although, this law is commonly broken in times of protest and during manhunts.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96110,"(RT) The US Senate voted 97-1 to override President Barack Obama’s veto of the bill that would allow Americans to potentially sue Saudi Arabia for 9/11. This is the first veto override during the Obama presidency.

Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nevada) was the only one who voted to sustain the veto, The Hill reported.

Obama vetoed the bill last week, explaining that the “Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act” (JASTA) would erode the doctrine of sovereign immunity and expose the US to lawsuits around the world.

Advertisment

The override vote was the “single most embarrassing thing the Senate has done” in over two decades, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters Wednesday afternoon.

JASTA, which passed unanimously in both the House and the Senate, allows US judges to waive sovereign immunity claims when dealing with acts of terrorism committed on American soil – potentially allowing lawsuits against Saudi Arabia over the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. Fifteen of the 9/11 hijackers were Saudi nationals.

The issue appears to cross party lines, with Senator Chuck Schumer (D-New York) pushing for a veto override while Foreign Relations Committee chairman Bob Corker (R-Tennessee) is concerned it would “end up exporting [US] foreign policy to trial lawyers.”

Today is an important one for the widows & children of those murdered on 9/11. As always, I stand with them. #JASTA — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) September 28, 2016

Defense Secretary Ashton Carter has argued that allowing JASTA to become law could lead to US being sued in foreign courts and subjected to an “intrusive discovery process.”

This could put Washington in the “difficult position of choosing between disclosing classified or otherwise sensitive information or suffering adverse rulings and potentially large damage awards for our refusal to do so,” Carter wrote to House Armed Services Committee chairman Mac Thornberry (R-Texas) earlier this week, according to the Military Times.

The House is expected hold a veto override vote later on Wednesday.

Sources involved in #JASTA tell me it may get a House vote to override @POTUS veto in House this pm after Senate does the same this am. — Cameron Joseph (@cam_joseph) September 28, 2016

If Obama’s veto is successfully overridden in the House, it would be 111th time in US history that this has happened, and the first in Obama’s presidential term.

The first-ever veto override took place in March 1845 and involved President John Tyler’s attempt to build military ships without the approval of Congress. Andrew Johnson (1865-1869) holds the record for most vetoes overridden at 15, while Harry Truman (1945-1953) and Jimmy Carter (1977-1981) are tied at second place with 12.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
61171,"Last Thursday, the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) made the shocking statement that it will no longer use private prisons to incarcerate federal prisoners, saying they are less safe and less effective than government-run facilities.

This was welcome news for those who realize that for-profit prisons contribute to the problem of mass incarceration, but the feds still need to address the glaring issue of jailing people for victimless crimes such as drug use.

The effects on the prison-industrial complex were immediate, as stock values crashed for the Corrections Corporation of America and the GEO Group. Now, another DoJ ruling has the for-profit prison system reeling.

Advertisment

For the first time, the DoJ said in a federal appeals court that defendants cannot be held in jail solely because they can’t afford to pay bail.

“Bail practices that incarcerate indigent individuals before trial solely because of their inability to pay for their release violate the Fourteenth Amendment,” the agency said in an amicus brief. Not accounting for indigence results in “the unnecessary incarceration of numerous individuals who are presumed innocent.”

The move could strike a serious blow to the practice of debtors’ prisons, where local court systems prey on the populace by arresting and jailing poor people for failing to pay legal debts they can’t afford. This causes a vicious cycle of mounting debts from which people cannot escape.

Municipal courts establish contracts with private probation companies that harass indigent defendants for fines and fees. The practice of money bail has risen dramatically since 1990, part of a general trend of privatizing and profiting from every facet of the jail system.

In fact, the DoJ issued guidelines back in March that detailed several of these practices in the “criminalization of poverty.” They said municipal courts:

“Must not jail a person for nonpayment of fines or fees without first conducting an indigency determination and establishing that the failure to pay was willful. Must consider alternatives to jail for indigent defendants unable to pay fines and fees. Must not condition access to a judicial hearing on the prepayment of fines or fees. Must provide meaningful notice and, in appropriate cases, a lawyer, when enforcing fines and fees. Must not use arrest warrants or license suspensions as a means of coercing the payment of court debt when individuals have not been afforded constitutionally adequate procedural protections. Must not employ bail or bond practices that cause indigent defendants to remain jailed solely because they cannot afford to pay for their release. Must safeguard against unconstitutional practices by court staff and private contractors.”

Alabama has been at the center of controversy, where private probation companies and several cities have been particularly ruthless in criminalizing and harassing poor people on the basis of simple fines and fees.

One county circuit judge explicitly called their situation a “debtors’ prison” and “judicially sanctioned extortion racket.”

Keeping people locked up because they can’t afford to pay bail as little as $$160 actually contributes to the chances of dying in jail.

“Many of the more than 800 jail deaths logged by The Huffington Post between July 2015 and July 2016 involved individuals who were incarcerated after being arrested for minor offenses and who were unable to afford their bail.”

Naturally, the American Bail Association says that protecting the indigent from being held in a cage because they can’t afford bail is an “extreme position.” They insist that money bail is a “Liberty-Promoting Institution As Old As The Republic.”

As awareness grows about the sickening predation of poor people by a prison-industrial complex run amok, it appears the federal government is being forced to address the issue. Time will tell whether the DoJ court brief will have an impact on municipal courts violating civil liberties to pad their budgets and enrich their buddies in the bail business.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104371,"Campbell County, KY — Judge Tim Nolan of California, Kentucky represents District 5 on the Campbell County School Board. He served at the chair of the 2016 Donald Trump campaign in Campbell County. And, he’s just been charged with felony child trafficking.

Nolan is now facing charges of felony human trafficking of a minor, felony inducing a minor to engage in sex and a third count of giving alcohol to a minor.

As River City News reports: Kentucky Attorney General Andy Beshear announced that Nolan is charged with human trafficking (a class B felony), first degree unlawful transaction with a minor (a class C felony), and third degree unlawful transaction with a minor (a class A misdemeanor). Beshear’s Special Prosecution Division is handling the case. The division is responsible for assisting local prosecutors in complex or sensitive cases, as well as, handle cases in which local prosecutors recuse themselves.

It is unclear as of yet, just who Nolan’s customers were. However, there were many of them, as his charges include the note that the child was subjected to “commercial sexual activity.”

Nolan, who is 70-year-old, is scheduled to appear in a preliminary hearing on May 5.

Advertisment

During Trump’s presidential run last year, Judge Nolan was serving as the chair of his campaign. The alleged sex trafficking occurred in August of 2016 — while Nolan was working on the Trump campaign.

As RCN reports, Nolan is an outspoken and controversial figure in local politics. Last year he sued the creator of GOPfacts.org, which took aim at Nolan and others, and specifically referred to Nolan as a vehement racist and posted a photo that purported to be of Nolan in a Ku Klux Klan robe.

Nolan was appointed by Governor Matt Bevin to the Kentucky Boxing and Wrestling Commission but was removed only days later when the Klu Klux Klan scandal erupted.

Unlike Governor Bevin, however, Trump did not remove the Judge from his campaign.

According to Raw Story, Rumors of the investigation surfaced in early April when Cincinnati Enquirer reporter Scott Wartman broke the news that Campbell County Police Chief Craig Sorrell had denied an open-records request that sought documents involving any investigation of Tim Nolan.

In announcing that the state’s Special Prosecution Division would be handling the case, the office of Attorney General Andy Beshear stated that “a core mission of Beshear’s is to bring justice to the victims of rape, sexual assault and human trafficking.”

After his arrest, Campbell County Schools released the following statement:

“We are immensely troubled and saddened to hear of the arrest of Mr. Nolan and grieve as a district for those impacted. Campbell County Schools’ leadership is currently monitoring this situation and working to determine next steps. We ask the community for your continued confidence in our commitment to each and every child as we work to provide them with the highest quality education in a safe and secure setting. Our mission calls us to do ‘Whatever It Takes’ to ensure high student achievement and success in college, career, and life. We will continue with this mission, regardless of any obstacles placed before us.”

As corporate media writes off talk of ‘pizzagate’ as if it’s some tinfoil conspiracy theory that couldn’t possibly happen, recent busts of pedophilia rings are shattering their claims. In fact, after a massive bust in California, Los Angeles County Sheriff Jim McDonnell says the arrests represent a “very sad commentary on the condition we’re dealing with.”

“Pretending this issue doesn’t exist only makes us more complicit in it,” newly elected San Diego City Attorney Mara Elliott previously said.

Donald Trump even weighed in on the problem and said he decided that he won’t be party to those who deny the horrid reality that is the child sex trade.

Trump even held a press conference last month in which he detailed his plans to go after the victims of the “human trafficking epidemic,” as he explained.

Well, now Trump has a place to start — inside his own campaign.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90019,"Pittsburgh, PA — A disturbing video obtained by WPXI News shows two officers approach an otherwise completely peaceful man and begin to brutally assault him.

The video starts with two male officers and one female officer, walking down the hallway of the Renewal Halfway House in Pittsburgh. A black male is seen standing in the doorway on his cell phone.

Advertisment

As officers approach the man there is seemingly no warning before the two uniformed brutes begin waylaying on a this non-threatening individual. While the video is silent we can assume that the two officers were yelling, “Quit resisting” the entire time they were delivering haymaker blow after haymaker blow, with their metal asps.

Breaking:citizen review board has launched investigation into allegations of beating by police caught on cam#wpxi pic.twitter.com/0EnHIrH6uG — Rick Earle (@WPXITarget11) January 26, 2015

Even if the victim was trained in the art of super obedience and police submission, it would be nearly impossible to calmly lay on one’s stomach and surrender as baton strikes rain down from all directions.

While it has been confirmed that this issue is now under investigation by Pittsburgh’s Office of Public Safety, the disturbing reality is that no one knew about it.

Pittsburgh Public Safety Director Stephen Bucar told Channel 11 News that he doesn’t know why officers were called to the building.

This incident is an example of the complete lack of accountability of police departments. A serious use of force incident can be seen in this video, yet no one in the department knows why it happened, or even when it happened.

At the end of the video, 13 minutes after the man is accosted by police, he is then stood up and limps out of the building.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
2279,"Another 4th of July has come and gone, and another president has demonstrated that the idea of freedom under American democracy is an illusion. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court, at the request of President Obama, ruled on June 29th that the National Security Agency (NSA) can resume its massive domestic spying program—in spite of judicial and legislative action to stop it.

The FISA court said that it “respectfully disagrees” with the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in its ruling that NSA’s spy program is illegal, and believes that the public court has no controlling precedent for the secret FISA court.

Advertisment

On May 7th the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan ruled that the PATRIOT Act did not authorize the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records, and thus has no lawful basis. The Bush and Obama administration claimed that the FBI’s ability to collect domestic business data meant that the NSA could pursue its domestic spying, but Judge Gerald Lynch was having none of it.

“Such expansive development of government repositories of formerly private records would be an unprecedented contraction of the privacy expectations of all Americans. We would expect such a momentous decision to be preceded by substantial debate, and expressed in unmistakable language. There is no evidence of such a debate.”

Sadly, moral and logical debate is no longer part of the process, especially when it comes to the sanctified realm of “security.” Privacy is readily swept away under the guise of advancing freedom. Clearly, the same applies to checks and balances.

It is only thanks to Edward Snowden’s brave, self-sacrificing act to expose the depth and breadth of NSA domestic spying that we are even witnessing court challenges. When whistleblowers come forward, it pierces the armor of the State and disrupts the narrative of the mainstream media.

The appeals court ruling forced action by Congress, which seemingly confirmed the court’s opinion in passing the 2015 USA FREEDOM Act. The law, which bears another Orwellian acronym, preserved most of the PATRIOT Act but ended the NSA’s bulk phone data collection. It was a hollow victory for privacy, though, as telecom companies would simply keep the bulk data and the NSA could query it with FISA’s blessing.

This may have been a farce from the start, though, with Obama and Congressional leaders knowing full well the course they could take to defy the public court. Congress included a 180-day grace period before the law applies to NSA, and this is what the FISA court used to justify its opinion:

“Congress deliberately carved out a 180-day period following the date of enactment in which such collection was specially authorized. For this reason, the Court approves the application in this case.”

President Obama’s national security chief at the Justice Department, John Carlin, demonstrated the cold authoritarianism that has overtaken the Executive branch since 9/11.

““This court [FISA] may certainly consider ACLU v Clapper as part of its evaluation of the government’s application, but second circuit rulings do not constitute controlling precedent for this court,” Carlin wrote in the 2 June application. Instead, the government asked the court to rely on its own body of once-secret precedent stretching back to 2006, which Carlin called “the better interpretation of the statute.””

There is no ambiguity here. Secret proceedings by a few people appointed to the job of advancing and rubber-stamping the endless War on Terror reign supreme. They take full precedence over the careful deliberation of public courts and the action of elected representatives.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104612,"Make no mistake about it, Hillary Clinton and her elite backers control the mainstream media narrative. However, the illusion of an unbiased press is quickly falling apart as multiple leaked emails, and now, a video from last night’s debate on CNN shows.

During a brief clip, which has now been posted to YouTube, CNN forgot to kill reporter Pamela Brown’s mic when they cut away. As the camera cuts back to the allegedly ‘unbiased’ debate focus group, Brown can be heard speaking to the group under her breath.

“America is great, because we’re good,” Brown whispers to the group in an obvious attempt to coach their answers.

Once Brown realizes she is back on air, she quickly asks a participant in the focus group what anti-Trump argument from Clinton impressed her most. Having just been told what to say by Brown, the participant quickly regurgitated her canned response, adding her own adaptation for good measure.

Advertisment

“She stated that America is already great, and I tend to agree with that,” the panel member says. “Though we are slow in progressing in a number of ways, we are progressing and we need to continue the momentum.”

As the Daily Caller notes, “this brief exchange is being interpreted by many as proof CNN was coaching focus group members about what to say on the air. Within just a few hours of being uploaded, the video collected nearly 150,000 views. There are other possible explanations, though; Brown may have been informing focus group members about what clip CNN had just aired (since they couldn’t see the replay themselves), or Brown could have been setting up a semi-staged response after previously finding out what the focus group member wanted to say.”

Due to the recent revelations by WikiLeaks highlighting Clinton’s control and outright dictations of the mainstream media narrative, the Free Thought Project is leaning toward the idea that this focus group was actually being coached.

As we recently reported, “The Podesta Emails” reveal not only direct evidence of media coordination, but an attempt to alleviate the damage expected to be wrought by the impending 2015 release of a book by Peter Schweizer titled: “Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich.”

In an email dated April 19, 2015, Clinton Foundation senior vice president of programs Maura Pally writes to White House communications director Jennifer Palmieri, under the subject heading, “FOR REVIEW: Statement for NYT story on Clinton Cash”:

“Agree. I like it, especially the ‘twisting previously known facts into absurd conspiracy theories’. I suspect we might be able to get repeat use of out of that one.”

As Clinton has proven, the establishment only needs to label its critics as ‘conspiracy theorists’ to force the rest of society not to take them seriously. Unfortunately, for Americans, this schoolyard tactic of name calling and ridicule works — as no one wants to be cast out of the herd.

However, as our readers know, questioning everything is the only way to build a free and peaceful world.

Please share this story and video so that others may see for themselves what ‘democracy’ looks like in an Orwellian society.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87912,"April 17, 2014

A Riverside County Sheriff’s Deputy was out to serve a warrant when a dog began to approach him, “aggressively.”

Advertisment

According to a Riverside County sheriff’s spokesperson, the deputy was serving court documents to a resident in the 3000 block of Eucalyptus Avenue at about 2 p.m. when a dog came at him.

The deputy, who has not been named, feared for his safety and pulled out his gun but ended up shooting himself in the process, according to the spokesperson.

The deputy was hospitalized with non-life threatening injuries.

The dog was not hit by any shots and did not attack or bite the officer at all.

According to KCLA9 the police will not be taking any further action against the dog or its owner, who was not the person being served by the officer.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
54937,"St. Louis, MO — A former Bellefontaine Neighbors police officer has come out of the quota closet and is exposing the department’s highly unethical revenue collection scheme.

Ten-year veteran of the force, officer Joe St. Clair was ordered to carry out a policy that he says required cops to issue a certain number of traffic tickets, and even traffic arrests. If the cops failed to do it, they could be fired.

“I believe the chief put an illegal mandate on his officers. I think it’s unfair to the community,” St. Clair told KMOV.

A report conducted by KMOV, with the help of St. Clair, exposed the downright insane requirements for Bellefontaine Neighbors cops.

According to the report:

The mandate was put in writing. It requires officers to take a specific number of “self-initiated activities” each month. St. Clair gave News 4 Investigates copies of spreadsheets used by the Bellefontaine Neighbors Police Department to track those activities. It identifies seven different activities that officers are required to do. Those include writing ordinance violations, traffic arrests, uniform traffic tickets, parking violations and traffic warnings. St. Clair had to do 50 of them every month. The spreadsheet shows that Traffic Arrests represented up to 15 percent of the required activities for Bellfontaine Neighbors cops, an equivalent of up to 8 arrests per month, and that Uniform Traffic Tickets were up to 60 percent, or about 30 tickets per month.

Just to put that into perspective, 75 percent of all officers’ duties is forced revenue collection.

This department focuses 75 percent of all of its time on the act of revenue collection. This ratio is particularly disturbing.

Advertisment

It means that only 25 percent of the time are they trying to solve murders, prevent crimes, and investigate thefts. But that’s probably too generous of a number as well. If you take into account the immoral War on Drugs; solving murders, preventing crimes and investigating thefts is probably only a tiny fraction of that 25 percent.

St. Clair tells KMOV that he was threatened with “disciplinary action” in September of 2013 after failing to meet the required minimum of 50 citations. The next month he made sure to meet the minimum.

“I wasn’t comfortable doing it, but I had to do it. I have a wife and two children I had to support,” said St. Clair.

It should be noted that St. Clair is no angel. He was named in an excessive force lawsuit six years ago that the city settled for $$90,000. The victim claimed that St. Clair and another cop arrested, beat and tased him, then dumped him in Granite City, Illinois.

However, St. Clair’s credibility in this matter was reinforced when Police Chief Robert Pruett confirmed the quota system

Pruett admitted during an off-camera conversation with KMOV that officers have been threatened with discipline and punished for not meeting this quota. Oddly enough, just prior to admitting that officers face consequences for not meeting quotas, Pruett claimed that it “is not a quota system.”

Pruett then passed the buck and informed KMOV that Mayor Robert Doerr had ordered him not to give an interview.

KMOV reporter Craig Cheatham then went to the mayor’s office to have a talk with him. According to KMOV:

Bellefontaine Neighbors Mayor Robert Doerr repeatedly insisted the policy was legal and not a quota. He insisted the policy was needed because officers had been lazy and weren’t doing enough to protect the community. He claimed the policy was his idea.

It is no surprise that the mayor is behind the quota system. After all, he is likely one of the principal benefactors of the revenue generated through this unethical practice. The judges and prosecutors probably have their hand the extortion cookie jar as well.

In typical statist fashion, the mayor then told Cheatham that “if Joe St. Clair is going to drag us through the mud, then we’re going to drag him through the mud, too.”

Boss Hogg….ahem…..Mayor Doerr then forced the news crew to leave.

Mandating that officers issue citations and make arrests is nothing close to “protecting and serving.” In fact, it’s quite the opposite.

Requiring a minimum number of citations forces conflict and potentially hostile interactions.

It truly forces police officers to create criminals out of otherwise innocent people in order to generate revenue, or they face losing their jobs.

But hey, like St. Clair said, he’s got a family to feed. So he’s “just doing his job” when he throws you in a prison cell over a seat belt “violation.”

It wouldn’t be nearly as disheartening if the Bellefontaine Neighbors police department was some rogue unit and this was an isolated incident. But sadly it is not. There are entirely too many examples.

The most recent happened in November of last year. The Free Thought Project reported the story of police in Normal, IL. Several cops from the Normal police department sued the city claiming that the department’s policy forced them to make arrests without probable cause.

After showing how difficult it can be to blow the whistle on corruption in one’s own unit, it’s safe to assume that there are departments across the nation with equally despicable extortion rackets in place. So much for the land of the free……

Follow @MattAgorist

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
40049,"Michael Snyder

June 26, 2014

The number of SWAT team raids in the United States every year is now more than 25 times higher than it was back in 1980. As America has conducted wars overseas in recent years, our police forces have become increasingly militarized as well. And without a doubt, many of our cities have become much more dangerous places. Thanks to relentless illegal immigration, drug cartels are thriving and there are now at least 1.4 million gang members living in the United States. But there are many that believe that the militarization of our police forces has gone way too far. Almost weekly, SWAT team brutality somewhere in America makes national headlines. You are about to read about a couple of horrific examples of this below. Once upon a time, police in America were helpful and friendly and the public generally trusted them. But now our police forces are being transformed into military-style units that often act like they are in the middle of Iraq or Afghanistan. The following are 10 facts about the SWATification of America that everyone should know…

#1 In 1980, there were approximately 3,000 SWAT raids in the United States. Now, there are more than 80,000 SWAT raids per year in this country.

#2 79 percent of the time, SWAT teams are deployed to private homes.

#3 50 percent of the victims of SWAT raids are either black or Latino.

#4 In 65 percent of SWAT deployments, “a battering ram, boot, or some sort of explosive device” is used to gain forced entry to a home.

Advertisment

#5 62 percent of all SWAT raids involve a search for drugs.

#6 In at least 36 percent of all SWAT raids, “no contraband of any kind” is found by the police.

#7 In cases where it is suspected that there is a weapon in the home, police only find a weapon 35 percent of the time.

#8 More than 100 American families have their homes raided by SWAT teamsevery single day.

#9 Only 7 percent of all SWAT deployments are for “hostage, barricade or active-shooter scenarios”.

#10 Even small towns are getting SWAT teams now. 30 years ago, only 25.6 percent of communities with populations between 25,000 and 50,000 people had a SWAT team. Now, that number has increased to 80 percent.

And thanks to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, police forces all over the nation are being showered with billions of dollars of military equipment that is coming home from overseas. The following is what a recent Time Magazine articlehad to say about this phenomenon…

As the Iraq and Afghanistan wars have wound down, police departments have been obtaining military equipment, vehicles and uniforms that have flowed directly from the Department of Defense. According to a new report by the ACLU, the federal government has funneled $$4.3 billion of military property to law enforcement agencies since the late 1990s, including $$450 million worth in 2013. Five hundred law enforcement agencies have received Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicles, built to withstand bomb blasts. More than 15,000 items of military protective equipment and “battle dress uniforms,” or fatigues worn by the U.S. Army, have been transferred. The report includes details of police agencies in towns like North Little Rock, Ark., (pop: 62,000), which has 34 automatic and semi-automatic rifles, a Mamba tactical vehicle and two MARCbots, which are armed robots designed for use in Afghanistan.

But when you start arming the police like military units and your start training them like military units, eventually they start acting like military units and the results are often quite frightening.

For example, just check out what happened when a SWAT team in Florida raided the home of one young couple earlier this month…

At approximately 6:16 am on June 10th, 2014, Kari Edwards and her live-in boyfriend were seized upon by a SWAT team who smashed in the door and using flashbangs and armed to the teeth, swarmed upon the couple and even stripped Ms. Edwards naked in the process. The couple says that the group entailed personnel from DHS, for whom Edwards once worked. After smashing in the door, the tactical team threw in flashbang grenades, traumatizing their cat and swarmed upon Edwards’s boyfriend and Edwards who had just gotten out of the shower. “They busted in like I was a terrorist or something,” Edwards said. “[An officer] demanded that I drop the towel I was covering my naked body with before snatching it off me physically and throwing me to the ground.” “While I lay naked, I was cuffed so tightly I could not feel my hands. For no reason, at gunpoint,” Edwards said. “[Agents] refused to cover me, no matter how many times I asked.”

That is the kind of thing that I would expect to happen in Nazi Germany, not the United States of America.

But this next example is even more horrifying. The following is what one mother says happened to her 2-year-old son when a SWAT team raided her home…

After the SWAT team broke down the door, they threw a flashbang grenade inside. It landed in my son’s crib. Flashbang grenades were created for soldiers to use during battle. When they explode, the noise is so loud and the flash is so bright that anyone close by is temporarily blinded and deafened. It’s been three weeks since the flashbang exploded next to my sleeping baby, and he’s still covered in burns. There’s still a hole in his chest that exposes his ribs. At least that’s what I’ve been told; I’m afraid to look. My husband’s nephew, the one they were looking for, wasn’t there. He doesn’t even live in that house. After breaking down the door, throwing my husband to the ground, and screaming at my children, the officers – armed with M16s – filed through the house like they were playing war. They searched for drugs and never found any. I heard my baby wailing and asked one of the officers to let me hold him. He screamed at me to sit down and shut up and blocked my view, so I couldn’t see my son. I could see a singed crib. And I could see a pool of blood. The officers yelled at me to calm down and told me my son was fine, that he’d just lost a tooth.

Does that make you angry?

It should.

That young child is probably going to be disfigured for the rest of his life because of the brutality and the carelessness of that SWAT team.

Yes, we live in perilous times and many of our communities would rapidly descend into anarchy if there were no police.

But that does not mean that they have to act like Nazis. They should be able to protect us while treating us with dignity and respect at the same time.

So what do you think?

Please share your opinion by posting a comment below…",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88542,"“We’re not going to candy-coat things — we have a problem in our city that’s affecting young men of color and all of our students”

New York, NY — The New York Civil Liberties Union was invited to the East Side Community High School last week to give a two-day training session on interacting with police.

The 450 teens were coached on how to stay calm during police encounters as well as how to assert their rights.

Advertisment

At the end of the two day course, the students were given pamphlets titled, “What to do if you’re stopped by the police.”

This type of proactive move by the principle of East Side Community High School is heartening to say the least and deserves commendation.

According to the NY Post, Principal Mark Federman said he brought in the NYCLU because students told teachers they had bad experiences with being stopped by police. He said the training also was relevant to history classes studying the Ferguson, Mo., shooting. “We’re not going to candy-coat things — we have a problem in our city that’s affecting young men of color and all of our students,” Federman told The Post. “It’s not about the police being bad,” he added. “This isn’t anti-police as much as it’s pro-young people . . . It’s about what to do when kids are put in a position where they feel powerless and uncomfortable.”

Teaching kids to be respectful while at the same time flexing their rights is a vital part of society maintaining its freedom. Police must be kept in their place and realize that they are here to serve us, not the other way around.

Predictably, law enforcement officials in New York are already fear mongering about kids being taught their rights in school.

The Post reports that Eugene O’Donnell, a former police officer, said the literature implies that cops are “Public Enemy No. 1.” “It’s unlikely that a high school student would come away with any other conclusion than the police are a fearful group to be avoided at all costs,” he said. Ed Mullins, president of the Sergeants Benevolent Association said, “Education is the key, but are Civil Liberties going in with an agenda or to educate? I think we deserve equal time and should have the opportunity to follow up with the same platform to explain exactly what police do and what we think is the best way to deal with the police.”

If we look at recent history, the idea that “police are a fearful group to be avoided at all costs,” is not too far fetched. Police officers will stop you, kidnap you, and throw you in a cage for possessing a plant. Of course people are scared of them.

Not only will they throw you in a cage, but there is also a chance that you will be killed during your interaction with police, especially if you a a young black male.

Just this past Thursday in Brooklyn a young man and father of a two-year-old child was gunned down by police, and he had done absolutely nothing wrong.

The bottom line is that there is nothing ominous about teaching kids their rights; only good can come from this. The fact that police are worried about kids learning their rights during these encounters speaks volumes and highlights just how skewed the reality of modern law enforcement has become.

To the police, if you do not want to be treated as public enemy no, 1, stop killing unarmed people, refuse to enforce orders that deprive people of their freedom for victimless crimes, stop the full on theft of property and victimless revenue collection, start actually protecting and serving the community. It is as simple as this.

Here at the Free Thought Project, we have reported on several instances of ‘good cops’ trying to do these things, and we understand that these ‘good cops’ are met with resistance, intimidation, and fired by their departments for calling out this corruption. That is why we have setup a fund to help financially support whistleblower police officers. You can donate to it here.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
80118,"Militarized police in North Dakota are now firing water cannons, concussion grenades, tear gas, and rubber bullets on water protectors trapped on a bridge near Cannon Ball.

Following a brief confrontation with police, in which military vehicles were reportedly set alight and ultimately cleared from the roadway by water protectors, heavily armed police in riot gear kettled water protectors on a bridge and began brutalizing those trapped.

According to reports from the scene, police began firing tear gas canisters in an attempt to clear people from the bridge near the Oceti Sakowin encampment — and when water protectors kicked those canisters back at police to avoid the crippling gas, several small fires ignited near the side of the road.

Witnesses said water protectors — not law enforcement — then proceeded to put out the flames; but police from multiple departments took the opportunity to crack down on the activists, in what appeared to be retaliation.

Trapped on the bridge on both sides by this veritable army of police, water protectors, including children, stood their ground on the bridge — the only options available to inhale the noxious tear gas or trample one another to escape.

Advertisment

Following the deployment of tear gas, the situation rapidly escalated — thanks to officers having far too many tools at their disposal.

After the volley of tear gas, officers inexcusably began shooting water cannons at water protectors kettled on the bridge — in temperatures hovering around 26 degrees Fahrenheit — making hypothermia and frostbite an immediate danger.

Witnesses on the scene say police are employing tear gas, water cannons, rubber bullets, mace, LRAD sound cannons, and other weapons, as they moved to encircle the crowd trapped on the bridge — and at the mercy of merciless police.

Police began this assault on the captive group amid a total media blackout — a single Facebook Live video filmed by Kevin Gilbertt is the only live feed of events unfolding, as the already spotty internet availability has also been cut by law enforcement repeatedly during similar clashes.

Gilbertt filmed from atop a nearby hill — using the only spot with reliable internet in the area.

As Gilbertt repeatedly noted, it was the water protectors who snuffed several fires which erupted after police fired tear gas cannons. While the activists worked quickly to put out the fires, police ignored their efforts and proceeded to inundate them in below freezing temperatures.

According to Gilbertt and other witnesses, those trapped on the bridge had no means to escape the barrage of rubber bullets, water, LRAD sound cannons, tear gas, and mace. Concerned individuals not originally part of the standoff attempted to deliver blankets to the doused victims of sporadic water cannon fire — but they, too, were caught in the enclosed space.

In live video, the sound of rubber bullets being shot occasionally punctuate the obviously chaotic and desperate situation. According to Gilbertt, water protectors cannot leave the bridge without trampling each other — and thus have been forced to inhale the noxious fumes.

According to a witness Gilbertt interviewed under the condition of anonymity, water protectors arrived earlier in the day to clear the burned out law enforcement vehicles from the roadway — but police ignored the act and began escalating violence.

As these absurdly over-equipped police began brutalizing the unarmed group trapped on the bridge, chaos erupted — but water protectors stood their ground rather than endangering one another.

Shortly after tests of the LRAD sound cannon could be heard, Gilbertt’s live stream began pixelating and fading in and out — and then abruptly and unexpectedly ended a short time later, while an online audience of nearly 50,000 people looked on.

This situation is rapidly unfolding, and this article will be updated as more pertinent information becomes available.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96070,"Grand Rapids, MI — In what some critics are calling the most egregious display of preferential treatment by police officers, the Grand Rapids Police Department is once again under fire.

A wrong-way car accident occurred in November 2016 when then Kent County assistant prosecutor Josh Kuiper crashed into a parked vehicle, injuring its owner. On Wednesday, the GRPD released the audio recordings surrounding the incident that left one person injured and his car severely damaged. The recordings reveal a blatant cover-up that should have ended with a prosecutor’s arrest, but instead resulted in him only getting a ticket.

The Situation

Kuiper crashed into Daniel Empson’s car as he was going the wrong way down a one-way street. The crash reportedly sent Empson flying and left his car a total wreck, causing injuries to Empson’s body. After Officer Adam Ickes arrived at the scene of the accident, he made contact with Kuiper who admitted to Ickes that he has been drinking. Ickes immediately called his watch commander, Lt. Matthew Janiskee, at GRPD headquarters. He described Assistant Prosecutor Kuiper as being “hammered.” Janiskee asked Ickes to call him on line 3407, a line which was believed to be free from any recording devices.

The Beginning of the Cover-Up

Ickes obliged and called Janiskee on the supposed unrecorded line. He told his superior Kuiper was “visibly intoxicated.” The watch commander then asked him how much of the police contact was captured on body camera. Ickes indicated the whole interaction was captured. When asked how he thought Kuiper would do in a field sobriety test, Ickes responded, “probably not amazing.”

“Let’s pass him if we can. If we can’t, we can’t, Adam. We’re not going to get f—ked,” Janiskee said. “I’d love to pass him on sobriety if we could.”

“Alright, I’ll do what I can,” Ickes responded.

Advertisment

The Failed Field Sobriety Test

After Ickes administered the field sobriety test, he called Janiskee again and said the prosecutor had failed one of the three tests and refused to participate in a fourth (standing on one foot) saying his knee was hurting—supposedly from the accident. Janiskee seemed more interested in what the public was thinking.

“OK. How much has everybody seen there?,” Janiskee asked Ickes. “Did the people say anything about, ‘Yeah, he’s drunk, f****** hammered,’ or anything like that?”

Ickes promised to nose around the scene to supposedly see if anyone recognized the prosecutor and whether or not they believed him to be drunk as well.

Decision Not To Charge Prosecutor With DUI/Arrival of Sgt. Warwick

Sgt. Thomas Warwick arrived on scene and took over the investigation. In the third call to GRPD headquarters, Warwick described the scene as well as the sobriety assistant prosecutor Kuiper.

“The uh (inaudible)… we’ve got him (inaudible) he’s f****** up. (Inaudible) He’s, he’s f***** up, but Adam did a good job. Um.. we uh, he blasted his f****** car, God d*** it,” Warwick said.

The decision was then made to write Kuiper a ticket for going the wrong way down a one-way street. The sergeant and the watch commander then seemed to get their stories together about how it all went down, with the sergeant even attempting to blame the victim by saying he should not have been parked on the side of the road he was parked on.

“No, no, no, but that, Adam will be able to write that. Like he, yeah, Josh was going the wrong way, but there were no cars on that side of the road. So he, when he moved over, this car was parked and shouldn’t have been there,” Warwick said.

In place of giving the prosecutor a DUI, the question was raised as to whether they should ticket Empson for having parked in the “no parking” zone where Kuiper hit him and his car. The fix was clearly in at that point. Warwick asked Janiskee how he should write it all up, but not before the decision was already made to give Kuiper a ticket for going the wrong way.

The Investigation and The Fall Out

Janiskee’s wife, Monica Janiskee, was also a prosecutor for Kent County and worked with Kuiper. In a fourth call between Warwick and Janiskee, the watch commander revealed he texted his wife (presumably as he refers to her as his “old lady”), and let her know that her co-worker in the prosecutor’s office was involved in an accident, was cited, and admitted to drinking and driving. The two then began to talk about Christmas plans and how they should Uber home “in light of recent events.”

In a fifth call, Janiskee indicated how he planned to run interference once his wife investigated the accident to see if charges should be filed against her co-worker in the prosecutor’s office. Janiskee told Warwick he would “tell her not to” pull bodycam footage of the police contact with Kuiper.

“I’ll take care of that part. She will be smart enough not to dig into it,” Janiskee said.

The two then discussed how an official investigation would lead to Janiskee getting “a day or two off” and joked about getting “pissed” about being placed on paid leave. As The Free Thought Project has reported, when police officers engage in illegal activity, they are often given a paid vacation while official investigations take place.

“This one was f****** hard. Anybody else, there’s probably only another one or two cops out here, other than Adam, that would have been able to discreetly do that. But, but the first part of his phone conversation to you might f*** us,” the officer said.

Here is what the two discussed with Ickes in the background.

“I told that dumb son of a b**** that there’s four people in the world that know and no one else needs to. He is well aware of that” (Ickes). “Right. I mean I know he understands. I just don’t want him to be like, ‘Oh my God, blah blah blah, I have to thank those guys, they did me a solid. We didn’t f****** do him anything” (Warwick).

Janiskee then ended the calls, describing their cover-up for a drunken prosecutor as “good work.”

The Decision Not To Prosecute The Officers, Their Punishment Handed Down

Kalamazoo County was called in to conduct an investigation into the three GRPD officers involved in the alleged cover-up. In January, it was determined that all three would be suspended without pay. However, in February, GRPD Chief David Rahinsky and City Manager Greg Sundstrom arrived at a different plan of action—one which involved terminating Janiskee’s employment. According to WoodTV:

“In February, GRPD Chief David Rahinsky and Grand Rapids City Manager Greg Sundstrom agreed to termination hearings for all three officers. However, the city reached agreements with the police union for a lighter punishment for two of them. Officer Adam Ickes was suspended for 30 days without pay; Warwick was suspended for 160 hours, demoted from sergeant to officer, and placed on a two-year probation. Janiskee was fired from his job. He is suing, claiming his rights were violated and he’s also seeking to get his job back. That case continues.”

Upon the release of the audio recordings, several members of the Grand Rapids Community, including one local pastor and the American Civil Liberties Union, are up in arms, saying all three officers should have been fired.

They point to a recent scandal that drew national attention, which TFTP previously reported as proof that there is a systemic problem of corruption in the GRPD. In March, five Black children were held at gunpoint and forced to get on the cold sidewalk after being told by a GRPD officer to get on the ground because they matched the description of the suspects the officers were pursuing.

Empson is suing Kuiper and the three bars that are accused of over-serving Kuiper the night he allegedly drove drunk and injured the man. Meanwhile, Rahinsky defended his decision to recommend the firing of all three officers and reiterated his promise to be fully transparent with the community.

“There should be no conversation which takes place in this building (headquarters) that affects the community that we serve that we’re not willing to share,” Rahinsky said.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55301,"The Anonymous group Ghost Sec, whose stated goal is to “eliminate the online presence of Islamic extremist groups such as Islamic State (IS), Al-Qaeda, Al-Nusra, Boko Haram and Al-Shabaab,” has taken down a large online ISIS site and replaced it with a message telling readers to “Enhance your calm.”

After taking down the site, the group replaced the content with an ad for an online pharmacy and encouraged visitors to donate bitcoin.

Advertisment

“Enhance your calm. Too many people are into this ISIS-stuff. Please gaze upon this lovely ad so we can upgrade our infrastructure to give you ISIS content you all so desperately crave,” read the message according to the Independent.

When users clicked the ad, it brought them to an online pharmacy at which drugs like, Prozac and Viagra could be purchased using bitcoin.

According to the Independent,

Before the site was taken down, it was understood to be one of a number of sites that were sharing and copying Isis propaganda so that it could avoid detection and being shut down. Many such unofficial sites have been created on the dark web, according to security blogger Scot Terban, though a large number of them appear to be unofficial and largely disorganised attempts.

While the ad for pharmaceuticals is certainly an odd and novel approach, members of the hacking collective have had a devasting effect on the terrorist group’s online presence.

Last week, the Free Thought Project reported on Anonymous’ move to publish a ‘Guide to Fighting ISIS Online.’

The release of this guide enlisted the talents of amateur hackers worldwide, and the results have been nothing short of phenomenal.

The guide was published in an IRC (internet relay chat) channel by a member of the hacker group. That member released the guide, along with the following message.

“Instead of sitting idle in the [chat] channel or lurking around and doing nothing, you can benefit greatly from the different tools and guides that have been provided to you,”he wrote. “Your contribution means a lot and we encourage you to partake in all of the Op’s activities if you can, the more the merrier.”

Tens of thousands of ISIS affiliated social media accounts have been eviscerated since the guide went public.

As the fight against terror becomes a vigilante operation, one thing is certain, Anonymous is here to stay and a force to surely be reckoned with.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87994,"Austin, TX — Austin police lieutenant Jason Disher was recently suspended for filing false police reports about his girlfriend’s husband and then blocking any other officers from investigating his actions.

Disher fabricated an arrest warrant for a man who was married to a woman that he was having an affair with. He attempted to use his position as a police officer to get his romantic competition out of the picture.

Disher told another officer at his department, Det. Kenneth Nash, about his affair with the woman, but lied and told him that her husband had threatened him during a phone conversation.

Advertisment

According to the police report, Disher reportedly told Internal Affairs investigators that he was afraid he might “take a bullet to the back of the head.”

A month after the report was filed, the woman told police that the allegations against her husband were not true. Phone records corroborated the woman’s testimony and Disher was eventually forced to admit that he fabricated the entire police report.

“Honesty is of the utmost importance in the police profession, and dishonesty is a serious policy violation for which indefinite suspension in mandated by APD’s Discipline Matrix. Lieutenant Disher, having been found to be dishonest, can no longer be a credible witness for the prosecution of criminal cases, and therefore can no longer serve the citizens of Austin as a police officer,” Police Chief Art Acevedo said in a statement.

Detective Nash was also suspended for three days for not investigating the situation thoroughly before filing a police report.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50544,"San Diego, CA– In February, we reported on despicable actions of San Diego Sheriff’s Deputy, Jeffrey Guy. Guy became infamous after he beat and pepper sprayed 22-year-old Antonio Martinez, a man with down syndrome and the mental capacity of a 7-year-old.

The deputy said that he would “do it again if he could.” And he just proved to the world that he was not lying when he said those words.

Guy is now facing a second use of force lawsuit after reportedly stomping an innocent student’s head into the asphalt as he was lying face down and handcuffed.

Advertisment

Brett Bacon has filed a lawsuit over injuries he says were inflicted upon him by Guy during an incident in February of 2013. The college student explained that he was being dropped off at home when Guy and four other officers stopped him and demanded he get out of the vehicle. The officers were on his street to check back in after a call was made by his girlfriend 10 hours prior, as she was allegedly going through a mental health episode.

Bacon stated that he was yanked out of the car as the officers demanded that he put his hands above his head. He explained that he was told to get on the ground on his stomach and complied. He says he was handcuffed with no explanation as to why the vehicle was stopped or why he was being arrested. That is when he says he was stomped on during an assault by the officer.

“He came down with his boot, stomping my head into the asphalt, causing an abrasion and swelling,” Brett Bacon told 10News.

According to Bacon, the officer then told him about how he was going to tell the department that he fell out of the car on his face causing the injuries himself.

“I said why did you kick me while I’m [lying] on the ground helpless. He said, ‘I didn’t kick you. I’m going to tell them you fell out of the car on your face,'” the lawsuit obtained by 10News reads. “He speeds up the car and slams on the brakes on two separate occasions. My face slams up against the glass.”

Bacon was charged with resisting arrest, without ever being told why he was being arrested. This is the same charge he used after viciously beating Antonio Martin the year before. Neither of the young men were charged with any other crime. How can someone be charged with resisting arrest when there was no crime to arrest him for?

“My public defender said, ‘I’ve never seen them drop a case so quickly,'” Bacon told 10News.

Before joining the San Diego Police Department, the career criminal cop had six use of force incidents including; using an impact weapon three times, a take-down maneuver once, pepper spray once and excessive force or filing a false report- in only one year during the 13 years he spent with the San Jose police.

This officer has repeatedly proven to be a danger to public safety, yet he is still patrolling the streets. Vista, California, beware. There is a violent armed criminal patrolling your streets.

At any other job in the country, you will eventually be fired if enough complaints and lawsuits are filed against you. Why are people in positions that are the most dangerous for public safety not held to the same standard?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55298,"(ZH) At a moment of widespread acknowledgment that the short-lived Islamic State is no longer a reality, and as ISIS is about to be defeated by the Syrian Army in its last urban holdout of Abu Kamal City in eastern Syria, the US is signaling an open-ended military presence in Syria.On Monday Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon that the US is preparing for a long term military commitment in Syria to fight ISIS “as long as they want to fight.”

Mattis indicated that even should ISIS lose all of its territory there would still be a dangerous insurgency that could morph into an “ISIS 2.0” which he said the US would seek to prevent. “The enemy hasn’t declared that they’re done with the area yet, so we’ll keep fighting as long as they want to fight,” Mattis said. “We’re not just going to walk away right now before the Geneva process has traction.”



Defense Secretary Jim Mattis stands in front of a map of Syria and Iraq.

Mattis was referring to the stalled peace talks in Geneva which some analysts have described as a complete failure (especially as the Geneva process unrealistically stipulates the departure of Assad), as the future of Syria has of late been increasingly decided militarily on the battlefield, with the Syrian government now controlling the vast majority of the country’s most populated centers.

Advertisment

Ironically just as some degree of stability and normalcy has returned to many parts of the county now under government control, Mattis coupled the idea of a permanent US military presence with the goal of allowing Syrians to return to their homes. He said, “You keep broadening them. Try to (demilitarize) one area then (demilitarize) another and just keep it going, try to do the things that will allow people to return to their homes.”

Meanwhile, Turkey once again reiterated that the US has 13 bases in Syria, though the US-backed Syrian YPG has previously indicated seven US military bases in northern Syria. The Pentagon, however, would not confirm base locations or numbers – though only a year-and-a-half ago the American public was being assured that there would be “no boots on the ground” due to mission creep in Syria.

During the last year of the Obama administration, State Department spokesman John Kirby was called out multiple times by reporters for telling obvious and blatant lies concerning “boots on the ground” in Syria.

Remember this? “We are not going to be involved in a large scale combat mission on the ground in Syria. That is what the president [Obama] has long said.”

Last summer, in a move that angered the US administration, Turkish state media leaked the locations of no less than ten small scale American military bases in northern Syria alone (revelations of US bases in southern Syria began surfacing as well). As another recent Pentagon press conference further acknowledged, these bases – though likely special forces forward operating bases – require a broad network of US personnel operating in various logistical roles inside Syria and likely now includes thousands of US troops deployed on the ground, instead of the Pentagon’s official (and highly dubious) “approximately 500 troops in Syria” number.

What makes even the timing of Mattis’ declaration of an open ended military commitment in to supposedly fight ISIS is that it came the same day that the BBC confirmed that the US and its Kurdish SDF proxy (Syrian Democratic Forces) cut a deal with ISIS which allowed for the evacuation of possibly thousands of ISIS members and their families from Raqqa.

According to yesterday’s bombshell BBC report:

The BBC has uncovered details of a secret deal that let hundreds of Islamic State fighters and their families escape from Raqqa, under the gaze of the US and British-led coalition and Kurdish-led forces who control the city. A convoy included some of IS’s most notorious members and – despite reassurances – dozens of foreign fighters. Some of those have spread out across Syria, even making it as far as Turkey.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Omar fields falling into hands of SDF could well have been part of a Quid pro quo deal that allowed ISIS to leave Raqqa for allowing SDF to capture Omar oil field after ISIS attacks #SyrianArmy positions. If you read 1 article today, make sure its one by BBC below https://t.co/FFQhOIjPEC — EHSANI2 (@EHSANI22) November 13, 2017

Though it’s always good when the mainstream media belatedly gives confirmation to stories that actually broke months prior, the BBC was very late to the story. ISIS terrorists being given free passage by coalition forces to leave Raqqa was a story which we and other outlets began to report last June, and which Moon of Alabama and Al-Masdar News exposed in detail a full month prior to the BBC report.

And astoundingly, even foreign fighters who had long vowed to carry out attacks in Europe and elsewhere were part of the deal brokered under the sponsorship of the US coalition in Syria. According to the BBC report:

Disillusioned, weary of the constant fighting and fearing for his life, Abu Basir decided to leave for the safety of Idlib. He now lives in the city. He was part of an almost exclusively French group within IS, and before he left some of his fellow fighters were given a new mission. “There are some French brothers from our group who left for France to carry out attacks in what would be called a ‘day of reckoning.’” Much is hidden beneath the rubble of Raqqa and the lies around this deal might easily have stayed buried there too. The numbers leaving were much higher than local tribal elders admitted. At first the coalition refused to admit the extent of the deal.

So it appears that the US allowed ISIS terrorists to freely leave areas under coalition control, according to no less than the BBC, while at the same time attempting to make the case before the public that a permanent Pentagon presence is needed in case of ISIS’ return. But it’s a familiar pattern by now: yesterday’s proxies become today’s terrorists, which return to being proxies again, all as part of justifying permanent US military presence on another nation’s sovereign territory.

America’s Syrian adventure went from public declarations of “we’re staying out” to “just some logistical aid to rebels” to “okay, some mere light arms to fight the evil dictator” to “well, a few anti-tank missiles wouldn’t hurt” to “we gotta bomb the new super-bad terror group that emerged!” to “ah but no boots on the ground!” to “alright kinetic strikes as a deterrent” to “but special forces aren’t really boots on the ground per se, right?” to yesterday’s Mattis declaration of an open-ended commitment. And on and on it goes.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48318,"Waller County, TX — A Naperville woman died in police custody Monday, after being assaulted by cops just a few days before, during a routine traffic stop. Authorities are claiming the woman committed suicide.

According to Waller County Sheriff’s Department officials, 28-year-old Sandra Bland was pulled over last Friday for “improperly signaling a lane change” and charged with “assault on a public servant.”

Pulled over by the police for a traffic violation. Then she commits suicide? #SandraBland pic.twitter.com/wOxwbXlXFe — Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) July 16, 2015

However, Waller County Sheriff Glenn Smith said in a statement Bland “had been combative on the side of the road.” He did not say she physically attacked one of his boys, and video of any “assault” on a police officer does not yet exist. What does exist is cell phone footage taken from afar by a bystander showing several officers on top of Bland, one of whom slammed her head into the ground.

Advertisment

“You just slammed my head into the ground. Do you not even care about that? I can’t even hear,” Bland can be heard saying in the video. She repeats while being dragged into custody, “You slammed me into the ground and everything.”

Also audible in the footage is an officer telling the witness recording the assault to leave.

According to Smith’s statement, Bland was last seen by jail employees at 7 a.m. when she was given breakfast, and last heard at 8 a.m. over the intercom. One hour later she was found dead, supposedly by “self-inflicted asphyxiation,” according to deputies. Yes, that’s right – sheriff’s deputies. Not medical examiners or a coroner, but a couple cops decided they were qualified to report the findings of their “autopsy.”

Smith goes on to say “any loss of life is a tragic incident. While the investigation is being conducted by outside agencies, the Waller County Sheriff’s Office will continue to observe the daily operations of the jail to always look for improvements and/or preventions of these incidents.”

According to a press release, CPR was applied by authorities.

As is to be expected, Waller County DA Elton Mathis firmly defends the officers’ account, stating “I do not have any information that would make me think it was anything other than just a suicide.” Well, he wouldn’t actually admit there are surveillance cameras in the jail cell that would show what happened, because that could incriminate his clients, right?

The investigation is now being overseen by the Texas Rangers.

Many people who knew Bland have contacted news affiliate ABC7 saying they

“do not believe the official version of what happened and say this is a case of foul play in a county with a history racial intolerance.” Friend Malcom Jackson states “After he pulled her out of the car, forced her and tossed her to the ground, knee to the neck, and arrested her.” “We’re very suspicious and we’re a very tight community and we’re very upset that this has happened and it seems like there’s nothing really being done about it.” – LaVaughn Mosley “I do suspect foul play. I believe that we are all 100 percent in belief that she did not do harm to herself.” – Cheryl Nanton “The Waller County Jail is trying to rule her death a suicide and Sandy would not have taken her own life. Sandy was strong. Strong mentally and spiritually…[She] was a warm, affectionate, outspoken woman” – LaNitra Dean “Each one of us feels like we lost a part of ourselves, and it’s hard, it’s going to be hard for a very long time.” Sharon Cooper, sister.

Bland was a vocal advocate for the Black Lives Matter movement and routinely spoke out against police brutality.

There are a lot of questions surrounding the death of Sandra Bland. Why was the witness recording from a distance told to leave? They were not interfering in any way. Why did it take several officers to subdue a small woman? Why was she removed from her vehicle in the first place when it is routine for police to tell drivers to remain inside the vehicle during such routine stops? There was no mention by authorities of any need to remove the woman for any reason, nor has any dash cam footage been released or even mentioned. And if she committed suicide, why were zero details given by the sheriff during his statement as to exactly how this young woman managed to pull it off?

Why? It’s quite simple and extremely disgusting. Because they can get away with it.

A small protest in honor of the Willowbrook High School graduate was held Wednesday in front of the Waller County Jail. The family plans to bring her body to her hometown in Illinois for a proper burial, just as soon as the authorities are done with her.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38384,"“I need you to roll down the window for my safety!”

May 14, 2014

A Police Officer’s Body Cam captured his severe over reaction on film.

On September 4, 2013, University of Central Florida (UCF) college student Victoria King was pulled over by UCFPD Officer Timothy Isaacs for a minor traffic offense – a bad tail light.

Advertisment

The officer became obsessed and incensed by Ms. King being reluctant to roll down her window “all the way” to receive her bad tail light ticket.

The officer then escalated the traffic stop to violence, breaking out the car window, and charging Ms. King with two felonies and a misdemeanor.

The two felonies have been abandoned by the state attorney.

All the officer had to do was hand the woman her ticket and go on about his revenue collecting. Instead he opted for a power trip.

Instead of simply citing her, he began to require the woman to obey every verbal command he gave, regardless of having a legitimate function to his issuance of the citation.

Orlando criminal defense attorney John Guidry (www.jgcrimlaw.com), sums up the officers command:

“The officer’s command to roll down the window ‘all the way’ does not sound like much of an imposition. But it is an unlawful command, and as such, it is not much different than the officer telling Ms. King to stand on her head. Stand on her head? What possible connection does that have with writing a citation for a broken tail light? Well, it has none, as does the officer’s claim that a partially rolled down window is somehow a safety concern. It is not. The officer’s order was arbitrary, is not for the safety of the officer, and, in fact, serves no purpose whatsoever. “If Ms. King is accused of ‘resisting an officer’ for her failure to roll down her window fully, Florida Statute 843.02 requires that the officer be engaged in the legal execution of any legal duty. It would appear, then, that before Ms. King is required to obey the order of the officer, the order must be legal from the beginning. Clearly, this officer’s order was illegal, and as such, Ms. King’s charges should be dismissed.”

Here is the body cam footage in its entirety.

Below is a statement from the Florida Chapter of the Southern Conference Leadership Conference to the UCF Police Department:",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88601,"Tyler, TX — Last week, police in Texas heroically saved the town from likes of two young girls who attempted to open a black market lemonade stand. The girls, one 7-year-old and one 8-year-old, dared to try to raise money to buy a Father’s day present for their dad by setting up a lemonade stand in their neighborhood.

Andria and Zoey Green told ABC affiliate KLTV they were trying to raise about $$100 for a Father’s Day present. They wanted to take him to Splash Kingdom.

Over the weekend, the two young entrepreneurs took to the streets with their delicious batch of homemade lemonade and began to provide willing customers with their product. Only one hour into their business endeavour, these girls had raised 25% of their goal.

Advertisment

However, their cash cow would be shut down not long after it started. Overton police chief Clyde Carter showed up along with the city code enforcer and shutdown their criminal operation.

The girls had violated Texas House Bill 970, or the Texas Baker’s Bill, which does not allow the sale of food that needs time or temperature control to prevent it from spoiling. Since the lemonade would eventually grow mold after being left out for days, police said they needed an inspection from the health department and a permit to sell it and deemed their operation “illegal.”

The cost of the permit is $$150 dollars.

“It is a lemonade stand, but they also have a permit that they are required to get,” Chief Carter said.

“I think that’s ridiculous. I think they’re 7 and 8, and they’re just trying to make money for their own cause,” said Sandi Evans, the girls’ mother.

The most absurd aspect of this ordeal is that the police know it’s a ridiculous law. However, they said ridiculous or not, it’s the law and they’ll keep enforcing it.

“We have to follow by the state health guidelines,” said Carter. “They have to have a permit if they’re going to do the lemonade stands.”

Police officers can certainly use discretion and choose not to “enforce” this law for use in such an asinine application. The fact that these girls had their good intentions ruined by those who claim to protect them speaks to the level of discontent with law enforcement in America today.

The heartening side to this story is that these young girls are now learning to bypass this tyrannical system of bureaucratic nonsense. The girls said they will be setting up their lemonade stand again this weekend. Instead of selling it though, they will be giving it away, but they will gladly be accepting donations.

Hopefully next week, we aren’t reading the story of these two Texas girls being raided by the IRS for tax evasion on their lemonade donations. But in today’s police state USA, it would be entirely expected.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102445,"Philadelphia, PA — Two high-level government agents from the same area were arrested on child pornography charges in two seemingly separate cases. The most disturbing of these cases is that of 55-year-old Voorhees resident Charles Borrelli, a long time contractor with the Philadelphia Department of Human Services, was tasked with protecting children.

Not only was Borrelli a level boss at the agency, but he was also the architect of the computer systems and programs that kept track of abused and at-risk children. Borrelli was an employee of the agency for over 15 years.

Borrelli is also the owner of Dynamic Sights, a tech consulting firm that he founded in 1994, and it is likely that he was using his technical expertise to cover up his crimes.

DHS spokesperson Alicia Taylor said that while Borrelli was in charge of the agencies IT systems, he did not have any direct contact with children through the agency.

Advertisment

“DHS was surprised and horrified to learn of the charges against Mr. Borrelli. DHS learned of his arrest on December 11th from an online news article and promptly contacted law enforcement. We are currently cooperating fully with authorities,” Taylor said.

According to thegoldwater.com, although his official position did not put him in direct contact with children on a daily basis, however, “the agency’s 2013 annual report includes a photo credited to a “Charles Borrelli” that was taken of a child at a DHS event.”

Borrelli was ultimately charged with third-degree Possession of Child Pornography, as well as one count of Prostitution and Related Offenses, a Disorderly Persons offense, and for paying women to have sex. It seems from the reports of these charges that those women were of age.

Police sources have said that there is no evidence to suggest that Borrelli had any contact with the children that he was potentially stalking through the DHS database, but they are widening their investigation to find out the extent of his crimes.

Unfortunately, in the aftermath of this news, notorious misinformation websites have made the unsubstantiated claim that Borrelli was running a child prostitution ring through the agency and that the agency itself was raided.

There has been no evidence or reports to support these claims, by all indications it seems that The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children tipped off the Camden County High-Tech Crimes Unit about Borrelli’s web usage, and police raided his home without incident, finding evidence of child pornography all over his home.

This story is bad enough as it is and exposes how predators can gravitate towards positions where they are tasked with protecting children. However, embellishing the story in this way without providing sources, or at least allowing the reader to know that the article is speculative, gives mainstream readers an excuse to disregard the enitre story. While it is highly possible that evidence will be uncovered to show that Borrelli was involved in other crimes, we should stick to the facts at hand until more information is uncovered.

For some reason, Borrelli was released on bail and is now out on the streets awaiting trial.

Also this month, another high-level government agent was arrested under similar circumstances in the same area. 41-year-old Donald Baldi, a Navy contractor with top-level security clearance was arrested and charged with second-degree distribution of child pornography and third-degree possession of child pornography. Baldi was also released on bail.

On multiple occasions, the Free Thought Project has reported interviews of former child sex trafficking victims who’ve all noted that they had nowhere to go as police and high-level politicians all took place in the abuse.

In case after case, the Free Thought Project reports on horrifying instances of child sex rings that were allowed to go on for decades because politicians — including heads of states — policemen, clergy, and others were all in on the sick game.

This can no longer go on. The Huffington Post recently wrote of the Weinstein scandal: “Since Harvey Weinstein’s downfall, we as a society have apparently decided to try this radical new idea called “believing women.” We propose that as a society we also try the radical idea of believing the children.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
61163,"At least six journalists face up to 10 years in prison and $$25,000 in fines after being arrested over inauguration weekend — just for doing their job.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
62377,"Washington, D.C. – A new piece of legislation was introduced in the House of Representatives, H. R. 378, labeled the Responsible Body Armor Possession Act, which if enacted would deprive law abiding citizens of another means of self defense.

The legislation, forwarded by Rep. Mike Honda, would ban citizens from ownership of enhanced body armor, defined as “body armor, including a helmet or shield, the ballistic resistance of which meets or exceeds the ballistic performance of Type III armor, determined using National Institute of Justice Standard-0101.06” in the bill.

Level III and higher body armor can defeat most common rifle ammunition.

The body armor in question has a sole purpose of protecting the wearer from potential serious injury or death from being shot.

Advertisment

If passed, this bill would usurp people’s ability to own a truly defensive form of protection, with penalties for possession/ownership ranging from fines to jail time or both.

In his press release, Rep. Honda states:

“This bill allows law enforcement to respond to active shooting situations more effectively. The bill prohibits the purchase, sale, or possession of military-grade body armor by anyone except certain authorized users, such as first-responders and law enforcement.”

This speaks to the heart of the law enforcement problem in America.

Laws are continually being proposed to solve problems that don’t exist, which is exactly how we have gotten into the current police state mess we find ourselves in.

The reality is America has less major crime than at any point in the last 40 years, and yet we have cops patrolling American streets as if they are in the Korengal or Fallujah, and treating the citizens as such, with absolutely no regard for the Constitution.

Perhaps if Honda put as much effort into disarming the overly militarized police, as attempting to take away law abiding citizens ability to defend themselves from would-be shooters, people wouldn’t have the impetus to wear body armor.

The armor is purely defensive in nature, and people should always have the ability and right to defend themselves against attack.

The right to self-defense is the right from which all other rights are derived. As John Locke stated, self-defense is the first law of nature. Each person owns his or her own life and no other person has a right to take that life, or hinder the preservation thereof.

The Supreme Court has held that the police have no duty to protect citizens, so that responsibility now falls squarely on the shoulders of individuals themselves.

To take away people’s ability to access defensive armor, after telling them that they are on their own and are owed no protection by law enforcement, almost seems like a cruel joke.

Why should a law-abiding American, that takes steps to defend themselves passively, be criminalized?

Interestingly, government employees and personnel who work for the various government agencies, departments, or “political subdivisions” are exempted in the bill.

Additionally, the bill states that citizens who own body armor prior to the bill taking effect, would, in essence be grandfathered in and be treated the same as government personnel.

Where is the sense in government banning something that provides people protection from harm?

The logic of this bill is so askew that it wouldn’t be surprising if perhaps next they will try and pass a bill that outlaws hiding behind things while being shot at.

In a continuation of that logic, law enforcement could use the PR line;

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74885,"Washington, D.C. — (RT) Republican Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky has vowed to delay a $$700 billion defense bill until he is promised a vote on amending the use of military force in Afghanistan and Iraq, aiming to end the wars in the two countries.

The Senate on Monday took up the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), passing a motion in an 89-3 vote which allowed the legislation to proceed. That action essentially limits the procedural debate on the legislation and moves the NDAA to a full vote as early as Wednesday morning.

However, Paul made clear on his Twitter account that he had every intention of slowing down the passage of the NDAA – which sets forth the Pentagon’s budget and major programs for the next fiscal year beginning October 1 – until he was guaranteed a vote on amending the AUMF in Afghanistan in Iraq.

Tonight, the Senate is attempting to move forward with the Defense Bill. I am seeking an amendment to end the AUMF in Afghanistan and Iraq. — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 11, 2017

“I will object to all procedural motions and amendments unless and until my amendment is made in order and we vote on these wars,” Paul wrote.

I will object to all procedural motions and amendments unless and until my amendment is made in order and we vote on these wars — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 11, 2017 Advertisment

He went on to note the length of time that the US military has been present in Afghanistan and Iraq.

“We have been there for 16 years. It is time for them to end. It is time for Congress to vote on whether or not they should end.”

We have been there for 16 years. It is time for them to end. It is time for Congress to vote on whether or not they should end. — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 11, 2017

Paul noted that the Senate was in a “quorum call,” unable to act because of his protest.

The Senate is now in a quorum call, unable to act because of my protest. This is why I sit on the floor, in silent protest. — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 11, 2017

He vowed to continue the protest until Congress agreed to vote on whether or not to end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.

I will continue this protest and these objections for as long as needed to ensure Congress do its duty, and vote on ending these wars. — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 11, 2017

Paul noted that his protest was for the soldiers, adding that “hypocrites” are happy to “pretend concern over our constitutional duty to declare war” but are happy to “block any vote on ending any of our 7 current wars.”

Hypocrites, they pretend concern over our constitutional duty to declare war and then block any vote on ending any of our 7 current wars — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 11, 2017

The senator said that he “sits nearly alone,” but he is happy to fight by himself if needed.

I sit nearly alone, but that’s fine. I’ll fight by myself if need be. This is too important pic.twitter.com/PRymNnafi8 — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 11, 2017

In addition to Paul, the NDAA cloture motion was opposed by Democratic Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Oregon Democrat Ron Wyden.

Paul took aim at both the “anti-war left” and the “conservative right” in his series of tweets.

“Where is the anti-war left demanding the wars end? Where is the constitional [sic] conservative right demanding Congress reclaim its war powers?” he wrote.

Where is the anti-war left demanding the wars end? Where is the constitional conservative right demanding Congress reclaim its war powers? — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 11, 2017

Although an increasing number of lawmakers have been calling on Congress to pass a new AUMF for Afghanistan, Paul has largely been alone in his mission to put a deadline on Congress for a vote.

Paul did appear to strike at least a partial deal with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky) about an hour after initially issuing his threats to delay the NDAA passage, with McConnell guaranteeing Paul four hours on Tuesday to state his AUMF reasoning on the Senate floor, the Washington Post reported.

Senate leaders have agreed not to try to end debate early, and have agreed to four hours of debate under my control to debate these wars. — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 12, 2017

However, that wasn’t enough to get Paul to back down, with the senator later reiterating his plan to “continue to fight, and if necessary, object, to continue this debate, secure a vote, and force Congress to do its duty.”

The war in Afghanistan, which began in 2001 as a US response to the September 11 attacks, is the longest war in US history.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103899,"A recent Chicago Tribune editorial targets a new fully informed jury bill introduced by the New Hampshire House of Representatives. The bill would strengthen the current state law passed in 2012 that allows lawyers “to inform the jury of its right to judge the facts and the application of the law in relation to the facts in controversy.” The editorial is noteworthy, because it deploys the most common legal establishment objections to jury nullification.

Objection #1: Jury nullification was a tool of the Jim Crow South

It begins by reminding readers of one of the most horrific examples of racial injustice in the Jim Crow South.

In 1955, two white men went on trial in Mississippi for the murder of Emmett Till, a black 14-year-old from Chicago who supposedly had been too friendly to a white woman. In the Jim Crow South, there was never much chance of conviction, and they were acquitted by a jury that deliberated for barely an hour. The two men, free of the danger of prosecution, later acknowledged their guilt. That case and many like it are worth keeping in mind in any consideration of the place of jury nullification in the criminal justice system.

Let there be no mistake about it, racist juries routinely failed to deliver justice in the Jim Crow South. And jury injustice sometimes happens today when, for example, juries acquit police caught on video brutalizing defenseless citizens. So how can advocates reconcile the abuse of jury nullification with its noble history of delivering justice in the face of unjust laws?

As Paul Butler, a Georgetown University law professor and former federal prosecutor suggests, “nullification is like any other democratic power; some people may try to misuse it, but that does not mean it should be taken away from everyone else.”

Moreover, according to legal scholar Clay Conrad, the jury is a convenient scapegoat for institutional injustices. After the trial is over, the jury doesn’t exist. Jurors return home and go back to work. So when police, prosecutors, judges, and even lawmakers are incompetent or malicious, they can blame the jury to divert attention from their failures.

Objection #2: Jury nullification undermines rule of law

Advertisment

Under existing New Hampshire law, lawyers are allowed to tell jurors about jury nullification as part of their defense strategy. Unfortunately, some judges are undercutting the law by issuing contradictory jury instructions. For example, during the trial of Rich Paul, a Keene man convicted last year for selling marijuana, Judge John C. Kissinger told the jury that they “must follow the law as I explain it.” Paul spent one year in jail.

It’s notable that the Tribune overlooks Judge Kissinger’s subversion of the rule of law while insisting that the new bill would “undermine rule of law.” Nevertheless, those who claim that jury nullification is a violation of rule of law are wrong. “Jury nullification is a part of our law,” according to Cato Institute legal scholar Tim Lynch. “It’s part of the checks and balances in our constitutional system. Just as pardon power is used by governors and the president, juries have the power to bring back acquittals.”

Andrew Hamilton, in his famous 1735 defense of publisher John Peter Zenger who was on trial for seditious libel, implored the jury to ignore the judgement of the Crown’s hand-picked judges.

I know, may it please Your Honor, the jury may do so. But I do likewise know that they may do otherwise. I know that they have the right beyond all dispute to determine both the law and the fact; and where they do not doubt of the law, they ought to do so. Leaving it to judgment of the court whether the words are libelous or not in effect renders juries useless (to say no worse) in many cases.

The jury voted to acquit Zenger. This case, according to Conrad, “was the foundation of both our understanding of where a jury comes from and our understanding of freedom of the press. This is the history the founders knew. This was the background they had in mind when they wrote the 6th Amendment.”

Objection #3: The Supreme Court struck down jury nullification

The Tribune and other jury critics frequently cite the 1895 Supreme Court decision, Sparf v. U.S. The court ruled that judges were not required to tell jurors about jury nullification. The ruling didn’t say that jurors didn’t have the power to nullify. Nor did it say that judges couldn’t tell the jury about nullification; it simply said that they didn’t have to.

This decision has led to the common practice by U.S. judges of penalizing criminal defense lawyers who try to present a nullification argument in front of the jury. Consequently, jury nullification is seen as a de facto power of juries. So unless you’re a citizen of New Hampshire, most jurors cannot rely on judges to inform them of this “secret” constitutional power.

Objection #4: Jury nullification is a power not a right

The Tribune argues that “the power to nullify is not the same as the right to do so. Because of the power granted to juries and the nature of deliberations, they are free to acquit or convict for any reason they choose.”

This power vs right debate is largely academic. But for what it’s worth, the second president of the United States John Adams agreed with Hamilton [and disagreed with the Tribune] when he wrote in 1771 that “it is not only [a juror’s] right, but his duty… to find the verdict according to his own best understanding, judgment, and conscience, though in direct opposition to the direction of the court.”

Objection #5: Jury nullification violates the jury oath

Law professor James Duane calls this “perhaps the most threadbare judicial objection to nullification arguments. This ominous-sounding charge has no logical substance, although it naturally carries much emotional appeal.”

At the beginning of a criminal trial, jurors are typically asked to swear that they “will well and truly try and a true deliverance make between the United States and the defendant at the bar, and a true verdict render according to the evidence, so help [me] God.”

Aside from being barely intelligible to most jurors, Duane notes, there’s no reason why a juror might not acquit based solely on “the evidence” if they believe the accused harmed no one or that a conviction would be unjust. As for what it means to make “a true deliverance,” nobody alive today knows for sure what that means.

Objection #6: Jury nullification can be wrongly used to convict the innocent

Attempting to equate jury nullification with unlawful behavior, the Tribune posits that “no one would argue that juries should convict an innocent defendant merely because they resent the burdensome requirements placed on prosecutors.” This confusingly-written concern for preserving defendants’ due process rights can, according to Tim Lynch, be addressed by properly-worded legislation.

“We can set [the law] in such a way where the defense will be in control. It will be up to the defense to make a jury nullification argument to the jury. Or it’s up to the defense to ask for a jury nullification instruction from the judge. It’s a tactical decision, just like whether or not the defendant will testify or not in court. It’s totally up to the defense to exercise the option or not.”

Objection #7: It’s not the jury’s role to disregard the law; work to change it instead

While the law might sometimes be unfair, according to the Tribune,

The promotion of jury nullification rests on the assumption that 12 randomly chosen individuals are entitled to override the democratically expressed will of the citizenry. It’s true that there is considerable history in England and America of juries disregarding their instructions on principle. Before the Civil War, Northern juries sometimes refused to enforce the Fugitive Slave Act, preferring to forgive defendants who helped escaped slaves.

Great point, Tribune! But what would you do if you were a Northern juror in 1855 deciding the guilt or innocence of an abolitionist accused of violating the Fugitive Slave Act? More to the point, assume that the prosecution proved its case beyond a reasonable doubt. (Heck, assume that the defendant confessed in court to helping Southern slaves escape to Canada!)

The Tribune’s answer would be to convict the defendant, because “jurors who disagree with legislated prohibitions are morally entitled to work to change them. But they have no business putting their preferences above what democratic institutions have decided.” In other words, it’s more ethical to set aside your conscience to comply with an evil law (and work to change it later) than it is to nullify such a law if you have the power to do so. That’s simply ludicrous. Also, an ethical citizen can vote their conscience as a juror and work to change bad laws too.

In addition, jury nullification critics tend to overstate their case by claiming that jury nullification “overrides the democratically expressed will of the citizenry.” Jury nullification does not repeal bad laws, rather it allows juries to show mercy for defendants if they believe the law is wrong or is simply being misapplied.

As the Fugitive Slave Act, the Volstead Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and every other evil, absurd, or hysterical legislation has proven time and again — legislators are hardly infallible. Jury nullification is perhaps the most important vote that citizens can use to alert law makers when their work is flawed. It does not “override” democracy. It is part of our democracy.

Objection #8: There’s no guarantee that jury nullification will suspend only bad laws

This objection circles back to the initial objection that juries might use nullification to ignore the law and acquit defendants accused heinous crimes.

When Paul Butler was a prosecutor in Washington, D.C., he observed that “there was rarely nullification in crimes with victims; jurors voted ‘not guilty’ in those cases because they had reasonable doubt about the government’s evidence, often because they didn’t believe the police.” This tendency among jury nullification critics to conflate reasonable doubt acquittals with nullification confuses the issue. It also sets juries against an impossible standard of perfection that we don’t expect from any other players in the criminal justice system.

Are juries perfect? Of course not. But neither are the police officers who have discretion to make arrests. And neither are the prosecutors who, according to Butler, have more power than judges, because they “have discretion over whether to charge a suspect, and for what offense.” Moreover, prosecutors “tend to throw the book at defendants, to compel them to plead guilty in return for less harsh sentences.”

To the more than 3,200 U.S. prisoners serving life without parole for nonviolent offenses, the problem is certainly not that too many jurors are using their discretion to nullify bad laws and malicious prosecutions. Far from it. Fortunately, New Hampshire law might soon show the Tribune and other jury critics that they have nothing to fear by informing jurors of their right, power, and duty to nullify bad laws.

Reprinted with Permission from Flex Your Rights.org",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88561,"Columbus, OH – Responding to the house of a woman requesting medical treatment, a Columbus police officer arrived at the front door and immediately shot her 4-year-old daughter when attempting to kill their dog. Fearing that a jury would award the family substantially more money, the Columbus City Council unanimously approved a $$780,000 settlement with the innocent girl’s family on Monday.

After interviewing the victim of a hit-and-run incident on June 19, 2015, Officer Jonathan Thomas was returning to his patrol car when he heard a woman from another house calling for help. Andrea Ellis had cut her arm on a piece of broken glass, and her sister, Brandie Kelly, called 911 to request an ambulance. While Kelly was on the phone with a 911 dispatcher, she noticed Officer Thomas outside and called out to him for medical assistance.

Arriving at Ellis’ front door, Thomas suddenly pulled out his gun when he noticed the family dog approaching him. Although the pet did not attack Thomas, the officer abruptly opened fire and missed.

Advertisment

Instead of gunning down the dog, Thomas had mistakenly shot Ellis’ 4-year-old daughter, Ava Ellis, in the thigh.

While the paramedics began treating her gunshot wound, their daughter Ava reportedly asked, “Mommy, am I gonna die?”

“It hit her pretty much square in the middle of her leg and went through and broke the bone. She had to have a plate and screws to help pin the bone in place,” Ava’s father, Brad Ellis, told ABC6. “Emotionally, mentally she has nightmares. You could see it affects her now and again. I pray with her being young it will fade out.”

According to City Attorney Richard Pfeiffer Jr., Ava was hospitalized for nine days while accruing more than $$250,000 in medical bills. Ava will also require future surgeries to remove a plate and screws in her right leg.

Neither Thomas nor the dog suffered any injuries.

Instead of firing Thomas or arresting him for negligently shooting an innocent child, police supervisors merely recommended a three-day suspension and retraining. Thomas is disputing the decision, claiming that he fired at the pet in self-defense even though the dog never attacked him.

Seeking $$1.6 million in damages, Ava’s family agreed to settle their lawsuit on Monday for $$780,000. Despite the fact that Thomas almost killed a 4-year-old girl, the taxpayers will once again be held financially responsible for another cop’s cowardly mistake.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96187,"It’s official. Etan Cohen agrees with the rest of us — Idiocracy turned out to be a documentary, after all.

Cohen, who co-wrote the satirical, er, now-documentary with Beavis & Butthead creator, Mike Judge, in 2006, tweeted his sentiment on Wednesday:

“I never expected #idiocracy to become a documentary.”

I never expected #idiocracy to become a documentary. — Etan Cohen (@etanjc) February 24, 2016

Idiocracy, which has garnered cult status, follows a man who awakens in the future in America to discover everyone — from average joes to politicians — is an idiot.

Advertisment

Though many suspect Cohen had to have imagined the possibility Idiocracy would prove portentous, the writer claims surprise at its ‘accuracy.’

People reacted to Cohen’s tweet in droves. One person asked, “why not? 1984 became the current handbook for gov’t” — to which he wryly quipped, “and in the words of 1984 this is double-plus ungood.”

Cohen also told his followers, “I thought the worst thing that would come true was everyone wearing Crocs.”

@pimlius I thought the worst thing that would come true was everyone wearing Crocs — Etan Cohen (@etanjc) February 24, 2016

Terry Crews, made famous for his role in Idiocracy as President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho, took the opportunity to express his cynicism about the Orwellian election — in character:

“All y’all need to stop tripping,” Crews tweeted. “Chill the F out, ‘Merica.”

PRESIDENT CAMACHO says: ALL Y'ALL NEED TO STOP TRIPPIN. CHILL THE F OUT, 'MERICA#CAMACHO2016 pic.twitter.com/qj7UgLU20V — terrycrews (@terrycrews) January 14, 2016

To the readers of the Free Thought Project, the notion of idocracy is, sadly, nothing new. As we reported late last year, residents of Bridgeport, CT, were dumb enough to elect a convicted felon as their mayor.

Of course, being a convicted felon does not automatically make you a bad person. However, in this case, there was no excuse.

At 43-years-old, Joseph P. Ganim had been the mayor of Connecticut’s largest city for 12 years before stepping down to be arrested and convicted on multiple corruption charges.

On March 19, 2003, a federal court convicted Ganim of 16 counts of criminal misconduct, including racketeering, extortion, bribery, tax evasion and mail fraud.

Ganim spent years in jail for crimes he committed against the people of Bridgeport, only to get out and be elected mayor.

On Tuesday, December 1, 2015, after being reelected in a landslide vote, Joe Ganim was sworn into the office of the mayor – for the second time. Only now, this pillar of society is a convicted felon.

Idocracy is indeed real.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87927,"Ain’t that Amerika?

By William Norman Grigg

A paramilitary team operated by North Carolina’s Wilson County Sheriff’s Office recently executed what was described as a “high risk search warrant” on a narcotics suspect. The members of the “Emergency Response Team,” clad in black armor, bucket helmets, and balaclavas, found what “nearly a pound of marijuana” – which could be the yield from a single healthy plant – and a single handgun.

A photograph taken by an embedded correspondent for the Wilson Times newspaper showed two of the masked SWAT operators in full military regalia. One of them bore, ‘mid snow and ice, a tactical shield inscribed with a strange device – “Defender.”

To those not of an Orwellian cast of mind, it’s not clear what or whom the stormtroopers were defending. Peace officers don’t dress that way, nor do they conduct military-style raids to arrest people suspected of non-violent offenses. Perhaps most importantly, peace officers don’t wear masks to hide their identity from the people they are supposedly protecting.

Many of the federal operatives who carried out the 1992 siege against the Randy Weaver family at Ruby Ridge, Idaho were cloaked in ski masks. The same was true of the berserkers from the combined FBI-Delta Force death squad that annihilated the Branch Davidians at Mt. Carmel the following April.

The federal marshals sent to “liberate” Elian Gonzalez from his Miami relatives in 2000 wore military helmets and goggles during the actual raid, but insisted on being masked during the post-raid press conference. During immigration enforcement sweeps carried out by Sheriff Joe Arpaio, the deputies acting on behalf of the Mussolini of Maricopa County will often wear balaclavas as they drag people out of cars or away from fast-food restaurants. In one particularly memorable incident, a mother was stopped for a traffic violation and seized from her car at gunpoint by goons in ski masks while her children shrieked in terror.

Advertisment

Beginning in the late 1990s, masked and heavily-armed SWAT operatives with Fresno, California’s “Violent Crime Suppression Unit” (VCSU) would patrol targeted neighborhoods seven nights a week. Rather than investigating crimes and arresting suspects, the VCSU conducted what the military calls “contact patrols” – that is, they prowl “like a wolf pack” (to use the department’s description) and see what trouble they could stir up.

“`Contacts’ generally involve swooping onto street corners, forcing pedestrians to the ground, searching them, running warrant checks, taking photos, and entering all the new `intelligence’ into a state database from computer terminals in each patrol car,” recalled crime reporter Christian Parenti in his book Lockdown America: Police and Prisons in the Age of Crisis. Every neighborhood was considered a “war zone,” and all of the inhabitants therein were treated as “enemy combatants.”

“If you’re 21, male, living in one of these neighborhoods, and you’re not in our computer, then there’s definitely something wrong,” insisted VCSU officer Paul Boyer. This isn’t because such people are unjustly abused innocent people, but rather particularly devious “enemy combatants” who had somehow escaped the dragnet.

The VCSU would often take part in joint paramilitary operations with the FBI, DEA, and the San Francisco Police Department. Those raids were not conducted pursuant to warrants or probable cause regarding specific crimes, but were carried out as a “Shock and Awe”-style displays of military superiority by the local occupation authority. The agencies involved in these raids referred to their approach as “clear and hold” – a phrase that would later be employed by U.S. military personnel conducting occupation missions in Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere.

“I feel bad for the innocent women and children that were here,” stated SFPD narcotics lieutenant Kitt Crenshaw after a nighttime military raid terrorized an apartment complex and netted a minuscule amount of marijuana, “but in a way they do bear some responsibility for harboring drug dealers.”

In that statement we find an eerie foreshadowing of the sadistic, dismissive statement from the operator of an attack helicopter during the atrocity captured in the “Collateral Murder” video. Informed that two children had been severely wounded in the unprovoked attack, one of the assailants sneered: “Well, it’s their fault for bringing their kids into a battle.”

Bear in mind that the military raids in which Crenshaw and his comrades participated were carried out in Fresno, California, not Iraq – and they took place years before the 9/11 attacks.

Remember: This was taking place in the United States of America before the 9/11 attacks, the creation of the Department of Homeland Security.

There are some elements of the domestic army of occupation who are making a token effort to win the “hearts and minds” of those living in the neighborhoods they patrol. A propaganda video produced by the Kansas City Police Department is intended to demonstrate the gentle and humane touch with which the agency carries out its occupation – but unwittingly illustrates just how thoroughly militarized domestic law enforcement has become.

The clip begins with an on-screen narration by a female officer who appears to be on a potent tranquilizer. She soothingly explains that when tactical teams – that is, military units in black body armor – serve search warrants, the element of surprise is important “for the safety of everyone.” She concedes that operations of this kind are traumatic “not only for occupants of the house, but for neighbors as well,” she continues. This is why post-raid neighborhood outreach by the stormtroopers is now standard procedure.

“Anytime we’re going to kick in a house like this, we’ve got kids in the neighborhood … and it kind of resembles a military operation,” explains Sgt. Chip Huth, who isn’t quite honest enough to admit that each of those raids is a military operation, an example of what the Pentagon calls “operations other than war.”

According to Sgt. Huth, “We have to establish objective peace before we can move on to any community-building peace.”

Like the expression “clear and hold,” Huth’s statement was formulated in the language of military occupation: Pacify a targeted neighborhood, then try to win the “hearts and minds” of residents.

This is the “new normal” for young Americans in 2014 – but a mere generation ago it was unimaginable except in dystopian fiction.

Back in the mid-1980s, a miniseries called “Amerika” depicted the United States following a takeover by the Soviet Union. Order was maintained in Soviet-occupied America by a cadre of black-clad stormtroopers whose faces were always concealed from the public.

That entertaining but lurid program wildly over-estimated the Soviet threat to our national independence. However, it uncannily anticipated our descent into quasi-totalitarian rule. The Soviet-style enforcers we have to fear are found in our local police departments and sheriff’s offices.

Reprinted from LewRockwell.com",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95495,"In his sanctimonious quest to revive the laughably inept war on drugs, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions now champions this stellar plan: resuscitate the interventionist prevention program — proven wholly worthless by the government, itself — known as D.A.R.E.

Yep — believe it or not — you heard right: D.A.R.E.

Apparently deaf — or, perhaps, oblivious — to all evidence the Drug Abuse Resistance Education program should better be called an hilarious exercise in how not to convince kids to keep away from substances the State deems illegal, Sessions touted its myriad imaginary successes recently, asserting,

“I believe that DARE was instrumental to our success by educating children on the dangers of drug use. I firmly believe that you have saved lives. And I want to say thank you for that. Whenever I ask adults around age 30 about prevention, they always mention the DARE program. Your efforts work. Lives and futures are saved.”

“We know it worked before and we can make it work again,” the feckless anti-drug crusader and avid authoritarian added.

However, in case it wasn’t obvious in context, D.A.R.E. doesn’t work — it never has — and resurrecting this badly beaten dead horse won’t change that its corpse should have been entombed decades ago.

“I firmly believe that your work saved lives,” Sessions glowingly bloviated to D.A.R.E.’s 30th anniversary training conference in Dallas on Tuesday.

Advertisment

Sessions’ opinion aside, the U.S. surgeon general declared in 2001 — which, should be noted, came long after its 1993 revamping — the putative drug education program had “little or no deterrent effects on substance use.”

“DARE is the most widely implemented youth drug prevention program in the United States,” the surgeon general’s report stated. “It receives substantial support from parents, teachers, police, and government funding agencies, and its popularity persists despite numerous well-designed evaluations and meta-analyses that consistently show little or no deterrent effects on substance use. Overall, evidence on the effects of the traditional DARE curriculum, which is implemented in grades 5 and 6, shows that children who participate are as likely to use drugs as those who do not participate.”

A report from Scientific American at the beginning of 2014 reiterated the government’s findings, calling D.A.R.E. “ineffective — and may even heighten the use of some substances among teens.”

Indeed, D.A.R.E.’s sole efficacy arguably rests in its manipulation of elementary, middle, and high school students as Orwellian child Spies — encouraging them to snitch on drug-ingesting family members and friends — an aspect resoundingly clear in its original police officer-teachers.

Considering D.A.R.E. was the brainchild of former Los Angeles Police Department Chief Daryl Gates — Sessions’ imperious law-and-order doppelgänger, noted for the ignominious belief recreational drug users “ought to be taken out and shot” — perhaps the propagandic assertion ‘drugs are evil’ matters more to the State than actual results.

“We’re going to condemn those people who casually use drugs in this nation,” Gates once sermonized.

Sessions’ championing of D.A.R.E. further neglects its established vapid wasting of billions of taxpayer dollars — as if pleading with kids to just not try illicit substances would abruptly resonate more in 2017 than it did in the Just Say No 80s.

Revisions to the program did little to inject life, given its wholesome ignorance of youth and of the driving factors behind drug use — not to mention brazen or purposeful obliviousness to the radically misguided war on drugs, itself. Vacuous anti-drug propaganda, after all, is little more than governmental hot air.

“D.A.R.E. does not work to reduce substance use,” the National Criminal Justice Reference Service asserted in a 1998 report to Congress. “The program’s content, teaching methods, and use of uniformed police officers rather than teachers might each explain its weak evaluations.”

Since the State repeatedly inveighed its own drug-resistance program as worthless, perhaps the impetus for Sessions’ inexplicable cheerleading of this otherwise dead-in-the-water proposal can be found where it counts — in Washingtonian pols’ wallets.

In February, the attorney general garnered resounding applause from the for-profit prison industry by nullifying President Obama’s plan to pull federal funding — a seeming punitive measure for despicable conditions in the nation’s myriad private facilities — announcing the Trump administration’s full support.

That announcement, however, didn’t exactly emanate from nowhere.

Two former Senate aides of Sessions, David Stewart and Ryan Robichaux, took career paths evincing a muddied, if inextricable, link to the very industry standing to profit obscenely from a renewal of the war on drugs: they became lobbyists for the contemptible Geo Group — a direct competitor of CoreCivic — a development of which the Nation noted at the time,

“Geo had already positioned itself with Trump during the campaign. A subsidiary of Geo gave $$225,000 to a pro-Trump Super PAC, in violation of restrictions on federal contractors from political donations. Needless to say, the Federal Election Commission has done nothing with this information. And the return on investment could prove to be enormous […]

“The prominence of Sessions aides’ lobbying for Geo should be enough to push them past CoreCivic, expanding their share of federal contracts even more. This is simple pay-to-play favoritism.”

Without a continual flux of nonviolent drug offenders, private prisons wouldn’t have a financial leg to stand on — and what better way to ensure full capacity than by moralizing drug use and rolling out ineffective drug prevention programs.

In that context, Sessions’ ardor for decimating the planet’s drug supply — a literal impossibility — and his quest to arouse the empty golem of D.A.R.E. suddenly jive, when factoring in the money trail.

While the United States insists against mounds of evidence to the contrary the Drug War sacrosanct, those actually interested in combating substance abuse and dependence would be better served looking to the revolutionary experiment undertaken over a decade ago by Portugal.

Indeed, Portugal’s earth-shattering 2001 move to decriminalize all drugs — from cannabis to heroin, to crack, cocaine, MDMA, psilocybin, and, well, all others — was found by the U.S.’ Drug Policy Alliance ‘significantly effective in improving public safety and health.’

Decriminalization may seem counterproductive to the average American, having been inculcated with stigmatizing anti-drug propaganda since childhood, but Portugal has cleared overcrowded prisons, reduced crime by orders of magnitude, and given hope to those addicted, as the nation opts for treatment over time in a cage for violators who request it.

By espousing D.A.R.E. and a continued crusade of eradication and authoritarianism in U.S. drug policy, Sessions has chosen fealty to the inept, incarceration-for-profit stalwarts, militarized police, crime, black markets, ignorance of fact, and the inevitable detriment to the collective public health over proven and theoretical solutions.

Sessions isn’t daring anyone to ‘keep off drugs’ — he’s daring Americans to continue buying the fabrication, so the drug war can verify the need for its own existence.

My the pithy among us dare, instead, to declare the war on drugs the deadest horse.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55362,"Denver, CO– A 17 year old girl named Jessica Hernandez was fatally shot by two Denver Police officers early Monday morning.

The young girl was driving a car that the police allege was stolen, and claim she hit an officer’s leg with the vehicle before both officers opened fire on the car containing four teenage girls and a teenage boy. It is unclear who reported the car stolen, who stole it, or who it belonged to. No information has been given on whether or not the vehicle belonged to a relative of one of the teens.

The department has stated that they do not know if Hernandez intentionally struck the officer, but this is the fourth time they have claimed to have shot someone in response to a vehicle being used as a weapon in less than seven months. The officer was treated and released from the hospital with a minor leg injury. Hernandez was reportedly unarmed.

Advertisment

Brianna Diaz, who lives in the house in front of the alley the shooting occurred in, told the Denver Post that her 16 year old sister was a passenger in the car Hernandez was driving.

Diaz told them that her mother ran out of the house after hearing the shots and was stopped by an officer who grabbed her and tried to calm her down.

“My mom told me to start filming, but when I took out my phone, the cop was like, ‘Don’t you dare!’ “ she told the Post.

Neighbors claim to have heard multiple gunshots, and the screams and cries of the teenagers. A video which was sent to the Denver Post allegedly shows the officers moving her limp, silent, and motionless body around like a rag-doll and searching her as she bled out. The officers proceeded to handcuff her body before any medical attention was given to the high school student.

A vigil was held on Monday evening which was attended by approximately 100 people, many of whom were friends of Hernandez. Local clergy and the family of Ryan Ronquillo, the 20 year old who was killed by Denver Police outside of a funeral home after he allegedly struck two officers with the vehicle he was driving on July 2, were also in attendance.

Ryan Ronquillo's mom. I misspelled her surname earlier. Here supporting another family whose child DPD shot & killed. pic.twitter.com/Bn8uneAvgy — elisabeth epps* (@elisabeth) January 27, 2015

pastor: ""we're sick and tired of being sick and tired…""

kid: ""we are sick of this but we are NOT tired! I'm not tired! Jessie's dead!"" — elisabeth epps* (@elisabeth) January 27, 2015

As Elisabeth Epps pointed out on twitter, nobody knows yet what happened in that alley. What we do know is that teenagers have every right to be afraid of police. Perhaps she had heard of Tamir Rice, Andy Lopez, Yanira Serrano, Dillon Taylor, Michael Brown, Joseph Jennings, or any of the other teenagers who made a wrong move and suffered her same fate.

Can we really be surprised by a teenager being afraid and attempting to flee?

Joy riding, something that was once a rite of passage, just like playing with toy guns, has become a capital offense because cops who pride themselves on their “courage” and “bravery” are in reality, afraid of their own shadows.

This beautiful little girl could be any of our children. Please remember that when the police and media predictably begin to assassinate her character in the coming days. This was a young high school girl who was hanging out in a car with her friends listening to music and chatting just before her life ended, and her life mattered. She had friends and family who loved her and many years ahead of her. Who knows what she could have done had she been allowed to make teenage mistakes and learn and grow up.

It was very emotional while #JessieHernandez's friends spoke about her. I'll admit I started crying, too. #Denver pic.twitter.com/ki4GSklsKo — Jasmine Sailing (@madamecp) January 27, 2015

Jessica Hernandez is described by her friends as goofy, extremely loved, and always smiling. There has been an outpouring of grief by her friends on her Facebook page.

The four living teenagers were all immediately taken into custody and the two officers who have yet to be named have been placed on administrative leave.

@CassandraRules LIke the Manic Street Preachers song says….""If we tolerate this, then your children will be next"" — ☯️ King Nurk ☯️ (@kingnurk) January 27, 2015

Jessie’s life mattered.

Help her family cover her unexpected funeral costs here.

Follow @CassandraRules

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89959,"(RT) — In a statement that was not to be made public until his death, the former Israeli President told Jerusalem Post he stopped PM Benjamin Netanyahu from a “catastrophic” military strike against Iran, at the time the world leaders were engaged in nuclear deal talks.

Israel has been the most ardent critic of Iran’s nuclear program for decades, viewing Tehran’s progress in this sphere as a direct threat to Israel and regional security. For years the country has resisted the P5+1 negotiations on Iran’s nuclear future.

Benjamin Netanyahu’s cartoon of a nuclear bomb which he presented to the UN General Assembly in September 2012 certainly grabbed the world’s attention. Having incessantly talked about “red lines” for Iran’s nuclear development, four years ago he literally drew one across the bomb to illustrate the point at which the international community should take decisive action. Netanyahu set his literal red line at the 90 percent threshold of uranium enrichment.

Up until P5+1 (China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, the United States, plus Germany) announced the agreement with Iran in July 2015, to limit the country’s nuclear development in exchange for sanction relief, Israel was threatening to take unilateral action against Tehran.

Advertisment

A day after the funeral of Shimon Peres, Jerusalem Post published the former president’s revelation which was shared with the publication two years ago, revealing that he was solemnly responsible for stopping Netanyahu’s plan. With this revelation, it seems that plans to attack Iran at the time were not just empty threats.

The conversation between Peres and Jerusalem Post Managing Editor David Brinn took place at the Peres Center for Peace in Jaffa on August 24, 2014. During the exchange, Brinn asked Peres what he would consider the greatest achievement of his presidency (2007-2014), to which the elderly president responded by saying that he had personally intervened to stop Netanyahu from attacking Iran’s nuclear sites.

Brinn, in a JP article, published some notes from that conversation, which quoted Peres as saying:“I stopped Netanyahu from attacking Iran.”

“I don’t want to go into details, but I can tell you that he was ready to launch an attack and I stopped him. I told him the consequences would be catastrophic,” Peres was quoted as saying.

When asked by the publication if they have his permission to report on the claim, Peres replied: “When I’m dead.”

After suffering a stroke, Peres died on September 28, 2016, near Tel Aviv, allowing his years-long claim to be made public.

While details of the possible strike were not shared by the former president, the attack could potentially have followed the blueprint of Operation Opera, which was a surprise Israeli air strike on June 7 1981, that destroyed an Iraqi nuclear reactor under construction 17 kilometers southeast of Baghdad.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
80956,"It is common knowledge that the rulers of ancient Rome used gladiatorial distractions to pacify their people and gain their acquiescence through the sphere of entertainment. This tactic is infamously known as the “bread & circus show”.

Fast forward about 1,600 years to the empire of America, and you will see that there is almost no difference between the gladiators of ancient Rome and the athlete of the modern era. The games have changed but the overall sentiment of sporting competition is exploited the same way by the powers that govern the citizens of the United States. Tax dollars are used to build the contemporary coliseums that showcase the present day bread and circus shows on the grand stage of television, bringing in massive profits to the corporate owners with little return to the plebeian investors.

The latest example of the power that the bread and circus holds, is the 2016 NBA finals, which are concluding in the middle of the 2016 presidential race.

After a controversial ejection of the NBA’s first unanimous MVP, Stephen Curry, in the final minutes of game 6, social media erupted in outrage, claiming a conspiracy to rig the championship to ensure the series reaches the mecca of sports viewing, a game 7 showdown that would rake in millions of viewers, equating in the largest payout possible for the NBA profiteers.

Ayesha Curry tweets that NBA finals are “rigged” after Steph is ejected from game 6 https://t.co/1i2fOATAG6 pic.twitter.com/VD1XAD47ad

Advertisment

— BuzzFeed (@BuzzFeed) June 17, 2016

This guy gets it:

Its funny how everyone thinks sports is rigged but nobody accepts that politics and elections might be rigged. Doublethink. #NBAFinals — Andy Kirn (@AndyKirn) June 17, 2016

The indignation of millions of sports fans over the possible rigging of one of the biggest sports spectacles on earth is understandable, but just imagine if that misplaced fury was directed toward something that matters.

There is something more sinister happening to these sports fans yet they do not see it, or if they do see it, they seem to place it on the back burner as a secondary priority.

The possibility of the NBA finals being “rigged” has taken center stage over the outright and obvious rigging of the 2016 election, making it apparent that many Americans feel the destruction of their republic takes a back seat to the performance of their favorite team.

Just last week The Free Thought Project reported that a Harvard educated lawyer is filing multiple lawsuits against Hillary Clinton, implicating her in vote-rigging and racketeering. Since then, Stanford University has compiled evidence in a new study that proves the attorney’s claims to be viable and likely true.

The claims of vote-rigging against the popular Bernie Sanders have been made from the very beginning of the primary process.

It’s not just Sanders that has received this treatment from the establishment. Donald Trump, also the populace pick for POTUS in the conservative camp, has seen his campaign nearly derailed by dirty tricks and rule-bending by the GOP.

The obvious usurping of the American political process by the DNC and GOP this election are so apparent, when you look into it, it will make your head spin. However, who needs to worry about the perpetual war machine and destruction of personal liberties when 10 taller than average humans are throwing a leather ball through a circular hoop on primetime television?

The ability to break-free of everyday worries and stresses through entertainment is important, and if you are able to pay attention to the topics of sports and politics at the same time, this article isn’t directed at you, but for god sakes America, imagine what we could accomplish if we cared as much about our children’s future as we did sports. It’s time to break the trance of the bread and circus, and take our power back before we allow the American empire to pass the point of no return, and fall in the same fashion as its Roman predecessor.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89888,"“I saw a fair number of corpses,” recalled former Knesset member and Israeli government minister, Yair Tsaban, on the massacre carried out on the Palestinian village of Deir Yassin, for director, Neta Shoshani. “I don’t remember encountering the corpse of a fighting man. Not at all. I remember mostly women and old men.”

“An old man and a woman, sitting in the corner of a room with their faces to the wall, and they are shot in the back,” he recounted. “That cannot have been in the heat of battle. No way.”

Yet, despite considerable evidence to the contrary, critics vituperatively insist no such assault occurred, as Deir Yassin villagers were the aggressors against several pre-state militias battling for an independent, demarcated Israel.

A few of the surviving smattering of eyewitnesses and participants in the atrocity relayed to Shoshani haunting memories of the decimation of the village — which began on the morning of April 9, 1948, as part of an operation meant to destroy a blockade on the road to Jerusalem in one of many incidents ultimately leading to what Israelis call the War of Independence — for a documentary entitled “Born in Deir Yassin.”

But, like any nation whose violent aggression leads to geostrategic or political victory over less-prepared defending forces, documentation, photographs, testimonies, and accounts from witnesses to the horrific Deir Yassin bloodbath have been cloistered away by the Israeli government. Seven decades after the fact, multiple records requests from Shoshani and Haaretz were not granted by Israel, under the premise the information would needlessly stir further controversy and possibly damage the country’s reputation.

A mere cursory glance at the information Shoshani compiled for the documentary proves Israeli misgivings more than warranted.

Advertisment

“[O]ur movement carried out a tremendous operation to occupy the Arab village on the Jerusalem-Tel Aviv road — Deir Yassin. I participated in this operation in the most active way,” Yehuda Feder penned in a letter shortly after the massacre, of the operation undertaken by the Menachem Begin-led, pre-state National Military Organization, known by the acronym, Etzel; Lehi, the Fighters for the Freedom of Israel; and other militias.

“This was the first time in my life that at my hands and before my eyes Arabs fell. In the village I killed an armed Arab man and two Arab girls of 16 or 17 who were helping the Arab who was shooting. I stood them against a wall and blasted them with two rounds from the Tommy gun,” Feder blithely wrote of the spontaneous machine gun execution of teenage girls.

“We confiscated a lot of money and silver and gold jewelry fell into our hands,” he said of shameless looting by fighters after they had methodically lobbed grenades at houses, shot women, children, and the elderly, and generally unleashed chaotic bloody terror on the small village.

Unsettling thus aptly characterizes zealousness evident in Feder’s words — though he was far from alone in believing the Deir Yassin assault justified — bubbling unspoken but no less apparent from between the lines he composed 70 years ago. Indeed, the soldier deftly intimated the scope of bloodshed and unapologetic savagery in the concluding line of his letter, writing starkly,

“This was a really tremendous operation and it is with reason that the left is vilifying us again.”

Even with the paucity of solid documentation, thanks to Tel Aviv’s tight lips, Shoshani managed to glean further appalling details from some who took part, including distressing recollections from the Jerusalem commander of Lehi, Yehoshua Zettler.

“They ran like cats,” Zettler chillingly mused to the filmmaker in 2009, shortly before his death, of terrified Palestinians fleeing their homes while pre-state forces lay siege to Deir Yassin. “I won’t tell you that we were there with kid gloves on. House after house … we’re putting in explosives and they are running away. An explosion and move on, an explosion and move on and within a few hours, half the village isn’t there any more.”

Zettler remained adamant until his death that the offensive against the Palestinian Arabs in Deir Yassin was not a massacre — somewhat contradicting his raw account of the aftermath:

“Our guys made a number of mistakes there that made me angry. Why did they do that? They took dead people, piled them up and burned them. There began to be a stink. This is not so simple.”

Professor Mordechai Gichon, a lieutenant colonel in the Israel Defense Forces reserves and Haganah intelligence officer, sent to Deir Yassin after the assault, reports Haaretz, recounted the harrowing scene unfolding as he entered the village decades ago,

“There was a feeling of considerable slaughter and it was hard for me to explain it to myself as having been done in self-defense. My impression was more of a massacre than anything else. If it is a matter of killing innocent civilians, then it can be called a massacre.”

Tsaban, the former Israeli official, recalled deployment to Deir Yassin with fellow members of the Youth Brigades to bury the dead — or, rather, to cover up the enormity of the horror meted by pro-Independence forces in an effort to dodge inevitable brimstone from around the world were the truth made plain.

“The rationale was that the Red Cross was liable to show up at any moment and it was necessary to blur the traces [of the killings] because publication of pictures and testimonies about what had happened in the village would be very damaging to the image of our War of Independence,” Tsaban candidly asserted.

During a visit to the Haganah Archive, Shoshani told Haaretz in an interview in advance of the premier of her documentary at the Jerusalem Film Festival, a man quietly pulled her aside and conveyed he had taken photographs in Deir Yassin immediately after the massacre — but had not seen those images since.

“The man was Shraga Peled, 91, who at the time of the massacre was in the Haganah Information Service,” Haaretz explains. “He told Shoshani that after the battle he was sent to the village with a camera to document what he saw there. ‘When I got to Deir Yassin, the first thing I saw was a big tree to which a young Arab fellow was tied. And this tree was burnt in a fire. They had tied him to it and burned him. I photographed that,’ he related. He also claims he photographed from afar what looked like a few dozen other corpses collected in a quarry adjacent to the village. He handed the film over to his superiors, he says, and since then he has not seen the photos.

“Possibly this is because the photos are part of the visual material that is hidden to this day in the Archive of the IDF and the Defense Ministry, of which the state is prohibiting publication even 70 years after the fact. Shoshani petitioned the High Court of Justice about this a decade ago as part of her final project at Bezalel. Haaretz joined her in the petition.”

Years of persistent, dedicated research and interviews with witnesses and others revealed for Shoshani the true horrors of April 9, 1948, but there are many who take vociferous issue with the incident at Deir Yassin being termed a massacre — a few even assert it never happened.

Politicized selective descriptions aside, however, Deir Yassin represents a symbolic flashpoint in the acerbic battle for land simultaneously deemed Palestine and Israel, marking the onset oppression and apartheid conditions since endured by Palestinian Arabs under the Israeli occupation.

War exploded a few weeks after the massacre, on May 14, 1948, immediately after Israel declared its independence.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38918,"February 28th, 2014

As part of a settlement to a federal civil rights case, the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department will be instituting a new policy prohibiting police officers from interfering with civilians who are recording their actions.

According to Indiana Lawyer, the policy change was included in a settlement agreement with Indianapolis resident Willie King who was arrested in February 2011 after he used his cellphone to videotape police officers arresting another man. King was charged with resisting arrest, disorderly conduct and public intoxication.

Advertisment

An officer then ordered King to hand the phone over. When King refused, the officer tackled him to the ground and confiscated his phone.

Following a bench trial that found him not guilty, King filed a federal civil rights case against the city of Indianapolis and the police officers involved in the incident. The lawsuit, Willie E. King v. The City of Indianapolis, Jonathan M. Lawlis, Robert K. McCauley, Brad Alford, Michael B. Wright and David Miller, 1:11-cv-01727, was filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis Division.

King claimed the city and the officers violated his First, Fourth and 14th amendment rights. In addition, he asserted the IMPD used excessive force against him and that he was a victim of false arrest and malicious prosecution.

The settlement was reached within weeks of King’s March 10, 2014, trial date. Along with requiring the city to implement a new policy, the settlement also awarded King $$200,000 in damages.

Police Chief Rick Hite now has two months to issue a bulletin informing his officers that they should not stop civilians observing or filming their actions in public, so long as the person filming does not interfere with their duties and keeps a “safe and reasonable” distance.

Chock this one up for a win! The next order of business will be to define a “safe and reasonable” distance as this will likely be the chink in the armor that police will exploit in order to tackle the next youtube vigilante catching their dastardly deeds on camera.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74606,"WARNING : The video below contains disturbing images of the argument and shooting of Curtis Shelley in Killeen, Texas. Several family members, including the victim’s grandmother and father, gave permission for this video to be republished.

Killeen, TX — Disturbing video of a murder in Killeen, Texas has been published by the family of the victim as they seek justice for their son who was murdered in broad daylight. The family has gone to the media because — in spite of police have video evidence of the murder — they have yet to charge the man who committed it.

The family is claiming that there has yet to be charges filed because the suspect, who has still yet to be identified by police, is a relative of one of the officers in the Killeen Police Department. An anonymous source has told the Free Thought Project that the shooter in the video below is the son of a KPD officer.

While we’ve yet to confirm the actual relationship with the department, local news station KCEN has confirmed, through multiple avenues that the man is indeed related to a Killeen police employee.

Advertisment

As KCEN reports, on Sunday, Nov. 12, officers were dispatched to the scene around 2:10 p.m. They found Shelley on the ground in the 1000 block of Cedar Drive with a gunshot wound. Officers said they performed life-saving measures until paramedics arrived, but Shelley did not survive.

The investigation determined that “the victim and suspect” were involved in an ongoing dispute, according to the Killeen Police Department.

As the video shows, the two men were engaged in an obvious dispute with the shooter training the gun on Shelley the entire time. As the situation appears to calm down, Shelley walks backward and the shooter has the chance to leave the scene. However, the shooter chooses not to leave and with no warning and without Shelly lunging or otherwise posing any threat, the man fired the shotgun.

The single shot dropped Shelley immediately and he died shortly after.

After viewing the video of the altercation, Channel 6 reports that their Legal Expert Liz Mitchell said it will be difficult for the shooting to be justified.

“I would say a self-defense claim would be very difficult in this case,” Mitchell said “In this case, it’s kind of like that old saying you can’t bring a gun to a fist fight. The person in the white t-shirt doesn’t have a weapon or anything that would justify deadly force in this case.”

The family is now distraught for two reasons. The first reason is that they lost their beloved son, fiance, and grandson. The second reason is that the man who took his life has yet to be charged with a crime.

“When it happens to your family you want everything to hurry, something to be done and to feel like you’re getting closer to the truth. Now there’s the feeling of wanting the guy to at least be arrested,” Diane Shelley, the victim’s grandmother said.

“I wish they could move faster but they’re telling us to give them time to get everybody’s statements,” said Beverly Maire the victim’s fiance’.

As KCEN reports, the family said they asked the detective why the suspect has not been identified, arrested or charged. They claim the detective tells them it’s because they are still gathering evidence and witness statements.

However, this raises the question, how much more evidence do you need to at least bring someone in other than a video showing exactly what happened?

The KPD said they are still hoping more witnesses come forward and they say they asked the Texas Rangers to review the case before it’s handed over to the Bell County District Attorney’s Office — in the effort of transparency.

When watching the video below, ask yourself what possible reason would deter police from going to the shooter’s house and immediately arresting him.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90528,"Manslaughter or vehicular homicide is the usual charge for someone who runs over a pedestrian, except if you're a cop with the benefit of Blue Privilege.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95724,"On Friday, May 9, 2014, just after 5:30am in Killeen, Texas, Marvin Louis Guy was the target of a no knock raid.

The officers were looking for drugs, yet none were found in the home. There was some questionable paraphernalia, but nothing indicative of drug dealing- or anything damning enough for a reasonable person to feel the need to take an officers life.

Unfortunately the danger of no-knock raids is real. just ask the parents of baby Bou or the family of Detective Dinwiddie.

Detective Dinwiddie was one of the SWAT officers who broke into Guy’s house on May 9th, based on a seemingly bogus informant tip off about drugs being dealt from the home.

Likely alarmed by the men climbing through his windows at 5:30 in the morning, Guy and his wife sought to protect themselves and their property and fired on the intruders- in self defense.

Advertisment

Dinwiddie, along with three other officers were shot while attempting to breach the windows to the home, according to the department’s press release.

“The TRU was beginning to breach the window when the 49 year old male inside, opened fire striking four officers.”

Since the shooting occurred during the break in, a reasonable person would assume they had not yet identified themselves as police officers. How on earth is this not self defense?

Prosecutors are now seeking the death penalty against Guy. He is charged with capital murder in Dinwiddie’s death, as well as three counts of attempted capital murder for firing on the other officers during the shootout, injuring one other officer. Body armor protected others who were hit.

This announcement, given by the prosecutor in open court, comes one day after Governor Rick Perry presented Dinwiddie’s family with the Star of Texas award. This award is given out each year to police and first responders killed or injured in the line of duty, the Killeen Daily Herald reported.

Let’s flash back to December, in Texas, for a moment.

On December 19, also just before 6am, Burleson County Sgt. Adam Sowders, led a team in a no-knock marijuana raid on Henry Goedrich Magee’s mobile home in Somerville.

Also startled by these intruders, Magee opened fire, fearing for the safety of himself and his then pregnant girlfriend.

Sowders was unfortunately killed among the chaos.

In February, just a few months before the fateful raid in Killeen, all charges against Magee were dropped when a Texas grand jury refused to indict, based on them believing he feared for his safety and that this was a reasonable act of self defense.

With such similar circumstances and such intensely opposite repercussions one cant help but try to find the differences.

Most obvious? Guy is black and Magee is white. Also, take note of the difference in photos used in the press.

Self defense is a right for all, and no knock raids not only pose a danger to dogs, children, and communities in general- but officers as well. Maybe its time to

re-think that strategy.

We need to end the war on drugs and put an end to this violence.

Estimates show that the total number of SWAT deployments across the country has increased from a few hundred per year in the 1970s, to a few thousand per year in the 80s, and in 2010, the Washington Times reported estimates being as high as 50,000 per year.

Many of these are for nonviolent misdemeanor drug offenses, not big time drug kingpins. Should we really be risking lives of citizens and officers, over what someone chooses to put into their own body?

For more information on botched paramilitary raids, check out this shocking and interactive map from Radley Balko.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104449,"Perhaps the ugliest form of fascism may be found in the marriage of government and corporations. Throw in the specter of terrorism and you have quite a potent method of subjugating the masses. The realm of food is no exception.

Idaho recently joined eight other states—Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, Utah, North Dakota, Montana, Kansas, and South Carolina—to pass “Ag Gag” laws that criminalize the act of exposing public health dangers and animal rights abuses. If a person records pictures or film at animal facilities, including factory farms that supply most U.S. meat, that person can be prosecuted under state law. These laws are modeled after a corporate-produced document called “Animal and Ecological Terrorism in America.”

How did such an obscene thing come to be? There is a little-known but powerful group called the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) that introduces model bills in states across the country on behalf of its corporate members.

Advertisment

Several agribusiness corporations and organizations have been funders of ALEC such as Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill, and the National Pork Producers Council. As with other powerful industry groups like oil and gas or Big Pharma, ALEC seeks to dismantle consumer rights using the power of state government.

ALEC drafted the “Animal and Ecological Terrorism in America” model bill just two years after 9/11, capitalizing on the fear of terrorism that was being stoked by government and media. The model bill goes so far as to compare “extreme animal rights activists and environmental militants” to al-Qaida. It would put people on an actual Terrorist Registry for taking undercover pictures and films that “defame the facility or its owner.” Pennsylvania’s proposed law even criminalizes those who download such material over the internet.

Most people would dismiss the ludicrous notion that health and animal rights activists with cameras are the same as those who blow up innocent people for political reasons.

Consider the undercover video of a McDonald’s chicken producer in 2011, where employees were shown viciously abusing chickens. McDonald’s promptly fired that producer when this was exposed. Consider the secret taping in 2006 of “downer cows” being forklifted to the meat processor. Downer cows are potential carriers of mad cow disease, yet this facility was shoving them in line for packaging. As a result of that video, the largest meat recall in U.S. history took place.

Are these people acting as terrorists when they expose dangers to our food system or hateful people abusing animals?

Since 2010, “Ag Gag” laws based on ALEC’s model bill have been passed in six states. They have been defeated in 12 states, but that does not mean ALEC and its corporate backers won’t try again.

The first Ag Gag prosecution occurred in 2013 in Utah. Amy Meyer filmed a live cow being hauled away in a bulldozer at a slaughterhouse. She was doing this from a public street. The facility owner confronted her and then called the cops. After bravely standing up to both owner and police officer she was allowed to go, only to find out later that she was being charged under Utah’s Ag Gag law. However, when this case was publicized in the media, the charges were promptly dropped.

Wired Magazine details how passage of these Ag Gag laws threatens the already dubious safety of the industrial food system and covers up environmental calamities like manure lagoons leaching into water supplies. There is a notorious lack of oversight at factory farms, and activists fill that role.

Ag Gag laws do more than simply cloak industry from scrutiny. They are a direct assault on the rights of citizens, based on the implication that non-violent activism for public health or animal rights is a terrorist activity.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102642,"Prescott Valley, AZ — The police department in Prescott Valley is offering a reward to the person who finds and returns the police chief’s gun—and it is not because it was stolen.

Prescott Valley Chief of Police Bryan Jarrell claims he cannot find his firearm, and he must have lost it when he went to the restroom during a town council meeting on Nov. 9.

The chief says his gun must have slipped out of its holster when he was changing clothes following the council’s meeting at the Prescott Valley Public Library. The brand of firearm is a department-issued handgun is described as a Glock 19, 9mm in caliber and black. The serial number is YHC 944.

Advertisment

Jarrell claims that even though he believes he lost it on Nov 9, he did not report it lost until four days later. It is unclear why, Jarrell is supposed to wear his firearm daily, and likely should have noticed the weight imbalance on his duty belt. Also, as TFTP has reported, the notion that a gun can merely slip out of a holster is simply laughable as tension locks and restraint straps are standard issue making it nearly impossible for anyone but the gun’s owner to pull it from the holster.

The department says anyone with information about the missing handgun should contact Yavapai County’s Silent Witness program at 1-800-932-3232.

The police department issued the following statement addressing the firearm now missing from the armorer’s inventory:

“On Monday, November 13th, 2017, when the Chief discovered the weapon was missing, he reported it immediately…The lost firearm was entered into the National Crime Information Computer (NCIC).”

This is not the first time guns have gone missing at a law enforcement agency. In fact, the problem extends from one side of the country to the other, even in Washington, DC. From 2011 until 2017, over 350 guns have gone missing from various law enforcement agencies in and around DC. News 4, DC writes:

“A compilation of police records obtained under the Freedom of Information Act reveals a series stolen or lost firearms at large and small police agencies. At least 35 of them were taken or lost from the Metropolitan Police Department in Washington, D.C., since 2011. Twenty-eight others were lost or stolen from Prince George’s County Police. Ten were reported missing or stolen from Alexandria police, while eight were lost or stolen from Virginia State Police during the time period.”

The phenomena of guns going missing while supposedly in safe hands (the police) is quite difficult to explain. First, there are those police officers who simply steal them, such as in the recent case of Simpsonville, Kentucky, police officer Terry Putnam. As The Free Thought Project reported, Putnam allegedly stole over $$30,000 worth of guns, drugs, and cash from the police department where he worked.

There are other officers who simply allow their department-issued firearms to be stolen by others. Since 2010, nearly 1,000 guns have been stolen, were lost, or went missing in the San Francisco Bay Area, as well as across California. Mercury News’ Thomas Peele investigated the phenomena. He described how, through negligence by offices, the guns are stolen:

“Their guns have been stolen from behind car seats and glove boxes, swiped from gym bags, dresser drawers and under beds. They have been left on tailgates, car roofs and even atop a toilet paper dispenser in a car dealership’s bathroom. One officer forgot a high-powered assault rifle in the trunk of a taxi.”

In the same way that few officers actually face charges for the serious crimes they commit, and rarely see the inside of a jail cell, few officers ever face serious consequences for failing to keep their guns safe. What constitutes a felony for the general public, when citizens improperly store their firearms, is barely a slap on the wrist for most police officers. Thus, Prescott Valley’s Chief Jarrell will almost certainly not face any criminal charges for bringing a firearm into a public library, and allegedly losing it when he went to the restroom—something police would have taken seriously if it had been the actions of the average citizen.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102834,"Fraud, embezzlement, and using company funds to pay for prostitution are just a sampling of the accusations against the CEO of fact-checking website, Snopes — a site which, incidentally, is part of Facebook’s new panel to combat “fake news.”

Facebook’s choice to hire Snopes to arbitrate which news items will be allowed to stand and which should receive the Scarlet-Letter label ‘disputed’ already brought outrage — the site is notoriously left-leaning — but an exclusive report from the Daily Mail on alleged shady dealings should turn Mark Zuckerberg’s cheeks a deep shade of red.

David and Barbara Mikkelson, ex-spouses and founders of Snopes, have been hurling accusations allegations at one another in an ongoing bitter legal dispute following their divorce — and many of the claims don’t exactly give the company an air of professionalism.

Last month, David remarried — his new wife is a former porn actress and escort — and is now one of the site’s fact-checkers. As for the accusations, reports the Daily Mail,

“They are accusing each other of financial impropriety, with Barbara claiming her ex-husband is guilty of ‘embezzlement’ and suggesting he is attempting a ‘boondoggle’ to change tax arrangements, while David claims she took millions from their joint accounts and bought property in Las Vegas.”

As the Daily Mail notes, the couple met on an online message board with a folklore theme in the early 1990s, and created a fake organization — “The San Fernando Valley Folklore Society” — which, according to a Webby Awards profile, is “an entity dreamed up to help make the inquiries seem more legit.”

David, now CEO of Snopes — which the former couple created after marrying in 1995 — told the Los Angeles Times in 1997, as cited by the Daily Mail, “When I sent letters out to companies, I found I got a much better response with an official-looking organization’s stationery.”

Although they divorced in 2015, the pair remains embroiled in a caustic legal battle — mostly about money — and particularly concerning each other’s use of Snopes’ funds. Legal documents viewed by the Daily Mail — some of which are verifiable, as presented by the outlet, some not — evince a drawn out personal and corporate quarrel, which a lawyer, unidentified by the outlet, described as “contentious.”

Advertisment

Barbara, in court filings, accuses David of “raiding” Snopes’ bank account “for his personal use and attorney fees” and embezzling “$$98,000 from our company over the course of four years, which were monies he expended upon himself and the prostitutes he hired …”

In a court document from June, she contended, “He’s been depleting the corporate account by spending monies from it on his personal expenses,” such as purchasing his ‘girlfriend’s’ ticket to Buenos Aires and $$10,000 for a “personal vacation” to India.

David later claimed India to be a business prospecting trip to familiarize himself with the country in order to set up a fact-checking site there, and that the $$10,000 only financed 22.5 percent of the total cost of the excursion.

Barbara apparently worried her ex-husband would drain Snopes’ entire account and said he must be prohibited from using the company’s debit card and checks “right away.”

Another acrid disagreement concerned David’s salary, which Barbara was obligated to approve. As the Daily Mail explains, “David wanted his salary raised from $$240,000 to $$360,000 – arguing that this would still put him below the ‘industry standards’ and that he should be paid up to $$720,000 a year.”

In an April email to his ex-spouse, David wrote, “As I said, based on industry standards and our revenues, my salary should be about 2x to 3x what it is now. I’ll settle for $$360K with the understanding that it’s to be retroactive to the start of the year.”

She balked, however, describing that request as “not even in the galaxy of reasonable.”

But the greed-tinged financial battle so divided the former ‘fact-checking’ couple, they even fought over the person assigned to settle disputes as the legal war raged. In fact, court filings show one arbiter subtly suggesting an arbiter step in to arbitrate yet another sub-battle in the ongoing war over money.

In the original settlement, Barbara received $$1.5 million in stocks, savings, and other investments, as well as $$660,000 upon agreement to give up her claim to their home in Calabasas, California.

David, on the other hand, kept their joint baseball card collection of undisclosed value and two savings accounts with a combined balance of $$1.89 million.

Each took half of Snopes’ checking account at the end of 2015, with a balance of $$240,000, and as the Daily Mail reports, “both of the former couple were due to receive $$20,000 a month as a draw against profits, as well as a share of any net profit the company made after those payments.” Monthly payments were later increased to $$30,000 for both David and Barbara.

But their monetary avarice still didn’t cease, as “court documents show that a decision on David’s salary for 2016 became bogged down in legal argument when Barbara referred it to an arbiter, and the appointment of the arbiter became itself a matter of dispute.”

Since the acrimonious divorce, David hired Elyssa Young — better known as Erin O’Bryn, a longtime escort and porn star, and now his wife — as administrative assistant at Snopes. According to the Daily Mail, Young’s escort profiles on professional sites and social media are still active, though it’s unclear whether she still works in that field.

However, of particular concern about Young — given Snopes will soon wield the almighty censorship hammer for Facebook — is her deeply political past. The maybe-former escort ran an unsuccessful bid on the Libertarian ticket for U.S. Congress in Hawai`i in 2004, and became the subject of legitimate controversy for a snafu in which she misspelled her Republican competitor’s name — on her official campaign website.

Young isn’t the only eyebrow-raising Snopes employee — Kim LaCapria, the company’s lead ‘fact-checker,’ boasts openly of being a dominatrix known as “Vice Vixen,” and wrote on her personal blog she “played scrabble [sic], smoked pot, and posted to Snopes. That’s what I did on my day ‘on’ too.”

David, who is legally prohibited from discussing anything concerning the dispute with Barbara, told the Daily Mail there is no “standardized procedure” in place for Snopes fact-checking “since the nature of this material can vary widely,” but the process “involves multiple stages of editorial oversight, so no output is the result of a single person’s discretion.”

Rather alarmingly under the circumstances, he added there are no ‘set requirements’ for Snopes fact-checkers given the broadness of the job “would be difficult to encompass in any single blanket set of standards.

“Accordingly, our editorial staff is drawn from diverse backgrounds; some of them have degrees and/or professional experience in journalism, and some of them don’t.”

Anyone with even a cursory concern about freedom of speech and of the press is likely already distressed that Facebook’s self-appointed mission to slay ‘fake news’ includes only left-leaning organizations like ABC News, Politifact, FactCheck.org, and, of course, Snopes.

But that distress could turn to sheer horror knowing one of these supposed ‘fact-checkers’ can’t agree on a single point, once made up a fake organization just to appear professional — and is ensnared in a war over seemingly every penny.

Snopes will profit from its arrangement with Facebook — but how those profits will be spent appears entirely up in the air — and for the courts to decide.

However, one point incontestably underpinning the personal battle behind the scene at the company demands an urgent question — with money as the seemingly only motivator, can the public ever be assured Snopes’ checked facts are accurate at all?

Perhaps Snopes has finally been Snoped.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38366,"Cibolo Creek Ranch, TX – Since the recent death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, there has been a great deal of suspicion about the details surrounding his death. First, the fact that an autopsy was not performed on Scalia raises suspicion, but then after it was reported that he was found with a pillow over his head, many began to suspect foul play.

This week, another interesting fact has been reported by the mainstream media, which adds an additional layer of mystery to the story.

According to the Washington Post, Scalia spent his final moments with members of a secret society which has ties to the Bohemian Grove. The group is called the International Order of St. Hubertus, and they are an Austrian secret society that dates back to the 1600s.

Advertisment

The Post pointed to public records which show that Scalia was at the ranch with a number of men that he was connected to through the International Order of St. Hubertus. Scalia had met with these same men on numerous other occasions, and once at this specific ranch.

The Post reports:

“Members of the worldwide, male-only society wear dark-green robes emblazoned with a large cross and the motto “Deum Diligite Animalia Diligentes,” which means “Honoring God by honoring His creatures,” according to the group’s website. Some hold titles, such as Grand Master, Prior and Knight Grand Officer. The Order’s name is in honor of Hubert, the patron saint of hunters and fishermen.”

Cibolo Creek Ranch owner John Poindexter admitted in an email that members of the group were, in fact, at the ranch at the time of Scalia’s death, but he claims not to be aware of any connection between the two.

“There is nothing I can add to your observation that among my many guests at Cibolo Creek Ranch over the years some members of the International Order of St. Hubertus have been numbered. I am aware of no connection between that organization and Justice Scalia,” Poindexter said.

However, records show that Scalia has met with these men on numerous occasions, so there obviously was a connection.

The group began in Europe hundreds of years ago but opened their US chapters in 1966, during a ceremony at the famous Bohemian Club in San Francisco, which is one of the most elite and secretive places in the country, and is infamous for hosting meetings for secret societies.

The group documents this fact on their website, which says that “George Wood was appointed Grand Prior and founded the American Chapter in 1968. The first Investiture of American Knights took place at the Bohemian Club in San Francisco. The ceremony was presided over by then Grand Master Karl Messany.”

While the group claims to be a humble organization for hunting enthusiasts, the creepy costumes and rituals, along with the Bohemian Grove connection has certainly caught the attention of many people who are following the case.

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95819,"A jury has found probable cause to bring criminal charges against seven jailhouse employees in the dehydration death of Terrill Thomas. As TFTP reported last week, Thomas’ death was the subject of an official inquest into the circumstances surrounding the decedent and who, if anyone, might have caused his death. The inquest is over and the jury has determined charges could be filed with probable cause.

Immediately after hearing the advisory verdict, Thomas’ family rejoiced over the potential for justice.

Thomas, a mentally ill inmate, had been placed in solitary confinement for seven days. Throughout his time in his jail cell, it was reported not once was he allowed the customary one hour of free time in the yard. Worse still, he wasn’t given any water. Apparently, his water had been turned off, no one turned it back on, and he died as a result.

Advertisment

The Milwaukee district attorney John Chisholm will have the final say so as to whether or not charges will officially be filed against the seven who’ve been identified. We at TFTP will keep you posted with any updates to this story, but it appears justice may indeed be served in Thomas’ shameful death, a passing which arguably was entirely preventable.

After hearing from nine jail employees, NBC News reported the jury deliberated for two hours before recommending charges be filed with one simple word, “Yes.” The jury’s decision that charges can and should be filed will certainly bring some sense that justice will be done, is a welcomed sight.

“I wouldn’t wish this upon my worst enemy…it’ll take you away. I feel like I passed away, losing my father. I don’t have him anymore. I’m not going to be who I used to be,” said Terrill Barns, Thomas’ son. The family is also confident Chisholm will follow through with filing charges against the employees who will have to give an account for their alleged dereliction of duty.

Sheriff David Clarke — whose jail Thomas was dehydrated to death in — responded to the inquest saying the following on Facebook:

“This is part of a process. I respect the process. Jury recommendations are just that. The next step in the process is for DA Chisholm to decide if actual charges will be brought forth. There will be no speculation of what will happen until it happens.”

Unfortunately, we at TFTP wish it were an isolated incident but it seems jails all across the country are now using water as a reward/punishment. Just this week, we reported on the eerily similar case of Madison Jenson, who may have died from intentional dehydration for not being given intravenous fluids after having diarrhea and nausea for days on end.

Jenson requested medical assistance but never received it. She, too, was neglected. Her father called for everyone in the jail to be fired as well as the sheriff. Jenson’s family can rest assured, with the attention Thomas’ case is receiving, his lawyers are likely watching very closely to those proceedings and will demand equal attention be given to her case as well.

Although Jenson’s death happened in Utah and not in Wisconsin, the news that yet another person has died from dehydration should sound the alarm bells for jails all across the country to at least make sure every inmate’s basic needs are being met. That means water for every prisoner, whenever they damn well ask for it. We at TFTP will continue to hold law enforcement accountable for heinous actions such as these.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96120,"“You wanna go to f*****g jail for some reason I come up with?….You wanna try me boy!” “Try and talk back to me again, I bet I could say you resisted arrest, or something!”

If ever you needed a reason to own one of the many varieties of hidden cameras, here is a huge one.

Brett Darrow had a run in with the cops before in which there was a disagreement but he had no evidence to support his claims, so he bought a dashcam. This would be the last time that Darrow got screwed over by police.

Darrow left his phone at a friends house and asked them to meet him in a public commuter lot so he could get it back. At this point the officer from hell pulled up, Sgt. James Kuehnlein.

Advertisment

Darrow captured this power tripping tyrant in his true form. Kuehnlein was fired from the St. George Police Department after the video surfaced. In it, you hear Kuehnline berating the driver, Brett Darrow: “You want to try me? You want to try me tonight? You think you’ve had a bad night? I will ruin your ****ing night.”



However, charges were never filed, and Kuehnlein went to work for the Velda City Police Department. During his time as a cop at the VCPD, he was later charged with kidnapping and domestic assault.



Just how many other people has this monster harassed?

As if that wasn’t bad enough, a few years later, Brett Darrow would catch cops harassing him AGAIN!

Darrow was with his girlfriend one evening when he came upon a drunk driving (DUI) roadblock. Because he was not in his Maxima, Darrow’s only recording tool was his cell phone which captured 50 seconds worth of the interaction with Officer Kevin Lane before the phone was seized and Darrow ordered out of his car. Darrow complied, locking the door while his girlfriend waited in the passenger seat. Officer Lane then took the keys out of Darrow’s pocket, entered the car without permission, and proceeded to move it down the street.

With the phone turned off and no longer recording, Darrow says Officer Lane began yelling at him in a profanity-laced style “very similar to Sergeant Kuehnlein’s rant from the St. George video.” Sergeant David Stuckmeyer, supervisor for the highway safety unit, intervened. He recognized Darrow.

“I want to leave now,” Darrow told the sergeant. “Do you think I’m drunk? You don’t smell any alcohol do you? I’m not slurring my words. You know I’m not drunk. Why am I not on my way?”

Stuckmeyer did not answer. Darrow complained that his car had been searched and that he was being detained without warrant or probable cause. Stuckmeyer insisted that the roadblocks were set up to check for drunk drivers. In the last fiscal year, however, Stuckmeyer’s unit was responsible for generating 2864 seat belt tickets which has helped to land at least $$275,000 in state and federal grants. After finally being told he could leave, Darrow asked for his driver’s license and cell phone.

“Still, as I sit here a few days later, I cannot believe the brazen attitude of all of them towards someone who hasn’t done anything wrong,” Darrow told TheNewspaper. “Apparently they just won’t learn.”

Get a camera, always film, and if you can, get an app that streams the video to another location so even, if your phone is seized, you will still have the evidence.

You can listen to the first 50 seconds of this interaction in the link below.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95896,"“Do you understand that you are under arrest?”

“I am understanding less and less of what you are saying!”

June 25, 2014

Jacob Less, the king of the hobos, gets jumped by OPP.

Advertisment

The cops refuse to tell him why they are trying to arrest him, and he refuses to acknowledge their illegitimate authority over him.

He sings in his regular rhyming scheme, which pisses off the cops.

They try to taser him into submission, but the taser charges his batteries, and he breaks free of their aggressions.

Enjoy.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
52348,"The saga of Flint, Michigan, where residents suddenly found themselves drinking lead-poisoned tap water, demonstrated how people become victims of corrupt government. If that weren’t enough, those who suffer the worst from lead poisoning find themselves the victim of shameless corporate greed.

As the Flint water crisis unfolded and we began finding out that lead-tainted water is a problem in cities across the country, one notorious pharmaceutical company saw a chance to cash in.

Valeant Pharmaceuticals raised the price of a drug used to treat lead poisoning by 2,700 percent after acquiring the drug in 2013. By 2015 – as the issue of lead poisoning became prominent news – the price for a package of vials rose from $$950 to $$26,927.

Advertisment

This intravenous treatment, called Calcium EDTA, has been available for decades at a stable price, and is the most effective for severe and life-threatening cases of lead poisoning. The dramatic price increase has drawn the ire of poison control specialists and hospitals since it began, but their concerns don’t make the MSM news headlines.

“This is a drug that has long been a standard of care, and until recently it was widely accessible at an affordable price,” said Dr. Michael Kosnett, an associate clinical professor in the division of clinical pharmacology and toxicology at the University of Colorado’s School of Medicine and a consultant to the California Poison Control System, who has contacted Congress. “There’s no justification for the astronomical price increases by Valeant, which limit availability of the drug to children with life-threatening lead poisoning.”

The problem is, the drug does not have a long shelf life and is not needed in large quantities, since severe lead poisoning is relatively uncommon. This is precisely the excuse Valeant gives for its egregious price hikes, with a company spokesman telling STAT, “The list price increases over the past several years have enabled us to provide to the market consistent availability of a product with high carrying costs and very limited purchase volume of 200 to 300 units per year.”

The greed of Valeant Pharmaceuticals – which does little more than buy up other pharma companies and raise drug prices – was celebrated by Wall St. for two years until an accounting scandal and congressional hearings began tarnishing its image.

In October 2015, we reported that Valeant raised prices on a number of critical brand-name drugs by an average of 66 percent — five times as much as its closest industry peers. These included Cuprimine, a decades-old drug that treats an inherited disorder called Wilson disease, and a diabetes drug called Glumetza.

Valeant relies on insurance companies and government programs to shield most patients from the skyrocketing costs, but this leads to higher premiums and co-payments, as well as an extra burden on taxpayers.

Doctors have complained to federal officials about the astronomical prices hikes for the lead-poisoning drug and others acquired by Valeant, but the problem is they are complaining to the very State that enables such exploitation through patent monopolies and barring drug imports from other countries.

Even if the patent monopoly has ended on a drug and the free market is allowed, it would take years for generics to be developed in response to sudden price hikes.

As expected, nothing has come of doctors’ efforts to get government to intervene in the Big Pharma fleecing of suffering medical patients. Meanwhile, hospitals struggle with the outlandish price hikes on life-saving drugs, and public health suffers as a consequence.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96857,"Washington, DC – Danielle Hicks-Best was arrested when she was 11 and spent her teenage years as a ward of the state because she reported to police that she had been raped.

When the situation occurred, Danielle was young, scared and confused. When she was interviewed by police, her retelling of the events were not coherent, so they automatically assumed that she was lying. Danielle had informed the officers that she had been raped on two separate occasions. She was even able to provide medical evidence of the assaults via rape kits that confirmed her assault, as well as the identities of the attackers.

Instead of taking the matter seriously, the police insisted that the girl was promiscuous and that the sexual assaults were actually consensual.

The police then coerced Danielle into taking a plea, where she was charged with making false police reports. However, Danielle did not understand the terms of the plea deal, and according to her family, the officers were dishonest about how the case would play out.

Advertisment

“I don’t remember giving lots of different accounts. What I remember was being confused, and I was exhausted, and I was still wearing the same clothes and I felt horrible,” Danielle said.

Danielle was then arrested just after her 12th birthday.

The officers did not give Danielle the benefit of the doubt because she was poor and came from a troubled family. Instead, they expected the worst of her, and essentially banished her to a soft form of imprisonment for the duration of her teenage years.

A later investigation revealed unscrupulous mails between officers who were working the case. They insisted that the 11-year-old was having consensual sex, despite the fact the age of consent in Washington, DC is 16. A consensual sexual relationship with an adult was legally impossible for a child of her age.

One email from a lieutenant working the case, dated on July 27, 2009 said, “Danielle was convicted of lying. No other evidence, so I’d suspect therefore based on poor victim credibility all other cases she reported were suspended. . . . All sex was consensual. Parents are unable to accept the fact of this child’s promiscuous behavior caused this situation.”

However, according to police reports, the family had ample evidence to convict the attackers, who were both adult males.

“I was desperate for the police to do their job six years ago and get those guys off the street and away from Danielle. It’s hard not to be angry when she was the one locked up and labeled . . . A delinquent,” Danielle’s mother Veronica told The Washington Post.

Roger Canaff, a former prosecutor from the area, says that more should have been done to investigate the case.

“I understand why the police may not have believed Danielle’s version of events, because it was unreliable; the account of what happened is so mixed up. But she’s 11, and you have strong medical evidence that she has been sexually assaulted, and she has a history of mental-health problems. I don’t know if they could have prevented the second rape, but the police could have worked with Danielle to develop suspects and, if nothing else, warned them away from her while they were conducting their detailed investigation,” Canaff said.

Washington DC Police Chief Cathy Lanier, who was just starting her position with the city at the time of the assaults, has admitted that what happened was unacceptable.

“If there is a case that has not been handled properly, I think it’s important that that victim or that family hear from the chief of police that we screwed up and we want to fix it. Obviously we cannot turn the clock back and fix things that have happened in the past. . . . The best I can offer the hypothetical victim from six or seven years ago . . . is to make sure if there were any investigative leads that were never followed or things that should have been done that they are done. It’s never too late to try to correct things,” Lanier said.

Danielle says she hopes to get her GED so she can work in a profession where she can help rape victims.

Police officers convincing children to confess or plead in cases where they are innocent is a common occurrence. In a Free Thought Project investigation last month, we revealed the heavy-handed procedures, banned in other countries, for coercing juveniles into confessing to crimes they haven’t committed.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38935,"‘We killed them in their sleep. That was cowardly murder.’ – Brandon Bryant former USAF drone pilot.

In the wake of the Paris attacks, government officials and MSM talking heads are hauling out the same old propaganda and fear rhetoric. They “hate our freedom,” they hate western civilization, the Muslim religion demands the murder of all non-believers. This manufactured rage then manifests itself on the most defenseless—the refugees of war—who in tragic irony seek help from those who drove the cause of their suffering.

As The Free Thought Project wrote earlier, decades of Western meddling in the Middle East has killed countless innocent people and created a million Osama bin Ladens. Those who watch their loved ones die by foreign bombs and bullets find it difficult to turn the other cheek.

Advertisment

This week, a group of former drone operators gave a press conference, where they described the horrific “targeted strikes” that fuel hatred and bring easy recruitment to ISIS. Last week’s terror attacks compelled the veterans to speak out, as they believe that ISIS is fueled in part by the indiscriminate drone assassinations.

Michael Haas, Cian Westmoreland, and Stephen Lewis are former senior airmen in the U.S. Armed Forces. Joined by former Staff Sgt. Brandon Bryant, they have all conducted kill missions in Middle Eastern countries, including Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. They represent the largest collection of drone whistleblowers to date.

“We have seen the abuse firsthand,” said Bryant, “and we are horrified.”

“We kill four and create 10 [militants],” Bryant went on to say. “If you kill someone’s father, uncle or brother who had nothing to do with anything, their families are going to want revenge.”

Since 9/11, the U.S. military has exponentially increased the use of unmanned drones to carry out targeted killings in many countries, under Bush and Obama. Details have emerged on how the drone program relies on unreliable intelligence and kills far more innocent people than it does intended targets.

Haas, who also served as a flight instructor, described the “bloodlust” and indifference to the act of killing children and non-combatants. He also said that some operators would frequently be intoxicated during missions so they could “bend that reality and try to picture yourself not being there.” Members of the drone program refer to children as “fun-size terrorists” or “TITs (terrorists in training),” and say they are “cutting the grass before it grows too long.”

The courageous former drone operators—risking prosecution, threats of violence and “warnings” of danger from the FBI—wrote an open letter to President Obama and CIA director John Brenna in the attempt to inject truth into the whirlwind of senseless rhetoric.

The open letter states that the drone program has “fueled the feelings of hatred that ignited terrorism and groups like ISIS while also serving as a fundamental recruitment tool similar to Guantánamo Bay,” and the killing of civilians is one of the most “devastating driving forces for terrorism and destabilization around the world.”

Westmoreland said, “In the short term they’re good at killing people, but in the long term they’re not effective. There are 15-year-olds growing up who have not lived a day without drones overhead, but you also have expats who are watching what’s going on in their home countries and seeing regularly the violations that are happening there, and that is something that could radicalize them.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88426,"Grand Praire, TX — Rashaun A. Barnes had committed no crime and had harmed no one on the afternoon of July 31 when he was harassed and then attacked by police for no reason. The subsequent assault Barnes allegedly received from the officer has now left him permanently disfigured.

On that fateful afternoon, Barnes, 39, was standing on a public sidewalk outside of a neighborhood convenience store. That’s when, according to Barnes, he was approached by an officer who made him sit on the curb for absolutely no reason.

Even though he disagreed with the officer’s choice to harass him, Barnes complied with the officer’s orders. However, after Barnes says he sat there for 30 minutes in the brutal Texas heat — and never given a reason for the stop — he had enough and decided to walk home.

At this point, according to Barnes, the officer deployed his taser and everything went black.

Barnes woke up in an ambulance in severe pain with massive tissue damage to his face and arms. He was not accompanied by the officer who did this to him and he was never charged with a crime.

The cop simply assaulted him and moved on. However, Barnes is not standing for the abuse and he wants justice to be served.

Advertisment

As the Root reports, Civil rights attorney Lee Merritt, who represents the family of Jordan Edwards, the 15-year-old boy shot and killed by Balch Springs, Texas, Police Officer Roy Oliver in April, is also representing Barnes.

According to Merrit, the police department broke policy by failing to fill out an incident report. He is now calling for a full investigation into Barnes’ assault.

“This is a clear case of racial profiling and excessive force,” Merritt said. “The officer responsible must be immediately suspended and appropriately prosecuted. A full investigation into the incident must be conducted to determine what role other officers may have played in a cover up and/or violating departmental procedures concerning reporting the incident.”

Below are some of the graphic photos showing the injuries sustained by Barnes after the officer allegedly assaulted him.

In the video below Barnes explains the abuse he sustained that day. It is truly despicable.

When a police officer can walk up to a man on the street — who has done nothing wrong — detain, assault, and leave him permanently disfigured, something is terribly wrong. When this officer can do all these things and face no consequences and even make no record of it, the time for radical reform is now.

As the Free Thought Project has reported on numerous occasions, minorities and poor people are the hardest hit when it comes to rampant police harassment. Time and time again, otherwise innocent people are targeted by police for revenue collection or to fish for crimes only to end up in the hospital or worse.

Police, we are told, are here to keep us safe and protect us from the bad guys. However, public safety all too often takes a back seat to revenue collection. Time and time again, the Free Thought Project has exposed quota schemes in which officers were punished for not writing enough tickets.

All too often we hear the ridiculous statement from the apologist crowd saying, “If you don’t break the law, you have nothing to worry about.”

However, that statement couldn’t be further from the truth. Just ask Barnes.

Former NSA official William Binney sums this myth up quite accurately, “The problem is, if they think they’re not doing anything that’s wrong, they don’t get to define that. The central government does.”

Attorney Harvey Silverglate argues that the average American commits three felonies a day without even knowing it.

While most everyone in America commits the same infractions designed for revenue collection, most of the people targeted by police for these crimes are the poor, minorities, and the mentally ill.

As the death of Mike Brown in Ferguson exposed, in 2013, African-Americans accounted for 86 percent of traffic stops, while making up only 63 percent of Ferguson’s population.

For those too poor to pay their tickets, routine traffic stops in Ferguson ended up in repeated imprisonment due to mounting fines. Ferguson was running a de facto debtors’ prison.

Revenue collection, persecution of the poor, and debtor’s prisons take place in every county, in every city, across every state. This institutionalized cruelty is little more than a day’s work for the millions of bureaucrats involved in the racket. Barnes just so happened to find himself right in the middle of it.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103158,"Cannon Ball, ND – Over the past several weeks, the police state has come out in full force as Native Americans fight to protect their water sources from the threat of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Mainstream media remained largely silent as federal, state and local authorities worked on behalf of Energy Transfer Partners to squash dissent.

Even prominent journalists found themselves targets of the State, charged with dubious “crimes” such as “inciting a riot” and “conspiracy to theft of services” – for doing nothing more than filming protests and the ensuing violent crackdowns.

The First Amendment is no obstacle when it comes to advancing the interests of the corporatocracy.

This was put on display again on October 15 when five Native American Water Protectors left a protest near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation to pray on the shoulder of a public road.

Advertisment

In response to this peaceful behavior, 40 cops from at least eight departments in three different states – complete with riot gear, automatic rifles, an armored vehicle and even an LRAD acoustic weapon – swarmed the five praying, unarmed Native Americans.

Video taken at the scene shows the police presence swell as the prayer continued, with one officer approaching the group, telling them they had five minutes to stop praying and leave before they were arrested for “unlawful protest.”

“The law was broken by 40 officers,” said Water Protector Makoons, “including freedom of religion, and speech.”

“North Dakota police departments present were; North Dakota Fish and Game, Grand Forks Police Department, Stark County, North Dakota State Parks, Williams County, and Minot Police Department. Dane County, WI, and Quinn County, SD were also present. More departments may have been present.”

Fortunately, the praying activists were able to leave unharmed by the gang of State agents poised for violence. The militaristic presence is a stark reminder of the modern-day response to the exercising of First Amendment rights. Just as protests in Ferguson and elsewhere against police brutality were met with warlike oppression, Native American protests against threats to their natural resources are treated the same.

“Water Protectors are working to stop the completion of the Bakken Dakota Access Pipeline which goes under the Missouri and Mississippi River and over the Ogallala Aquifer. Water Protectors have taken up camp just inside and outside of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation near Cannon Ball, ND. The Missouri is the reservations primary source of drinking water. Over 100 Water Protectors, journalists, and legal observers have been arrested in recent weeks on charges ranging from inciting a riot to trespass. Journalist Amy Goodman from NPR has been charged with inciting a riot for her coverage private security dogs attacking water protectors. Emmy winning documentary film producer Deia Schlosberg was arrested on 3 felony charges and is facing 45 years in prison.”

Native American protesters have legitimate cause to be concerned for their natural resources, as we previously reported that pipelines have spilled 7 million gallons of crude oil in the U.S. since 2010, with “the annual number of significant accidents on oil and petroleum pipelines” increasing by almost 60 percent. Although pipeline spills are less frequent than spills by truck or train, they have spilled three times as much crude oil over an eight-year period.

Even if the Dakota Access Pipeline is completed, the size and intensity of the opposition has certainly been a surprise to the governments and corporations poised to reap massive profits.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88636,"London, U.K. – Sir Nicholas George Winton is a true hero of humanity, whose name you may have never heard before. On the eve of World War II, in an operation known as Czech Kindertransport, Winston organized the rescue and passage to Britain of more than 650, mostly Jewish children from Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia.

The British humanitarian arranged for the safe passage of the children to Britain and found homes for the children, many of whose parents ultimately perished in Auschwitz . The British press has dubbed him the “British Schindler.”

Advertisment

On May 19, Winton celebrated his 106th birthday.

For most of his life, Winton never revealed his extreme heroism, until 1988, when his wife Grete found a scrapbook in the couple’s attic which contained the names of children saved, along with their parents’ names, as well as the names and addresses of the families that accepted them into their homes. Ultimately, 80 of “Winton’s children” were found in Britain by sending letters to the addresses found.

In October 2014, Czech President Miloš Zeman bestowed upon Winton the highest honor of the Czech Republic, the Order of the White Lion, as a sign of gratitude for his courageous deeds over the course of the Holocaust. He was also nominated, by the Czech Republic, for the 2008 Nobel Peace Prize.

But the most touching moment for Winton came when the world was introduced to his humanitarian deeds during a 1988 broadcast of the British television program That’s Life!, after he was invited to the show as an audience member. In an absolutely touching moment, the scrapbook is shown, as the host of the program then asks if anyone in the audience owes their life to Winton, asking them to stand if so. Virtually everyone in the audience rises to their feet, revealing themselves as the Jewish children saved by Winton 50 years earlier.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103587,"Apple Valley, CA — Three sheriff’s deputies were charged with felony assault on Tuesday after a video captured them beating an unarmed man surrendering to the officers. After falling off his stolen horse, Francis Pusok dropped onto his stomach with his arms and legs outstretched. But video caught several police officers surrounding Pusok, striking him in the head and the groin as he surrendered with his hands behind his back.

At 12:12 p.m. on April 9, deputies arrived near Francis Pusok’s home in Apple Valley, California, to serve a search warrant involving an identity theft investigation. According to San Bernardino sheriff’s department spokeswoman Cindy Bachman, Pusok was already sitting in a car when the deputies approached his residence. Pusok fled in the vehicle prompting a near three-hour pursuit through the desert.

After Pusok abandoned his vehicle and ran into the desert, the sheriff’s department and California Highway Patrol deployed helicopters and off-road vehicles to continue pursuing him. A few minutes later, the deputies received a report that Pusok had stolen a horse from a group of people near Deep Creek Hot Springs. As the deputies tracked down Pusok and made contact with him around 3 p.m., Pusok fell off the stolen horse.

Advertisment

According to the sheriff’s department, deputies used a Taser on Pusok but it was rendered ineffective due to his loose clothing. But video shot from NBC4’s helicopter revealed Pusok surrendering to the deputies by lying facedown with his hands behind his back when one cop appears to repeatedly punch Pusok in the head. The other deputy continued kicking Pusok in the groin as he remained on the ground.

At least ten deputies exhibited excessive force by punching and kicking Pusok dozens of times and beating him with a baton after he had already surrendered. Instead of administering immediate medical attention, the deputies stood around for several minutes before transferring Pusok to a hospital for treatment. Pusok was charged with multiple counts including felony evading, reckless driving, possessing stolen property, and horse theft.

Three deputies were reportedly also hospitalized. Two received treatment for dehydration. According to the sheriff’s department, a third deputy was sent to the hospital after the horse kicked him.

Due to Pusok’s criminal history, San Bernardino Sheriff John McMahon inferred that many of the deputies involved in the initial pursuit were familiar with Pusok and bore grudges against him. With multiple convictions including attempted robbery, animal cruelty, disturbing the peace, and resisting arrest, Pusok had antagonized the sheriff’s department for over a decade. But Pusok’s past crimes did not justify the police brutality inflicted upon him after he had peacefully surrendered.

Charged with 14 felony and misdemeanor counts, Pusok eventually reached a $$650,000 settlement with the county.

On Tuesday, District Attorney Mike Ramos announced the filing of criminal charges against deputies Nicholas Downey, Charles Foster, and Michael Phelps. Charged with felonious assault by a public officer, each deputy faces anywhere from 16 months to three years in county jail. The three deputies are scheduled for arraignment on September 8 in San Bernardino Superior Court.

The seven other deputies involved in the incident were not charged. Deputies Scott Hamilton, David Moore, Dominic Moody, Raymond Perez, Tyler McGee, Detective William Doemner, and Sgt. James Evans do not currently face criminal charges. All 10 deputies remain on paid administrative leave.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104545,"Deltona, Florida – Twenty six-year-old Derek Cruice was shot and killed by police in cold blood this Wednesday inside of his home on Maybrook Drive in Deltona.

Witnesses say that police were conducting a “no-knock” raid where they knocked down the door with a battering ram and entered the home with their weapons drawn. Friends who were inside the home told reporters that police fired their weapons without hesitation, and that it was blatantly obvious that Cruice was unarmed, as he was wearing basketball shorts and no shirt. The friends were also quick to point out that there were no weapons on the property at all.

Cruice was reportedly shot directly in the face by Deputy Todd Raible, and although the police claim that he “advanced” towards the officers, his friends said that this is an absolute lie.

Advertisment

“Volusia County Sheriff’s Office narcotics investigators and the Street Crimes Unit were attempting to serve a search warrant at a residence. They were met with resistance and a shooting occurred,” Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson said in a statement.

“That is completely a lie. I was there; I watched the whole thing. There was no advancement. There was no reaching for anything. The guy was wearing basketball shorts like I am. It’s kind of hard to conceal anything or hide anything when this is all you have on,” roommate Steven Cochran told reporters.

Friends of Cruice said he is not a violent person, and that he was a great human being.

“I drove by, because it feels surreal and Derek was one of the nicest guys I know. You know, it’s not fair for this to happen to somebody like Derek,” friend Devin McGraw said.

Cruice was probably a wonderful and generous person just as his friends describe him, and he is not accused of committing any violent crimes, nor is he accused of any theft, or fraudulent activity. He was accused of vending substances that the government has laws against, and that was enough to condemn him to death.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95357,"The accused was connected directly to the geopolitical centers of power, as Prince Majed bin Abdullah bin Abdulaziz, 29, is the son of King Abdullah the former ruler of Saudi Arabia, who died in January at the age of 90.

On Sept. 23, at a palatial 22,000-square-foot Beverly Hills mansion currently valued at $$37 million, neighbors reported seeing a bleeding woman screaming for help as she tried to scale an 8-foot-high wall that surrounds the property, according to the Los Angeles Times.

Upon investigation by the police, resulting from the call by neighbors, Al-Saud was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. Police reports allege that there were multiple victims, one of which was a female worker who alleged that Al-Saud tried to force her to perform oral sex.

Advertisment

In what amounts to slap in the face of the alleged victims, the case was referred to the L.A. city attorney’s office, for consideration of a misdemeanor charge.

As previously reported by The Free Thought Project, the three women accusers filed suit in civil court days after the incident:

On Friday, three women filed a civil lawsuit accusing Al-Saud of inflicting emotional distress, assault and battery, sexual discrimination, and retaliation against his domestic employees. The women claim Al-Saud attacked them inside his home for several days until his arrest on Wednesday. To avoid paying taxes and fair wages, many affluent residents of Beverly Hills and its surrounding communities often employ illegal immigrants because they are less inclined to report any form of abuse. Although the prince is a royal member of the House of Saud, the U.S. State Department eventually confirmed that Al-Saud does not have any diplomatic immunity.

Al-Saud’s attorney, Alan Jackson stated that his client was innocent and that his client was glad to have resolved the matter.

“The allegations against him are false,” Jackson said. “The decision by the D.A.’s office not to file charges shows that the accuser’s stories cannot be substantiated. The sheik is very happy to put it behind him and move on with his life.”

According to a report by the L.A. Times:

Al-Saud was detained by police for hours last month after a reported disturbance inside the compound, police said. After police interviewed other people inside the residence, they arrested Al-Saud on suspicion of forcing oral copulation. When officers arrived at the home, they found a “party atmosphere,” LAPD Lt. John Jenal said last month.

Since his arrest on Sept. 23, Al-Saud has remained in Southern California, free on $$300,000 bail, according to his attorney. However, he may very well have been back home in Saudi as neighbors reported him moving out the day after the arrest. A scheduled court appearance on Monday failed to take place due to the fact that no charges were ultimately filed.

It seems the wealth and power of being a member of the Saudi royal family gives special privilege. The Saudi royals spend lavishly in the Beverly Hills area and police often give deference to them by engaging in a more hands-off approach.

It should come as no surprise that there is virtually no accountability for a member of the House of Saud, as they break U.S. law with impunity. They have figured out the formula that makes “American justice” work, having large amounts of wealth and being politically connected to powerful individuals.

Similarly to how the U.S. gave a tacit nod of approval to the ascension of the Saudis to the head of the UN Human Rights Council, despite having beheaded more people in the past 12 months than ISIS, Al-Saud was given the Saudi royal treatment by U.S. authorities.

The reality that the accused was the son of the former Saudi ruler cannot be disregarded as a reason for preferential treatment, and why felony charges were not filed.

People in the U.S. are arrested on far less evidence for drugs and other non-violent crimes, but get the hammer of justice upon their head. This man had a bloody woman scaling his wall, screaming for help, which was witnessed by multiple neighbors, and he’s given the green light — because he’s a ‘prince.’

Is this “justice?”

Please share this story is you are tired of seeing “justice” being bought, and want to see system with accountability for all people regardless of class, race, social status or wealth!

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, AlterNet, InfoWars, MintPressNews and maany other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
91119,"Last week, the tyrannical DEA doubled down on their asinine and immoral decision to classify marijuana as having no medical value — promising to continue to kidnap, cage, and kill people for possessing it. However, in a major victory, and a well-deserved slap to the face of the DEA, a federal appeals court just ruled that prosecuting medical marijuana users and growers is now banned.

The Ninth US Circuit Court of Appeals’ three-judge panel has ruled that the Department of Justice (DOJ) cannot spend budget money to prosecute people who grow, sell or use medical marijuana — if they comply with state law.

The 25 states who’ve found themselves subject to continuous raids — in spite of medical pot being legal — will now have solace in the fact that the DOJ can no longer throw money at the futile and immoral practice of arresting people for a plant.

Advertisment

“If the federal government prosecutes such individuals, it has prevented the state from giving practical effect to its law,” Circuit Judge Diarmuid O’Scannlain wrote for the court.

The ruling stems from a 2014 congression budget rule saying that the DOJ cannot use funds to prevent US states “from implementing their own state laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical marijuana.”

Even more encouraging than halting future prosecutions, is the fact that this will help those who’ve already been locked up or charged for having marijuana. By upholding this ruling, those who have been prosecuted can now invoke it to challenge their prosecutions.

The Ninth Circuit held (in United States v. McIntosh) that federal judges should enforce this law by stopping prosecutions for conduct that is authorized by state medical marijuana laws:

Appellants complain that DOJ is spending funds that have not been appropriated by Congress in violation of the Appropriations Clause of the Constitution. See U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, cl. 7 (“No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law ….”)…. [I]f DOJ were spending money in violation of [§ 542], it would be drawing funds from the Treasury without authorization by statute and thus violating the Appropriations Clause. That Clause constitutes a separation-of-powers limitation that Appellants can invoke to challenge their prosecutions….

Marc Zilversmit, a San Francisco lawyer representing Steve McIntosh of Los Angeles, said, “This could be the beginning of the end of the federal war on medical marijuana.”

According to KRON, McIntosh is one of five people being prosecuted in federal court in San Francisco for allegedly operating four Southern California marijuana stores and five indoor marijuana grows in the San Francisco and Los Angeles areas.

These five people are now demanding that their sentences be overturned and their federal charges dismissed.

However, Judge O’Scannlain specifically stressed that the court’s unanimous ruling should not be seen as immunity by medical marijuana purveyors, according to Reuters.

“Congress could restore funding tomorrow, a year from now, or four years from now,” he wrote, “and the government could then prosecute individuals who committed offenses while the government lacked funding.”

As if to downplay this huge victory, the panel also warned that “individuals who do not strictly comply with all state-law conditions” can be prosecuted.

Every time the state rolls back insane laws that persecute individuals for attempting to medicate themselves using a plant, humanity takes a giant leap forward.

While this ruling is certainly encouraging, this is only the beginning. The state’s war on marijuana is crumbling on every front. Twenty-five US states currently allow for medical marijuana while another four states Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Alaska, as well as the District of Columbia, allow marijuana for recreational use. This November, voters in nine more states, including California, are set to decide on whether recreational use of marijuana should be made legal there as well.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
57206,"When Richard Nixon decided to bring the War on Drugs into full force, he signed Reorganization Plan No. 2, in 1973, which established the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). For decades, the DEA has carried out a war on people as it enforces the senseless, unjust prohibition of arbitrary substances.

Government ruins countless lives – locking people in cages for years or life, tearing apart families – for victimless “crimes” such as possessing cannabis or other “illicit” drugs. In a glaring example of hypocirsy, however, the DEA is teaching Americans a telling lesson —you’re not supposed to sell or possess substances that are deemed illegal by the State, unless you work for the State.

In a recent House Judiciary Committee Hearing, the DEA’s acting director, Chuck Rosenberg, was caught off-guard by a question and tacitly admitted that his agency sells drugs and lets drugs flow into communities. The ostensible purpose is to catch bigger drug dealers, but Rosenberg could not even summon the typical bureaucratic doublespeak to address the issue.

Louisiana Rep. Cedric L. Richmond was questioning Rosenberg at the hearing.

Advertisment

RICHMOND: This committee held many hearings, and was furious about the Fast and Furious program. At least from my knowledge of DEA and other drug agencies, oftentimes part of a bigger sting is letting transactions and other things go through. Now, it’s a very specific question. In DEA’s past, present, future, any times do you let drugs hit communities to get the bigger fish? ROSENBERG: We’re not supposed to – no, sir. RICHMOND: Okay. Are you aware of any instances where it may happen? ROSENBERG: I’ll have to check and get back to you on that.”

Rosenberg’s first answer was actually, “We’re not supposed to – no, sir.” However, this does not change the reality of the situation that DEA lets drugs flow into communities and actually sells drugs. Rosenberg didn’t deny it, because denying it would amount to lying.

As the Washington Post notes, DEA’s drug trafficking occurs through undercover agents and the use of confidential informants.

DEA catches small-time drug users or sellers and threatens jail and other punishments, unless the subject agrees to work for the government as a confidential informant. The DEA then has the frightened subjects engage in “otherwise illegal activity,” having them pose as buyers or sellers of drugs.

DEA is “trafficking in what would be considered as large quantities of controlled substances,” as a 2015 Dept. of Justice Inspector General report noted. That report also stated: “These inadequate DEA policies and procedures related to OIA greatly increase the risk to the DEA, the U.S. government, and the public from the involvement of DEA confidential sources in OIA.”

Indeed, the threat to the public is well documented, as some of those coerced into becoming informants end up murdered. In one heartbreaking case, Rachel Hoffman – a young college graduate whose “crime” was smoking pot – was shot and killed after cops coerced her into going undercover for a large drug deal.

No one really knows the scale of DEA drug trafficking, as the agency does not release this information, but outside experts say the DEA sells drugs on a routine basis.

Even more infuriating is the fact that DEA and law enforcement let drugs flow into communities for the sole purpose of seizing cash and assets under the insidious practice of civil asset forfeiture, or policing for profit. As we reported on March 30, the DEA has stolen $$3.2 billion over the past decade – from people never charged with a crime. Drug task forces work the highways where they know cash travels, instead of the actual drug routes.

“We are deliberately letting the drugs get to their final destination, get sold, get used, and in some cases letting someone die of an overdose,” said Brady Henderson of the ACLU.

So let’s get this straight. The DEA, tasked with enforcing federal government’s prohibition on drugs, is actually trafficking large quantities of drugs for the ostensible purpose of catching bigger drug dealers, or just to steal cash from people. After decades of the miserable drug war, drugs and drug use are still as prevalent as ever, so the war on drugs clearly is not working.

But the DEA still funnels large quantities of drugs into communities, even though their success rate at combating drug use is ZERO as drug overdoses are at an all time high. What, then, could possibly be the rationale for continuing?

The thrill of exerting power over the populace is one answer. Continuing the oppression of minorities and dissenters is another. The billions of dollars stolen from innocent people is surely an incentive to continue. Protecting the profits of Big Pharma is another answer to this puzzling irrationality.

The DEA was recently caught deliberately slowing its investigations into the makers of prescription opioid manufacturers, which constitute the biggest and most deadly drug dealers in the nation. The DEA’s first case against an opioid maker faltered, resulting in a laughable $$35 million fine against the company.

Exhibit A of DEA’s astounding level of ignorance and injustice is their maintaining of cannabis as a Schedule 1 drug with “no accepted medical use.” Even as most U.S. states have recognized the amazing power of cannabis to heal a variety of ailments, DEA somehow remains in a state of total denial.

The War on Drugs is a war on people. The DEA not only ruins lives by enforcing unjust prohibition, but it’s also neck deep in the black market.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38815,"Moscow, Russia – During a press conference in Moscow, on Tuesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin weighed in on the ongoing power struggle taking place in the U.S. in the lead up to the transition of power in Washington, D.C. on January 20 – going so far as to call it a “soft coup.”

Putin was direct in his interpretation of events that are currently transpiring in the U.S., noting that he sees the same forces currently at work in America, as were behind the 2014 soft coup in Ukraine. That coup began under the auspices of peaceful protests, but strategically devolved into a violent confrontation that saw Viktor Yanukovych pushed from power in Ukraine.

“I have an impression they practiced in Kiev and are ready to organize a Maidan in Washington, just to not let Trump take office,” Putin said, referring to the Euromaidan protests in Ukraine that led to the ouster of the country’s pro-Russian president, Viktor Yanukovych, in February 2014.

The Euromaidan was used by the West as an opportunity to pull Ukraine from the Russian sphere of influence and into a pro-Western economic and security paradigm under the guise of supporting democratic freedom and fighting corruption. This resulted in an internal conflict of identities within Ukrainian society.

Over the course of the three months that the protests took place, conflict solidarity was seen rising on both sides, as well as clear indications of mobilization by both groups, with sporadic episodes of violence and occupation. After months of Independence Square being occupied by protestors, the tragic events of February 20, 2014, which left over 70 dead, drastically changed the trajectory of the conflict and served as a conflict trigger event that would begin a multilevel conflict action, with the massacre eventually leading to the deposing of the Yanukovych government.

Advertisment

While there is almost wholesale acceptance amongst the Western academics, media, and governments, that the mass killing of protestors was undertaken by Berkut special police and government snipers, due to this narrative’s promotion by the post-Yanukovych government, the evidence underpinning these conclusions is scant at best.

A detailed academic investigation by Ivan Katchanovski reveals that these events were actually a false flag operation, which was planned and operationalized with the intent of overthrowing the Yanukovych government by an alliance of ultra-nationalist organizations, such as Right Sector and Svoboda, and oligarchic parties, specifically Fatherland. Additional evidence indicates that the U.S. was already actively planning the creation of a new Ukrainian government as evidenced by the leaked audio of a conversation between Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs at the U.S. Department of State Victoria Nuland and U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt.

Putin made note that there is an intense behind the scenes political struggle underway in the US, adding that there are certain forces that aim “to undermine the legitimacy of the president-elect.”

“We are witnessing an ongoing acute political struggle in the US, whose task is to undermine the legitimacy of the president-elect,” Putin said, according to the Russian news agency Interfax.

There has been a concerted effort undertaken by elements of the neocon/liberal interventionists (military industrial complex), Clintonites and their mass media allies (Podesta, Wapo, CNN, etc.), the Obama administration and their cronies in the security services (Obama, Brennen, etc.) to delegitimize and undermine President-Elect Trump’s stated foreign policy plans regarding Russia.

Putin sees these anti-Trump forces in the U.S. attempting to “bind hand and foot” the newly-elected leader, with the clear aim of these forces being to interfere with the domestic and international policies outlined by Trump during his presidential campaign.

These “western elites” attempting to dictate public policy from the shadows “severely harm US interests,” Putin said, adding “The media frenzy surrounding Trump speaks of the degradation of US political elites.”

Putin, who noted that he had never met Trump, said he hoped the US and Russia could eventually reset their troubled relations, adding he has no reasons to “attack or defend him.”

“I don’t know Mr. Trump personally, I have never met him and don’t know what he will do on the international arena. So I have no grounds to attack him or criticize him for anything, or protect him or whatever,” Putin said.

While there are certainly a large number of issues to take with the Trump presidency, like the wall, his crony corporate cabinet, etc., advocating for peace with Russia is positively a beneficial one.

It is also important to note that Putin is no angel either. However, he is actively campaigning for deescalation of conflict and has remained uncannily calm as NATO troops amass along the Russian border, which, again, is a beneficial issue.

When you come to understand the vast interconnectedness of the political parties (DNC & GOP), as simple vessels for the corporate security state, you realize the unique threat Trump’s stated plans of rapprochement with the Russians presents to the deep state and military industrial complex, which relies on the “Russian threat” as the driving force for big budget military expenditures.

For example, the U.S. just began a trillion dollar upgrade of its nuclear arsenal. What is the reason? Well, of course, it’s due to maintaining nuclear parity with Russia, thus less tension with Russia equates to less money for the armaments industry. The war on terror was determined to not be lucrative enough, in terms of big budget defense items, thus a pivot back to the “evil Russia” narrative as it allows for more F-35s, tanks, and nukes.

These hidden forces are doing everything they can to continue to paint Russia as the enemy, with little regard for the real world implications of their imperialist policies (nuclear war), as a means of using fear to fleece the American taxpayers out of trillions of dollars.

President Eisenhower, in his farewell address, warned of the dangers of the influence of the weapons and armaments industry – and their corrupting influence on the fabric of American freedom. Without question, the warning of Eisenhower has fully come to fruition with the deep state/political soft coup against Trump.

Regardless of how much one despises Trump, the inherent danger of allowing shadowy forces to dictate public policy from behind the veil of secrecy is dangerous to the very existence of the United States, as Eisenhower warned – and is exponentially more dangerous than any politician – including Trump.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103343,"For many years now, the United States has been fighting, and losing, the violent war to end opiate, opioid, and heroin overdoses. As The Free Thought Project has consistently reported, opiate-related overdoses are now killing thousands of Americans per year, with no real end in sight. Our political foes know this and, according to Russia’s foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, the United States is using its own soldiers to protect the cultivation, production, and exportation of heroin from Afghanistan to other parts of the world.

As late as 2011, Moscow has been voicing its concerns over the drug trade in Afghanistan. Wikileaks published, as part of its Global Intelligence Files database, emails from Stratfor, describing Moscow’s criticism of U.S. foreign policy prohibiting its soldiers from destroying Afghani poppy fields.

In a Stratfor internal email, two Stratfor employees noted the Russian foreign minister’s opposition to U.S. permissiveness in the opium trade. “Lavrov slams USA’s unwillingness to destroy Afghan poppy fields..” That email was dated from 2011.

Advertisment

Also in that same year, Lavrov was an attendee at a multi-national conference on Afghanistan, called the Kabul Conference. There he reportedly made the following statements against Afghani terrorism and drug production. “We are convinced…that the ISAF (international security assistance force), regardless of their withdrawal date, should boost efficiency of their anti-terror and anti-drug efforts and brief the UN Security Council on the implementation of their mandate. A special focus should be placed on combating drugs production, something that stipulates the elimination of poppy fields and heroine laboratories. These topics should be on the radar of our working group that is already being formed,” Lavrov pointed out.

Later, in an interview in 2012, Lavrov called for NATO to begin destroying poppy fields in Afghanistan. From a Russian government transcription he stated, “For the time being, the terrorist threat has not been reduced, whereas the drug threat has been increasing and intensifying. In response to our numerous appeals, our NATO partners refuse to eliminate the crops of opium poppy, although coca plantations in Colombia are eliminated as a key direction of the anti-drug war. We are also concerned about the still insufficient pace of creating an Afghan.”

In 2011 and 2012, Lavrov’s comments were somewhat veiled and not directed specifically at U.S. foreign policy, reading more like a suggestion than an accusation. However, jumping ahead to 2017, and all thinly veiled comments, innuendos, and cultural nuances have now been cast aside, in favor of a more direct approach.

As late as last week, Lavrov’s comments are much more forthcoming and are aimed directly at U.S. officials. Lavrov recently spoke to senior military officers at Moscow’s Military Academy. After accusing the U.S. of using “managed chaos” tactics to increase U.S. influence in “Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, and Afghanistan,” Lavrov leveled, one could say, heavy accusations against the U.S. and its foreign policy implementation.

“In the case of Afghanistan…the terrorist threat has not been rooted out, while the drug threat has increased many times over. The drug industry prospered,” he said referencing America’s failure to combat the heroin trade there. Accusing the U.S. of looking away while the country which produces 90 percent of the world’s heroin supply is equated to giving a free pass to the Afghanis to cultivate, manufacture and distribute heroin. “There is factual evidence that some of the NATO contingents in Afghanistan turned a blind eye to the illegal drug trafficking, even if they were not directly involved in these criminal schemes,” Lavrov stated implying the U.S. (being a part of NATO) might actually be involved in the drug trade.

If the U.S. is involved in the flow of opium into the country it may not come as a shock to some. As The Free Thought Project recently reported, infamous drug kingpin Pablo Escobar reportedly worked for the CIA running drugs into the country, according to his son’s new book. TFTP’s Claire Bernish wrote, “If the CIA trafficking cocaine into the United States sounds like some tin foil conspiracy theory, think again. Their alleged role in the drug trade was exposed in 1996 in an explosive investigative series “Dark Alliance” by Gary Webb for the San Jose Mercury News. The investigation, headed up by Webb revealed ties between the CIA, Nicaraguan contras and the crack cocaine trade ravaging African-American communities.”

Lavrov, historically speaking, has been very vocal of the U.S. and its complicit involvement in the heroin trade, which brings up an interesting point. If heroin and its derivatives are responsible for killing thousands of Americans each year, and the U.S. could have destroyed the source of the world’s heroin and chose not to, who’s to blame for the current epidemic separating parents from their children, creating widows, and addicting millions of Americans?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38858,"Des Moines, IA — Imagine for a moment that you were open carrying a pistol in a public space and all of the sudden, you accidentally squeeze off a round.

There are two possible scenarios that would take place; the first one being that police return fire and you are killed. The second, less lethal result would be your inevitable arrest and charges of public endangerment, unlawful discharge, illegal use of a firearm, assault with a deadly weapon, terrorism, or a myriad of other charges associated with sending a deadly projectile hurling through walls and near the heads of innocent people. You would immediately be facing fines, jail time, probation, and firearms restrictions.

Advertisment

However, if you are a government agent who’s trusted with carrying a deadly weapon into places others cannot, you needn’t worry about any of those repercussions.

This week, in the Des Moines Airport, a police officer proved that he could fire his pistol in a weapons-restricted area and not be killed nor arrested.

On Wednesday, officer Brady Pratt of the Des Moines police department was “practicing his quick draw skills” and “unknowingly had his finger on the trigger and discharged a round into the ceiling tile,” according to a police report.

The deadly mistake sent a round travelling through a wall, into a ceiling tile and into another hallway where it finally stopped in the tile. Out of sheer luck, no one was killed or injured.

Instead of being killed or arrested, Pratt simply notified a supervisor who in turn promised an investigation.

“Discipline is always a possibility when [police officers] are negligent. The level will be determined by the circumstances. There will be a very thorough review,” said Sgt. Paul Parizek, Des Moines Police Department spokesman.

In 2000, a decision by the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit condoned the ability of police departments to discriminate against applicants who were too smart.

We are now witnessing the imminent results of such absurd hiring practices.

A smart person does not deliberately tear gas journalists. A smart person does not point a rifle at an innocent person and tell them that they are going to kill him. A smart person does not severely beat a person with down syndrome because he sees a bulge in his pants, which is actually a colostomy bag. A smart person does not continuously shoot at an unarmed man who poses zero threat and whose arms are in the air.

Nor does a smart person “practice his quick draw skills” in a $$#%@# airport!",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48027,"“You definitely have a dangerous circumstance where you’ve got a guy driving under the influence who is on duty, armed and handling a gun, and you’re going to give him a pass?”



A police officer in Red Bank, Tennessee showed up at a local firing range drunk last week.

The officer was so noticeably intoxicated that he was actually pulled aside by other police department employees and given a blood-alcohol test.

Detective Doug Millsaps blew a 0.114 and a 0.124 on the police department’s breathalyzer after attempting to participate in a firearm training drill, according to police Chief Tim Christol.

Initially, Millsaps was suspended with pay, pending an investigation, but just days later, the investigation was closed and he was forced to resign.

Millsaps will not face any charges for driving while intoxicated, or using a firearm while intoxicated on government property.

Advertisment

According to a report released by Christol, police department employees noticed a heavy odor of alcohol on Millsaps’ breath about a half-hour or so after the training had started. When he was given a breathalyzer test, Millsaps blew twice the legal limit, and was immediately taken to the nearest police station.

However, when Millsaps arrived at the station for booking, he was given some special treatment. The arresting officers allowed the report to be filed without any of Millsaps information, which guaranteed that official charges would never be filed.

Police Sgt. Dan Seymour allegedly failed to put Millsaps’ name into the computer system and instead typed “D, DD” as the name of the suspect.

When asked why the booking process was so careless, Christol claimed to be entirely ignorant of the circumstances surrounding that aspect of the arrest.

“I do not know why Dan did not put his name on there, I did not administer the test,” he told reporters.

While multiple witnesses reported seeing Millsaps firing his weapon at the shooting range, Police Chief Christol denies their testimony.

“The first hour-and-a-half to two hours is dry firing, there is no live ammunition. It is repetition of skills, drawing, moving, the basic skills to reinforce muscle memory. He never fired the first round,” Christol said in his report.

Christol has continued to maintain this position, and since the incident has told reporters that Millsap’s gun wasn’t even loaded when they realized that he was drunk. Additionally, Christol says that since no one actually saw Millsaps arrive to the shooting range in his car, they can’t actually charge him with drunk driving.

“To be able to develop reasonable suspicion for a criminal charge, the officers have to observe some indicators that would lead a reasonable person to believe this person may have been drinking prior to or while driving……This was a case where he was already at work and no one observed his driving to indicate anything like that,” Christol said.

In an interview with Red Bank reporters, Robin Flores, a local attorney with a history in law enforcement, expressed his disappointment with how the case was handled.

“You definitely have a dangerous circumstance where you’ve got a guy driving under the influence who is on duty, armed and handling a gun, and you’re going to give him a pass? That kind of conduct shows that the department and city is more concerned about covering for their cops than protecting the public,” Flores said.

Many other Red Bank residents are upset that the former officer will not be charged for crimes that the average person would face serious penalties for. In the state of Tennessee, merely possessing a firearm while under the influence of drugs or alcohol carries very steep penalties.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
79872,"Aberdeen, SD — Earlier this month, Sarah Lee Circle Bear, a Lakota woman, was jailed on an alleged bond violation over a suspected DUI charge. Circle Bear was booked into jail on July 6th, and would not leave alive.

According to authorities, Circle Bear was found unconscious and not breathing in her Brown County holding cell on Sunday, July 12.

Advertisment

According to KELO,

Brown County Coroner Mike Carlsen says the results of an autopsy conducted Monday were inconclusive. He says he’s waiting on toxicology and tissue results to determine Circle Bear’s cause of death. Carlsen says Circle Bear had minor injuries after a minor car crash Friday. He says those injuries would not have caused her death.

In a report on Tuesday, a reporter for Indian Country Today, Sarah Sunshine Manning, spoke with the family about the death of their beloved Circle Bear.

According to Indian Country Today, witnesses said that Circle Bear was pleading with jailers that she was in excruciating pain. Manning Reports:

Jail staff responded by dismissing her cries for help, telling her to “knock it off,” and “quit faking.” Inmates cried out for the jail staff to help Circle Bear, to which they eventually responded by picking her up off of the floor, dragging her out of the cell, and transferring her to a holding cell. Circle Bear was later found unresponsive in the holding cell.

Circle Bear’s death comes at a time when special attention is being given to in-custody deaths of inmates. Sandra Bland’s unfortunate death has shed light on the brutal reality that exists inside and outside the US justice system.

Another Native American, Rexdale W. Henry, 53, was arrested for failure to pay a traffic fine on July 9. Five days later, on July 14, Henry would be found dead in a Neshoba County, Mississippi jail cell.

The deaths of Henry and Circle Bear haven’t gotten near the attention they should. If no one knows about them, justice will likely never be served.

Circle Bear’s alleged driving record should not have been a death sentence. Please help to spread this story by sharing it with your family and friends so that we can prevent further similarly tragic deaths in the future.

Justice for Circle Bear

h/t Indian Country Today",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103623,"North Charleston, SC — A North Charleston police officer is on unpaid administrative leave after allegedly beating his girlfriend for making him late to work.

Officer Sierra Shivers, 38, was arrested Monday after his girlfriend told authorities that he beat her because the abortion he forced her to get, took too long.

Advertisment

In a statement the victim told deputies she had been 10 weeks pregnant with Shivers’ baby and he’s been pushing her to have an abortion, threatening to have her loved ones arrested with planted evidence if she didn’t comply. She said Shivers then drove her from a hotel to the Charleston Women’s Medical Center in West Ashley Saturday morning to get an abortion.

However, the fact that the woman underwent the abortion didn’t keep her safe from this deranged brute. According to the affidavit, as Shivers was taking the victim back to her residence, she says Shivers became angry that the procedure had taken too long and that it got in the way of paperwork he had to file at the department.

The document states Shivers then punched the victim in the left side of her face approximately five times.

According to the report, Shivers then threatened the victim and told he not to say anything. She stayed silent for approximately 6 hours. Even though these 6 hours had passed, her face was still swollen when she met with police later that evening.

The report states North Charleston police initially responded to the scene, but the victim requested Charleston County Sheriff’s Office handle the report due to Shivers being a North Charleston police officer.

Despite the allegations that Shivers forced the victim to have an abortion by threatening to use his position as a police officer to frame her loved ones, he was only charged with criminal domestic violence. He was released from the Charleston County jail on $$2,505 bail.

The request to have the Sheriff’s office handle the case was a wise move on behalf of the victim as departments will frequently try to cover up any evidence of domestic abuse within their ranks.

A study conducted by the Domestic Violence Task Force called Domestic Violence in the Los Angeles Police Department: How Well Does the Los Angeles Police Department Police Its Own? revealed that performance evaluations of cops with a history of domestic violence are largely unaffected. The study of the LAPD examined 91 cases in which an allegation of domestic violence was sustained against an officer.

Over three-fourths of the time, this sustained allegation was not mentioned in the officer’s performance evaluation.

Twenty-six of these officers (29%) were promoted, including six who were promoted within two years of the incident.

The report concluded that “employees with sustained allegations were neither barred from moving to desired positions nor transferred out of assignments that were inconsistent with the sustained allegation.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103574,"April 20, 2014

A common response to the question of “Why do you pay taxes?” usually includes something about roads, military, and police. The response is normally along the lines of, “well if we didn’t pay taxes, who would protect us and do the job of the police?”

Advertisment

The idea that police protect you is a misconception as they will seldom prevent violence. They normally show up after the violence or crime has been committed and then try and find a culprit, or not.

The average response time to a 9-1-1 call is 10 minutes nationwide. In some cases the dispatchers do not even take the caller seriously and the victim ends up dead, when a crime could have actually been prevented.

The reality is that police act as revenue collectors for the state and are there to enforce the law only.

They most assuredly do not “protect and serve.” If you doubt this claim simply refer to Warren v. District of Columbia , in which the Supreme Court ruled that the police do not have a constitutional duty to protect a person from harm.

Below is yet another incident of incompetence on the part of the ones, people think are there to “keep them safe.”

According to CNN , a Denver woman called 911 when her husband began to hallucinate and speak of “the end of the world.” For 13 minutes, the wife spoke of fear — for herself, their three scared children, her husband. Richard Kirk wanted his wife to shoot him, she told 911. She screamed when he went to the family safe and grabbed a gun. The 911 operator heard what sounded like a gunshot. The wife went silent on the 911 call. Responding police found her dead Monday in the family home with an apparent gunshot wound to the head, authorities said. She was identified as Kristine Kirk by CNN affiliate KWGN.

Apparently Richard Kirk had eaten a marijuana cookie prior to murdering his wife, so we can most assuredly count on marijuana being painted as the culprit, or the gun, and NOT Richard Kirk.

When will this dependency upon thugs with uniforms to provide ostensible safety stop? How many more people will be ignored, beaten, or killed before Americans come to their senses and realize that the system is rife with corruption and violence?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96310,"Louisville, KY — A man from Shelby Street caught an epic display of ‘flexing your rights’ on video when a cop tried to harass him while buying fried chicken.

“I have an ID, OK. But I’m in my uncle’s parking lot. So you tell me, for what reason…what rights did I violate? Am I being detained? Am I being detained?” says the informed citizen.

The cops can only stammer in frustration, suggesting the he has to show his ID and they have a right to question him for simply being in the parking lot.

“Do I need your ID? Yes!” says one cop.

Advertisment

They seem to be suggesting that the citizen might be involved in some kind of drug deal, which they say goes on routinely at the location. But the victim of harassment, instead of engaging in some nefarious deed, was just trying to get some food.

After giving up his ID to one cop, the other cop, identified as Officer Frisbee, orders him to sit down.

The citizen repeatedly demands to know why he is being detained and ordered to sit. Officer Frisbee responds with a completely bogus excuse: “We’re investigating why you’re sitting out here.”

Hilariously, in the middle of the cops’ interrogation, the fried chicken vendor comes outside with the food.

As the cop’s ridiculousness becomes obvious, the citizen drives home the point.

“You can’t just do this. People have rights. This is not right, man. You can’t just run up on me without probable cause. Do you have suspicion of me committing a crime? I’m not on the street. I’m in a private parking lot.”

But the cop continues his downward spiral.

“I’m figuring it out. That’s why we’re talking to you. I’m allowed to come in this parking lot and investigate why you’re sitting in this car.”

This ‘show your papers’ type of harassment, usually predicated on an immoral system of drug prohibition, characterizes a true police state.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89726,"As public frustration helps sound the death knell for the drug war, its arbitrary laws and policies appear even more absurd. In the latest inexcusable enforcement of an antiquated law, 76-year-old disabled veteran Lee Carroll Brooker will live out what should be his golden years behind bars — for simple possession of cannabis.

Brooker had been treating multiple chronic conditions with cannabis he grew in his son’s backyard; but when officials in Alabama officials discovered the three dozen plants, they threw him in prison for life — without the possibility of parole.

Thanks to a pointless mandatory minimum sentencing catchall — and the Supreme Court’s refusal to hear his case this week — Brooker has been left little recourse but to ultimately die in jail for treating his ailments with a plant.

“Alabama, like three other states, mandates a life without parole sentence for simple possession of small amounts of marijuana by people with certain prior felony convictions — and Mr. Brooker had been convicted of a string of robberies twenty years earlier in Florida, crimes for which he served ten years in prison,” The New York Times explained. “In such a case, the law doesn’t require prosecutors to prove any intent to sell the drug.”

Advertisment

Essentially, Brooker has been imprisoned twice for the same crime — because he sought relief from nature instead of arguably dangerous, legal and often lethal pharmaceuticals, courtesy of Big Pharma. Worse, Alabama’s already irrational law sets the cutoff in a case like this at 2.2 pounds (1 kilogram), and Brooker’s plants weighed just 2.8 pounds — but that included unusable parts, like stalks and leaves.

Make no mistake — this is an unjust law, an unjust conviction, and a ridiculous capitulation by the Supreme Court to Alabama’s archaic notion a nonviolent offense should somehow land a vet behind bars for life and separate him from his medicine — as if law were an inflexible monster to be beholden to, no matter its worth.

In fact, as the Times pointed out, “[W]hile the sentence was mandatory, the prosecutor was not required to bring the precise charges that triggered it. Prosecutorial discretion here, as in most cases, is a central factor in determining what punishment defendants face.”

In other words, the prosecutor railroaded Brooker over his personal, medicinal plants — by choice. Brooker, who joined the U.S. Army at age 17 and came under fire in both Lebanon and the Dominican Republic, eventually rose to the rank of sergeant in the 82nd Airborne — where he was decorated for infantry service.

Vox reported that even “notoriously conservative” Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore characterized Brooker’s sentence as “excessive and unjustified.” And according to the Times, the judge deciding the vet’s fate would have preferred to hand down a lighter sentence, but once the charges had been brought as they were, he was obligated to enforce the letter of the law.

Yes, this disabled man technically broke the law; but proffering such a rebuttal rings hollow, if not cold, considering the majority of Americans support cannabis legalization. Legality does not dictate morality.

A growing segment of officials and public figures do, as well, as The Free Thought Project reported recently, more than 1,000 police, world leaders, celebrities, and others signed a letter calling to summarily end the disastrous war on drugs.

In fact, though little comfort to Brooker now, the Drug Enforcement Agency will likely downgrade cannabis from its inexplicable Schedule 1 classification to Schedule 2 — as early as July of this year. Note that while a plethora of viable arguments can be asserted for rescheduling, considering states with laws like Alabama’s — and cases like Brooker’s — the slight concession by federal law would make a comparative, whopping difference.

Brooker attempted to bring his case before the highest court in the land as an inarguable violation of the Constitution’s ban on cruel and unusual punishment — to no avail. The court’s stonewall, in itself, could be considered as much — in an increasing number of states, Brooker’s so-called crime would have been perfectly legal.

For now, though, it appears the 76-year-old will suffer the consequences of bad policy, unjustifiable law, and the cruelty of ostensible authority figures who were all just doing their jobs.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38766,"In Russia, there are free speech zones, gays are persecuted, and speaking out against the state is often met with police brutality — just ask the activist band Pussy Riot. Vladimir Putin is not a hero. That being said, however, on a larger scale, Putin is not attempting to build an empire, he is not destabilizing the Middle East and installing dictators, he’s not funding ISIS, and he tends to resist moves by the globalists that are harmful to the well-being of the Russian people and their money.

As the Free Thought Project reported earlier this year, Putin has begun preparing to release Russia from the crushing grip of the international banking system completely, by moving to a nationalist model based and conducting transactions with allies in gold.

After the massive push toward gold, however, Putin is looking to the future — and the future is in cryptocurrency.

Last week, seeking to further protect Russia from the claws of the international money changing cartel, Putin met with Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin.

Advertisment

As the US seeks to dominate the currency market by limiting the use of cryptocurrency, Russia is proving they are not as beholden to the bankers by facilitating competition with their native currency, the ruble.

As the US seeks to hack, dismantle, and fear monger over the incredible revolution that is the blockchain, Putin wants to implement it.

“The digital economy isn’t a separate industry, it’s essentially the foundation for creating brand new business models,” Putin said.

Putin appears to have chosen Ethereum because of its incredible performance so far this year. In February, Ehtereum was still trading in the low teens but it has seen a near 3000% growth since then. It is also showing the potential to pass the mother of all cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin.

In short, it looks like Russia has plans to deal a massive blow to the banking class and they are looking for the best ways to go about it — gold and cryptocurrency. And, they are wasting no time.

As Bloomberg reports, Russia’s central bank has already deployed an Ethereum-based blockchain as a pilot project to process online payments and verify customer data with lenders including Sberbank PJSC, Deputy Governor Olga Skorobogatova said at the St. Petersburg event. She didn’t rule out using Ethereum technologies for the development of a national virtual currency for Russia down the road.

While central banks across the globe attempt to circumvent the decentralization of cryptocurrencies, they have remained vigilant because of the peer to peer nature of the transactions and the security of the blockchain.

It is also important to note that Russia’s move to adopt an Ethereum based currency is not a flawless measure. It will still be subject to the regulations of the Russian government. However, it is a start and its effect could have revolutionary implications.

“Blockchain may have the same effect on businesses that the emergence on the internet once had — it would change business models, and eliminate intermediaries such as escrow agents and clerks,” said Vlad Martynov, an adviser for The Ethereum Foundation, a non-profit organization that backs the cryptocurrency. “If Russia implements it first, it will gain similar advantages to those the Western countries did at the start of the internet age.”

Rest assured, however, that there are forces in the banking industry who are moving to control cryptocurrencies and stop this progress. Indeed, they are making their own ‘coins’ which will undoubtedly be accepted by governments, easily manipulated, and under total control.

The Bank of England is one such member of the cartel moving to usurp the power given back to the people through cryptocurrencies. Bank of England has an experimental cryptocurrency underway called RSCoin.

RSCoin, however, is the opposite of Ethereum and Bitcoin. Its purpose would be a tool of state control, so the central bank could keep a tight grip on the money supply — ostensibly to ‘protect’ citizens in the times of economic crisis — but, in reality, to enrich those at the top through its manipulation.

The US would do well to get with the times, taking a page out of Russia’s book, and move to adopt and accept the revolution that is cryptocurrency. Otherwise, when the US dollar does finally collapse, it will be the American people holding the bill — a scenario that no one wants to see.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88290,"RT.com

A unique space cannon developed for Japan’s Hayabusa 2 spacecraft has successfully test-fired on Earth in preparation for a 2014 mission. During its upcoming journey into space, the cannon will blast an asteroid and mine samples of its soil.

Advertisment

The test took place in the Japanese prefecture of Gifu, paving the way for the Hayabusa 2 spacecraft to extract soil samples from the asteroid, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) announced on Monday.

During the mission of Hayabusa 2, scheduled to begin in December 2014, the space probe will extract soil from inside the asteroid. In order to do this, it will be equipped with a collision device designed to shoot at the surface of the asteroid from a distance of 100 meters with metal shell ammunition moving at a speed of two kilometers per second.

JAXA hopes to create a small (a few meters in diameter), artificial crater from which Japanese scientists can extract valuable samples capable of revealing the history of the formation of cosmic bodies of this type.

“A new function, [a] ‘collision device,’ is considered to be [on board] to create a crater artificially,” JAXA explained on its website, adding that collecting samples from the surface that is exposed by a collision will ensure acquiring “fresh samples that are less weathered by the space environment or heat.”

Read Full Report",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103153,"Mike Sawyer

August 8, 2014

People come from all around the Chicago area to get one of Keyia’s famous massages in the park.

Families gather, children play, food is cooked and cops…..well the cops obviously ‘protect and serve.’ After all, how would people function in Police State USA without the gentle coaxing of the iron fist at family bar-b-ques?

Keyia is seen explaining to one of the cops that the community is entirely capable of policing their own and do not need such a heavy police presence. Everyone was happy at this party in Garfield park and perhaps that is why the police began to ‘disperse the crowd.’

Advertisment

The keepers of the peace began forcing people to vacate the premises, for their own safety, of course.

Keyia, the generous massage therapist, is explaining the unnecessary police harassment to one of the officers, who is actually listening, when a rights violating super fascist jumps out of her cruiser to wreck the day.

“Did I give you permission to record me?” the clearly uniformed thug demands. Apparently she doesn’t know that in Illinois you do not even need the cop’s consent to audio record them in public.

“I’m recording the whole situation that is going on,” the man, who was filming, responded.

The cop then pulls the camera out of his hand and the video goes black. We can then hear the officer begin the Stasi-esque interrogation and demands his identification just before the video turns off.

Welcome to Police State USA.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103432,"Milwaukee, WI — When Sylville Smith, 23, was shot and killed at a traffic stop by police on Aug. 16th in broad daylight in Milwaukee, WI, his homicide set off violent riots which lasted for days, destroying property, and injuring several other police officers in the process. Dozens were arrested, and the National Guard was called in before order was eventually restored.

At the time of the killing, Sherelle Smith (sister), questioned her brother’s slaying, and openly wondered if the police officer who killed her brother, Dominique Heaggan-Brown, 24, had killed her brother out of jealousy, as the two personally knew each other having grown up attending the same high school.

Smith’s claim her brother was killed by a jealous peace officer, will now have to be revisited, as the man responsible for killing her brother, Heaggan-Brown, has been arrested, but not for Smith’s death. On the contrary, Heaggan-Brown was arrested and charged with felony rape of another man.

The alleged rape occurred on Sunday, the day after Heaggan-Brown had been placed on mandatory leave of duty, pursuant to the officer-involved shooting investigation. Heaggan-Brown met up with the victim, who said he met through Facebook. The two had for drinks at a bar and watched television news coverage of the riots for which the officer’s actions were responsible. According to The Washington Post, the victim said the officer of the peace was, bragging, “about being able to do whatever [he] wanted without repercussions.” After drinking for about an hour-and-a-half, the two men left together, according to the criminal complaint’s citation of security footage.

Advertisment

The victim alleges that Heaggan-Brown must have drugged him, because what he remembers is waking up to the police officer sodomizing him. After attempting to move away, he was reportedly told “no” and wasn’t allowed to do so.

After the rape concluded, the police officer then drove the victim to the hospital at 4:16 am, and reportedly told hospital staff the victim “began to act weird and unresponsive” while the two were at the bar. After staying only 20 minutes, Heaggan-Brown then left the hospital and the victim in the care of the emergency room personnel.

According to the police investigation into the rape allegations, the victim “exhibited signs of trauma” during the police detective’s interview. As a result, a criminal investigation of officer Heaggan-Brown was launched and turned up some very incriminating evidence.

Apparently knowing he was guilty of rape, the alleged rapist then texted Sgt. Joseph Hall, his police mentor, describing his involvement into, “a separate situation” and saying he had goofed up, “big time.” He asked his mentor to help him “handle this [situation in] the most secret and right way possible.” Heaggan-Brown met Hall to discuss the situation in which he described having “consensual sex” with the victim but stated, the victim “was drunk and had ‘medical issues.’”

A week went by before investigators contacted Heaggan-Brown, but when they did they confiscated his phone and searched his home, turning up photos of other sex acts with other men (on the phone) and locating the victim’s shirt, belt, and cell phone in the officer’s car. According to the Post, “While searching Heaggan-Brown’s phone after the initial complaint, authorities then said they discovered evidence he had tried to offer two other people money for sex. They also found images of what the complaint stated were nude photos of another person, some showing sexual contact. This person told police they did not consent to any sexual contact or the nude photos, the complaint stated.”

Heaggan-Brown, Sylville Smith’s killer and now alleged rapist, faces up to 40 years in prison and 100,000 dollars in fines. “In addition to the assault charges, Heaggan-Brown has also been charged with two counts of prostitution, a misdemeanor, and a felony count of taking a nude photo of someone without their consent,” according to the Post. He pleaded not guilty in court Thursday, to the misdemeanors, and has been suspended with pay, even though he has also been charged internally by police for having violated the department’s code of conduct.

The investigation into Smith’s murder, and Heaggan-Brown’s rape charges, are being treated as two separate investigations.

Sylville Smith’s killing was vehemently justified by Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke who claimed Smith would likely still be alive had he been in jail where he belonged. Clarke said Smith was given “light sanctions” for his lengthy criminal record.

But Smith’s cousin says he was constantly being profiled by police, and even more so after Smith won a harassment lawsuit against the police. His family contends Smith was a lawful concealed carry permit holder, who was shot in the back as he ran from authorities. They also maintain he ran from police because he had already spent 10 months in jail for a crime which they say was later dismissed. “He is not a felon. If he was a felon, he would never have been able to get the CCW,” his cousin stated.

And now it’s too late. Smith is dead, and the police officer involved in his homicide is now behind bars, awaiting trial, not for killing another black man, but for the felonious rape of another man, prostitution, and felony possession of nude photos taken without the victim’s consent.

When will the police start to listen to the community? Smith’s sister Sherelle knew something was wrong. She knew the man who killed her brother had a beef that went all the way back to high school.

Maybe if they’ll start to listen and open a dialog, instead of immediately defending their boys in blue, printing out the victim’s rap sheet, and cranking up their public relation’s spin machine, something could be done to change the fear currently being felt in communities across the country.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55712,"Des Moines, IA – A former police officer who resigned last year after fatally shooting an unarmed man and blatantly lying about the incident, was hired by the Iowa Law Enforcement Academy to work as an instructor, teaching aspiring officers how to shoot.

Vanessa Miller first made headlines in June 2015 when she shot and killed an unarmed man. She claimed that she opened fire on Keith Bolinger, 28, from the rolled-up window of her patrol car because he was “charging” towards the car.

Miller said the encounter began when Bolinger pulled his car up right next to another officer’s patrol car during a traffic stop, and then got out and began acting “erratically.” When he returned to his car, Miller and the second officer followed him in a slow chase that was around 35 mph, until he parked and got out of his car again. This time, Miller claimed that Bolinger began walking towards the driver’s side of her patrol car, and she warned him to “Get back.”

While Miller said she “100 percent believed” Bolinger intended to harm her, she admitted that she was not 100 percent sure if he was armed. “I don’t know if it was because he was coming at me so quickly or—they were just down so I couldn’t—I couldn’t see his hands,” she said.

Advertisment

Perhaps, if she had taken the time to roll down her window, she could’ve seen that Bolinger was unarmed.

However, video and audio recordings determined that Miller lied about the encounter, and she made no attempt to warn Bolinger before opening fire out of her rolled-up window and fatally shooting him in the torso. Miller claimed she had to shoot because Bolinger was “walking with a purpose” toward her.

Despite the fact that evidence proved, and the city of Des Moines acknowledged Miller lied about her conduct during the incident, a Des Moines Police Department review committee cleared Miller of any policy violations.

Miller resigned from the Des Moines Police Department in July 2016, but that did not stop her from pursuing another job in law enforcement. The Des Moines Register reported that Miller then went to work as “a general law enforcement instructor at the Iowa Law Enforcement Academy, which provides training for Iowa’s police officers and is headed by Judy Bradshaw, Des Moines’ former chief of police.”

The same police officer who exhibited poor judgment, shot and killed an unarmed man, lied about the encounter, and was then cleared of any wrongdoing, is now free to do the exact same thing again. However, instead of continuing to work as an officer, she chose to go on to work as an instructor where she has the ability to teach aspiring officers how to conduct themselves.

You cannot make this up. The cop who did everything possibly wrong in a situation—leading to the death of an unarmed man—will now be teaching other people how to be cops.

Unfortunately, Miller’s case is not uncommon, and it is just another example of a “Gypsy Cop” who faces no consequences for their actions, but then moves on to another department after their actions generate a certain level media attention and public distrust.

Other cases include a police officer in Texas who was responsible for three officer-involved shootings in two different departments, all in one year; a police officer in Ohio who got his job back after he participated in the execution of an unarmed couple over a traffic violation; and a police officer in Florida who killed a pedestrian with his squad car, punched a child, and spat on a mentally ill man—all in a 3-month time period.

Watch the moments leading up to the fatal shooting in which Vanessa Miller killed Keith Bolinger:",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103934,"Los Angeles, CA – Rob Rhinehart, developer of the “magical milkshake” known as Soylent, has been criminally charged for attempting to build an off-grid “experiment in sustainable living” without obtaining city permits. He could face up to two years in prison and a $$4,000 fine.

Rhinehart bought an 8,422-square foot plot of land on Flat Top Hill overlooking the city and placed a shipping container on it, planning to create a minimalist dwelling with solar panels, septic tank and graywater recycling.

However, any time someone wants to live detached from the government-regulated grid and associated extortion fees, it draws the attention of authorities.

Part of the problem may be that he didn’t move quickly enough for nearby residents who complained about the large red structure sitting up on the hill. They didn’t like that some trash was left behind after Rhinehart hosted a party there, and how the shipping container became the target of graffiti and misbehaving youngsters.

Advertisment

Rhinehart said he would move the structure to a new location, but the city was already working to bring him up on charges. Rhinehart maintains that he spent thousands to improve the land, remove trash and mow the grass on his land and the entire hilltop.

“Flat Top hill has been a gathering spot since long before I arrived. I would be thrilled if the area became a park, but that has not materialized so in the meantime I have a right to use land that I own,” Rhinehart told The Guardian via email. “I want a sturdy, lightweight, affordable home.”

Nearby residents have long called for the area to be turned into a park, but the city wanted to make a buck from it, so they auctioned it in December, allowing Rhinehart to purchase the land.

Now, after residents complained, and with no indication Rhinehart intends to connect to the city grid, Los Angeles has deemed the shipping container an “unlawful structure” and removed it.

“Unpermitted structures pose a safety risk,” said City Attorney Mike Feuer. “They also can be unsightly and erode the quality of life in a neighborhood.”

But Rhinehart wonders where the city was when his property was being vandalized. “My home was graffitied and the windows were smashed,” Rhinehart told the Guardian. “That’s my fault? Where are the police?”

Concerning the residents who complained about the structure, the 27-year-old CEO offered an apology on his blog.

“I would like to offer my sincerest apologies to my neighbors who I upset. As a first time property owner, the container was meant to be an experiment in sustainable housing. In the future, I will ensure that I do my due diligence with regard to all city and neighborhood regulations. Flat Top Hill is a gem of Los Angeles, and I intend to make only positive contributions to the neighborhood and community going forward.”

Rhinehart plans to reinstall the structure or “a new iteration” of his design and build a fence for security and privacy. He also intends to get the necessary permits from Los Angeles, assuming they let him go forward with the off-grid experiment.

But first he has to show up in court on September 7 for arraignment to fight overzealous authorities, who were glad to take his money for purchasing the land but are now displeased that his structure is unpermitted.

Many other cities have approved shipping container projects, as Rhinehart points out. His experiment at Flat Top Hill will tell us whether Los Angeles is on board with the trend toward sustainable living, or thwarts the attempt at living free from the clutches of the government-regulated grid.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87836,"Charles County, MD — An infuriating video posted to Facebook this week shows the grim and infuriating reality of incompetent and power tripping cops in police state USA.

Local artist, DC Prophitt was doing absolutely nothing wrong when he was approached by multiple Charles County Sheriff’s deputies. The deputies mistakenly thought that Prophitt’s girlfriend was breastfeeding their baby in the vehicle, so he decided to ruin their year.

The family was getting gas when their world was quickly turned upside down by badged agitators.

When the video begins, Prophitt is understandably aggravated by the stop and he was unafraid of voicing this emotion. As a deputy attempts to cite the couple for the non-existent “breast feeding violation,” Prophitt becomes even more upset.

Advertisment

“You say one more curse word, you’re going to jail,” said the deputy.

“Can we just get the ticket and go?” asks Prophitt’s girlfriend. “My daughters are in there.”

At this point, the deputy then grabs the woman and forces her to the other side of the vehicle. He then begins to threaten her with arrest too.

When Prophitt gets upset that the deputy is assaulting his girlfriend, he voices his concern to which the deputy replies, “Now your under arrest.”

When they ask why Prophitt is being arrested, the deputy asserts his authority, claiming that he is responsible for regulating how people should act in public. “There’s a certain way to act in public my friend, and that is not it,” spouts the deputy.

When his girlfriend asks why Prophitt is being arrested, she is told to “Sit in the car! Or you will be arrested too!”

The video then ends abruptly. According to Prophitt, however, his girlfriend did not stop recording. After police put Prophitt in the patrol car, they approached his girlfriend, assaulted her, took the camera, and confiscated her phone.

The phone was given back to them only days before the court date on Wednesday and the subsequent assault and camera snatching was deleted.

According to Prophitt, On Wednesday, he was found guilty of all charges and police are blaming him for the negative calls to the department from people who’ve seen his ridiculous arrest.

In the video below, a man was arrested, a woman assaulted, and state violence threatened — for what? There were no victims, no property had been damaged, and no one was harmed. This is the type of behavior by police that is driving a wedge in society between the state and everyone else.

Of course, people will say that Prophitt should have just been quiet, accepted the ticket, and he would have avoided the arrest. This is probably true. However, Prophitt’s anger is entirely understandable. He had harmed no one, yet he was surrounded by multiple armed state antagonists, who could and would have killed him with impunity.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103209,"Arlington, TX — In a brief video posted to YouTube, a man claiming to be a former cop, lets an officer who pulled him over for no reason have it. He then goes on his way.

YouTube user James Neighbors posted this police interaction that started with an officer flexing his ego. However, that ego would soon cower in defeat.

According to Neighbors just before getting pulled over, the driver of the vehicle and former cop, witnessed the police officer speed “around the driver and pull into a school unloading zone- all without turning on his lights. Then the cop, without warning, angled his cruiser into oncoming traffic.”

Advertisment

The former cop then “honked his horn and had to avoid hitting the cruiser that was partially blocking the driver’s lane,” Neighbors said.

This cop’s ego couldn’t take being called out for his reckless driving.

“After the honk, the cop turned on his lights, pulled out, and pulled the driver over,” explains Neighbors.

The man had legally sounded his horn “to provide an audible warning,” as stated in Subchapter J of the Texas Transporation Code, but was pulled over despite not breaking any law.

The former cop, knowing he had committed no crime, refused to be bullied by the cop on a power trip. What happens next, is a scolding that this officer has probably never seen, even from his own Captain.

This Arlington officer may think twice before flexing that ego of his again.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
40020,"Last year, Baron David de Rothschild was indicted by the French government after he was accused of fraud in a scheme that allegedly embezzled large sums of money from British pensioners.

It has taken many years to bring this case against Rothschild and his company the Rothschild Financial Services Group, which trapped hundreds of pensioners in a bogus loan scheme between the years of 2005 and 2008.

Advertisment

One by one the pensioners lost their money and pressed charges against the notorious banker, beginning a case that would take many years to get even an indictment.

In June, Paris-based liaison judge Javier Gómez Bermudez ruled that Rothschild must face a trial for his crimes, and ordered local police to seek him out in his various mansions that are spread throughout the country.

“It is a good step in the right direction. The courts are now in agreement with us that there is enough evidence to interrogate Baron Rothschild. The first thing they will have to do is find him. Once they have done that they can begin to question him. It is a real breakthrough moment for everyone involved,” lawyer Antonio Flores of Lawbird told the Olive Press after the ruling.

“In short, independently of what happened to the investment, Rothschild advertised a loan aimed at reducing inheritance tax, which is a breach of tax law,” he added.

While news of a single Rothschild being indicted is certainly noteworthy, a particularly important announcement was made this Friday.

The French government announced that it has launched an investigation into the entire Swiss branch of the Rothschild’s banking empire.

According to Bloomberg,

The Swiss unit of Edmond de Rothschild said it’s the subject of a French probe regarding a former business relationship managed by a former employee. “Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA is actively participating in the criminal investigation under way,” the Geneva-based bank said in an e-mailed statement on Friday. “The bank denies all the allegations that have been made against it.” Edmond de Rothschild, a private banking and asset management firm established in Paris in 1953, oversees about 150 billion euros ($$164 billion) and is led today by Baron Benjamin de Rothschild and his wife Ariane. The Swiss unit traces its roots to the acquisition of Banque Privee in Geneva in 1965. The company has no further comment at this time, according to the statement. Officials in Geneva weren’t immediately available to respond to a telephone call from Bloomberg News on Friday.

The Rothschild empire has been instrumental in helping move the global elite’s wealth from traditional tax havens like the Bahamas, Switzerland and the British Virgin Islands to the U.S.

Last month, the Free Thought Project reported on the above the law tax haven established inside the United States by the Rothschilds.

After opening a trust company in Reno, Nev., Rothschild & Co. began ushering the massive fortunes of the world’s most wealthy individuals out of typical tax havens, and into the Rothschild run U.S. trusts, which are exempt from the international reporting requirements.

The Rothschild banking dynasty is a family line that has been accused of pulling the political strings of many different governments through their control of various economic systems throughout the world.

Historically, there is ample evidence to show that the family has used insider trading to bilk money from both private and public funds.

During the Battle of Waterloo in the Napoleonic wars, Nathan Rothschild was responsible for one of the oldest cases of “insider trading,” which led to the Rothschild family robbing a whole nation blind. In 1815 when the battle of Waterloo took place, there were no quick methods of communication like we have today so messengers were used for communication in times of war. The Rothschild’s took advantage of this by having spies on the frontlines of the battle who would return information to the family faster than the messengers used by the military.

When the British won the war, Nathan Rothschild, was of course, the first to know, and he immediately went to the stock exchange and started selling stocks while putting out the rumor that the French had won the war. This created a panic on the floor of the stock exchange and investors all over England began frantically selling their stocks. With the price of all stocks plummeting Rothschild was able to buy out the whole English market for a fraction of its cost. When word returned that the English had actually been victorious, the value of the market soared, and overnight Nathan Rothschild expanded his family’s wealth, and cemented their position as one of the richest families in the world.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95796,"“We say that Selma is now, because the struggle for justice is right now.”

Los Angeles, CA– John Legend and Common took home the win for Best Original Song for “Glory” after performing it at the 87th Academy Awards on Sunday evening in Los Angeles.

After the two men had accepted their award, they used their time with the microphone to call attention to some of the huge issues that people are fighting in our country today. They asserted their solidarity with those who continue to march for justice.

An #Oscars Music Moment from @ATT: John Legend and Common win the 2015 Oscar for Best Original song for “Glory.""https://t.co/E817rL0cc1 — ABC Network (@ABCNetwork) February 23, 2015

Advertisment

“We live in the most incarcerated county in the world, there are more black men under correctional control today than there were under slavery in 1850.” Legend stated.

This was not their first time using an acceptance speech for good, either. At the Golden Globes, last month when accepting their award for best original song they also made sure to declare that Selma is now.

“The first day I stepped on the set of Selma, I began to feel like this was bigger a movie. As I got to know the people of the Civil Rights Movement, I realized, I am the hopeful black woman who was denied her right to vote. I am the caring white supporter, killed on the front lines of freedom. I am the unarmed black kid, who maybe needed a helping hand, but instead was given a bullet. I am the two fallen police officers murdered in the line of duty. Selma has awakened my humanity, and I thank you Ava.” Common stated after accepting the Golden Globe.

At the Grammy’s, Common took to the stage after Beyonce to do his part to raise awareness. During the performance, Common subtly called out police brutality and institutional racism by holding up his hands in the “Don’t Shoot” protest gesture.

Many are often quick to jump on celebrities who show support for social issues and causes, calling them opportunistic, yet in the same breath will attack those who say and do nothing.

With mainstream media’s interest in these issues waning, it is more important than ever for people to keep bringing it up, and to keep forcing those who would prefer to turn away to look and listen.

Common and John Legend should be applauded for raising their voices in front of so many and in such a meaningful way. Imagine the power if more celebrities would follow their lead.

Selma is now, and we cannot stop until we win.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103163,"St. Louis, MO– A well known livestreamer and activist for Anon Cop Watch was seemingly targeted on Saturday as St. Louis Police decided to do a “random pedestrian check” and illegally detain and run him for warrants, while he was simply trying to walk to the store for cigarettes.

The man is best known for his activism and streaming of Ferguson and St. Louis protests, however, he was not at or covering a protest at this time.

Luckily he knows the importance and value in filming the police and immediately turned on his camera to capture what was happening.

Advertisment

In the video, we see the officer aggressively and repeatedly demanding ID and the streamer exercising his rights and asking if he is being detained.

You are only required to produce your actual physical driver’s license in two separate scenarios.

1. You are the driver in a motor vehicle that is pulled over in a checkpoint that comports with Brown v Texas 443 U.S. 47 (1979) and more specifically State vs Deskins, 234 Kan. 529 (Kan. 1983)

2. If you are driving a motor vehicle and you are pulled over by a law enforcement officer and there is at least articulable and reasonable suspicion to believe that the driver or a passenger in the motor vehicle was engaged or had engaged in criminal conduct. Brown v Texas 443 U.S. 47 (1979) This instance is better explained in Delaware vs. Prouse 99 S. Ct 1391. (1979)

The officer responds, “yes, you are right now. Give me your identification.”

The streamer asks the officer why, and he explains that it is for standing in the parking lot, yelling and causing a disturbance. All of which happened after the officer began demanding his identification.

The Free Thought Project spoke with this live streamer and asked him if the officer’s gave him any reason for why he was detained, he told us;

“The disturbance that the cops said I was causing was me getting pissed off about him asking for my ID.”

Eventually another officer approaches and returns the identification claiming he was never detained and could have walked away at any time, completely contradicting the first officer who claimed he was detained to get his ID out of him.

Did these cops happen to notice the camera and change their tune? Unfortunately, had he not have been filming, its very likely that this could have gone very differently.

My livestream just stopped me from being illegally detained by @SLMPD #FilmThePolice — Anonymous Cop Watch (@AnonCopWatch) December 14, 2014

Know your rights, and always film the police to protect yourself and others.

7 Rules For Recording Police",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88226,"Angry, hypocritical liberals by the thousands took to the streets to protest the election, and called for the assassination of Trump.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48366,"Apparently the fact that his fellow officer was wearing a uniform was irrelevant. Kick to the head first ask questions later.

Brooklyn, NY — An undercover NYPD cop was hurrying in to help fellow officers who were making an arrest when he apparently mistook a colleague for a suspect and kicked him in the head.

A video obtained by On the Inside, taken by Rod Risbrook, documents the incident.

The undercover officer wearing a gray hoodie, is seen walking up to a uniformed officer, who is wrestling with a suspect, and kicks him right in the head.

Advertisment

The undercover officer apparently had no idea what he was walking up to, other than a fight between a suspect and a cop. But his lack of information did not stop him from kicking heads first and asking questions later.

Apparently the struggle began over an alleged fair-dodger. When the situation escalated into violence, the soon to be victim cop grabs the suspect in a choke hold and brings him to the ground.

Actually, it was most likely a ‘headlock’ and not a ‘choke hold’ as choke holds are illegal for the NYPD to use and the NYPD would never do anything illegal. *end sarcasm*

Shortly after going to the ground, the two are entangled and here comes officer “confused and aggressive.” Around the 15 second mark in the video, officer “confused and aggressive” kicks his fellow choke holding officer in the head. Realizing his error, he rubs the head of the officer who he just kicked, in an attempt to acknowledge his mistake.

According to On the Inside, the undercover anti-crime unit officer from the 60th Precinct, whose identity was not released, was stripped of his gun and badge and placed on modified duty after the 90-second clip surfaced, officials said. The incident is now being investigated by the NYPD’s Internal Affairs Bureau along with the office of Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth Thompson, officials say.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
40611,"Pinellas County, FL — Tragically shocking dashcam footage released earlier this week proved Pinellas County Sheriff’s deputies lied about trying to save three teen girls from drowning as the car they had been driving sank below murky waters.

Deputies had previously claimed in reports they’d removed gun belts and clothing, and had entered the water to try to save the three young victims. Social media exploded in anger with the release of dashcam footage of the incident, as many understandably questioned whether the deputies had done enough — or, indeed, anything at all — to assist the teens.

On Friday, beyond comprehension — and despite both video evidence to the contrary, as well as the outright lies said to be contained in deputies’ reports — Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri vigorously defended the (non) actions of his employees. Far worse, he appeared to blame the victims — essentially justifying their deaths for crimes they allegedly committed just prior to drowning — inexcusably sloughing off the fundamental right of every American to due process.

“In reports that were written by the deputies who took their gun belts off, their clothes off and went in the water — those deputies aren’t lying,” Gualtieri asserted, according to local station, Bay News 9.

As Bay News 9 explained, the Sheriff “emphasized” the 15- and 16-year-old teens had been fleeing police before they drowned while deputies watched.

“This isn’t a problem with the sheriff’s office,” Gualtieri scoffed. “This isn’t a problem with the police. This is a problem with those kids engaged in criminal conduct and running from the police. The police tried to go into the water and save their life [sic] and they couldn’t do it.”

Advertisment

Families of the girls publicly questioned whether deputies had, in fact, acted sufficiently to save lives.

Further, as Gualtieri readily admitted, one of the deputies on scene that morning was a member of their dive squad — but had decided against what would have been too risky a rescue, given the muddy, murky condition of the water.

Audio evidence of this decision, however, either doesn’t exist or wasn’t captured in recordings.

In fact, captured on both audio and video is a bone-chilling lack of action as deputies stand on the shore, witnessing the vehicle slip beneath the surface of the swamp.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rS6dN08RGM

“I hear them yelling, I think!” a deputy is overheard on the dashcam recording.

Recording jumps forward, and a second deputy can be heard saying, “They’re done. They’re done. They are 6-7, dude.”

“Did you hear them yelling?” another deputy responds. “I thought I heard them yelling.”

“As it was going down,” the first deputy intones, “but now, look — they’re done. They’re done.”

Gualtieri had told the press his deputies had quickly shed their gun belts and clothing, and dove into the water in a heroic — but ultimately failed — attempt to rescue the girls.

Confronted by public backlash over the newly released dashcam recording of the incident, apparently, Gualtieri balked — not only justifying actions by deputies which clearly didn’t take place, but essentially saying the girls deserved to die — because of their nonviolent criminal activity.

Though allegedly the girls stole a car and initiated a chase as they fled police, Gualtieri’s foisting blame for their deaths on the girls’ alleged crimes — rather than blatant inaction of his deputies — makes him judge, jury, and executioner.

As The Free Thought Project reported of the events leading up to the incident, “a friend asked 35-year-old Damien Marriott to drive the three teenage girls to Child’s Park on Wednesday, March 30. For some reason, Marriott reportedly stopped at a Walmart to buy a TV when he left his keys in the ignition with the engine running along with three girls that he did not know sitting in his 1990 Honda Accord. Although Child’s Park closes at 8 p.m. on Wednesdays, Marriott did not return to his vehicle or report his car stolen until 8:30 p.m. that night.”

Several hours after that, deputies reportedly witnessed the Honda run a red light with its lights off, and initiated a pursuit — which ended in the back of a cemetery, where the girls mistakenly drove into a swamp.

Two hours after becoming a watery tomb, the car containing the bodies of 16-year old Dominique Battle, 15-year-old Ashaunti Butler, and 15-year-old Laniya Miller was pulled from the depths by a tow truck.

“My daughter was not perfect,” Miller’s mother, Natasha Winkler, tearfully told ABC Action News. “What 15-year-old is?”

On Friday, as Bay News 9 reported, Michele Whitfield, attorney for the girls’ families, released a statement saying:

“At this point, we’re still combing through the information.The sheriff is giving an appearance of transparency but we’re still waiting on other documents that haven’t been given to me. Some of that includes the primary [officer’s] dash cam video.”

An investigation into the incident continues.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90273,"Despite being on public property and breaking no laws, Sgt. Vanover placed Petkus under arrest and deprived her of her freedom, simply because he could.

Denver, CO — The act of unethically deferring of liability is a function solely reserved for the state. An incentive is actually created to encourage officials to act in an unethical manner by alleviating consequences for cutting corners, using excessive force, or gross negligence.

When D.C. decides to invade a country in a fruitless effort to search for non-existent “weapons of mass destruction” it is the tax victims who are held monetarily liable and the soldiers who are held physically liable. The politician simply receives their golden parachute while the common man keeps “eating s**t and grinning.”

On the local level, it is police departments who exploit their tax base by passing the buck. Every time a victim of police brutality is awarded monetary damages, it is the innocent tax payers who are held responsible, not the individual police officer.

In what world is that okay? Today’s world, that’s where.

In November of 2011, Regina Ann Petkus was gathering signatures in an effort to petition for Amendment 64 to be put on the 2012 ballot; an amendment that would later set in motion a revolution of consciousness among governments, thus leading to multiple states ending the practice of kidnapping and caging people for their choice to ingest a plant.

Advertisment

Petkus was outside the Ogden Theatre on East Colfax on public property and well within her rights to be doing what she was doing. This is when Sgt. Hubert Vanover of the Denver police department, who was off-duty and working private security for the Ogden at the time, acting without fear of consequence, decided to ignore Petkus’ rights and order her to stop collecting signatures.

Despite being on public property and breaking no laws, Vanover placed Petkus under arrest after she refused to stop collecting signatures and deprived her of her freedom, simply because he could. Petkus spent a night in jail on charges that would eventually all be dropped.

Petkus, rightfully so, brought a lawsuit against the Denver police department for false arrest. Monday, the city approved to hold the tax victims of Denver liable for the actions of Sgt. Vanover and $$25,000 was extorted from them.

Vanover never faced any consequences for depriving Petkus of her freedom and in fact remained on the force until this year, when his vileness in his personal life caught up with him. Vanover, after being on paid vacation for several months for failing to perform his duties, couldn’t help but abuse his perceived power.

Although Vanover was ordered by the Department not to exercise any police authority, he used his badge repeatedly to try and obtain surveillance video for personal use.

In a separate incident, also while on suspension, Vanover was charged with two counts of harassment, two counts of menacing and one count of third degree assault, for beating and stalking his girlfriend.

Because of the choices Vanover made, while not on duty, he was subsequently removed from the force. Had he beat a woman while on-duty, the outcome would have been much different.

Sadly this is the norm. Police officers seldom face criminal charges, even after killing unarmed people on video.

The good news is that some municipalities are considering common sense actions that would require police to keep their own personal liability insurance. This would effectively get rid of problem officers who would either stop being a problem, or become uninsurable, thereby becoming unemployable.

Together we can force police accountability. For more information about the movement under way or to find out how to perhaps implement these changes in your city, call Communities United Against Police Brutality at 612-874-7867.

Here is a link to donate to the GoFundMe campaign, taking place in Minneapolis, to assist in funding the campaign to amend the Minneapolis City Charter.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
79947,"Mike Sawyer

July 23, 2014

Hallie Bibeau is a 33 year old resident of Newfields, N.H., with a very kind heart.

Bibeau was driving down Route 101 by exit 8 on Friday when she saw a group of ducklings and their mother who’d been hit by a car.

Being the Good Samaritan that she is, Bibeau stopped her car on the median to help the distressed ducks.

“I could hear them peeping, and I looked over the right hand side of the road, and I saw that their mom had been hit and was dead on the side, so I couldn’t just continue on,” she said.

Advertisment

Bibeau then made a questionable decision to call 911.

While she was waiting on police to show up, she hopped out of the car and saved two of the ducklings.

Seeing a woman stopped in the median, an ambulance on its way to another incident further east on Route 101 stopped.

Right behind the ambulance was a State Trooper who showed up to save the day. He began his valiant quest by heroically demanding Bibeau give him her ID. Then, to protect the lives of all the citizens of Newfields N.H., he extorted her.

Bibeau was issued a $$100 citation for parking on the median.

“We keep our medians free for vehicles who are truly having an emergency, such as the vehicle that was up ahead,” State police Lt. Nicole Armaganian told WMUR. “Stopping for an injured duck or ducklings is not what we would consider to be an emergency.”

The kind-hearted Bibeau says she plans on contesting the ticket, but even if she has to pay, she says she would do it all over again.

“For the mom that had gotten hit, I just wanted to do whatever I could for her ducklings, and if I could save two of them, I could save two of them,” she said.

We salute your selfless efforts Hallie Bibeau, as well as your courage to do what’s right despite the threat of police extortion.

Maybe after seeing the negative press associated with citing a woman for trying to save wildlife, this New Hampshire state trooper will be more like Sgt Brian Hildebrandt, of the Evansville Police Department. Hildebrandt drove up to a scene of several folks trying to save some baby ducklings last May, and instead of writing everyone a ticket, he actually aided in the rescue.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88646,"The FBI has embarked on a new strategy to catch people dwelling in the depraved world of online child pornography, and it is raising some eyebrows. For almost two weeks, the FBI ran one of the internet’s largest child pornography websites and allowed users to download thousands of illicit images and videos.

“The Justice Department acknowledged in court filings that the FBI operated the site, known as Playpen, from Feb. 20 to March 4, 2015. At the time, the site had more than 215,000 registered users and included links to more than 23,000 sexually explicit images and videos of children, including more than 9,000 files that users could download directly from the FBI. Some of the images described in court filings involved children barely old enough for kindergarten.”

For all of this dissemination of child porn to people around the country and the world, the FBI brought charges against just 25 people, nine of whom remain unidentified. They have been unable to link specific people to these nine network addresses.

Advertisment

The obvious question is, was it worth letting 215,000 people have access to a giant library of child porn for two weeks in order to catch 25 people? Is it not enough to shut down the site and apprehend the enabler(s), to stop it as soon as possible?

This is actually the third time the FBI has seized a website and continued to run it for a short period of time. The first known operation took place in 2012, when the agency seized three sites and relocated two servers to an FBI facility in Omaha.

In this latest operation, more than 100,000 registered users visited Playpen while the FBI ran it for 13 days, browsing a collection of 23,000 images and videos of children, some of them directly downloaded from the government’s computers. Some images included prepubescent females having sexual intercourse with adults.

“At some point, the government investigation becomes indistinguishable from the crime, and we should ask whether that’s OK,” said Elizabeth Joh, a University of California Davis law professor who has studied undercover investigations. “What’s crazy about it is who’s making the cost/benefit analysis on this? Who decides that this is the best method of identifying these people?”

The FBI argues that when it seizes a child porn site, it has a “window of opportunity” to catch users who would remain hidden. They target sites like Playpen in the dark web that are only accessible to the public through Tor, which operates via file sharing between user’s computers. Once the FBI seizes a website and moves the servers to a government facility, they infect the site with malware that punctures security and reveals the users’ internet addresses.

“That approach is a significant departure from the government’s past tactics for battling online child porn, in which agents were instructed that they should not allow images of children being sexually assaulted to become public. The Justice Department has said that children depicted in such images are harmed each time they are viewed, and once those images leave the government’s control, agents have no way to prevent them from being copied and re-copied to other parts of the internet.”

Besides allowing the content to remain on the website to be downloaded and spread, “it did not block the site’s users from uploading new [content] while it was under the government’s control. And the FBI has not said it had any ability to prevent users from circulating the material they downloaded onto other sites.”

“The government always considers seizing an illegal child pornography site and removing it from existence immediately and permanently,” said Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr. “While doing so would end the trafficking of child pornography taking place on that one website, it would do nothing to prevent those same users from disseminating child pornography through other means. The decision whether to simply shut down a website or to allow it to continue operating for a brief period for a law enforcement purpose is a difficult one.”

Whether or not it truly was a difficult decision, once the FBI gained the technical milestone to hack Tor’s anonymity, they did not hesitate in putting it to use by seizing and running child porn websites. Some would call it a sick variant of a sting operation. The jury of public opinion will assuredly deliver its verdict.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
66152,"Cannon Ball, ND – A steady stream of U.S. military veterans continued to pour into the Standing Rock protest camps over the weekend, with our sources on the ground estimating nearly 5,000 vets already there, and more arriving throughout the night to take part in the “Veterans Stand for Standing Rock” movement.



The newly arrived veterans wasted no time in making their presence felt as a contingent of vets and water protectors made their way to the bridge, a strategic point that controls access between the encampments and the construction area. The bridge was the scene of an earlier confrontation that saw militarized police assault viciously attack the non-violent protestors with less-than-lethal weapons.

Wes Clark Jr., a key organizer of the “Veterans for Standing Rock,” met with various law enforcement representatives, including the Cass Country Sheriff, an Army general, a veterans representative spokesperson, and a rep for the TigerSwan private security firm coordinating intelligence for law enforcement on the police held side of the bridge.

While Clark met with law enforcement, his fellow vets that accompanied him to the bridge formed a human shield to hold space and stand between the police and the water protectors.

There are now unconfirmed reports within the camps that the use of live ammunition has been approved by law enforcement on anyone attempting to retake the bridge. Many on the ground believe that the National Guard may be called in, creating a potentially drastic escalation of an already tenuous situation.

The video below reveals Sheriff Kirchmeier attempting to lay the groundwork for an escalation of police violence by spouting ridiculous assertions regarding vets and PTSD. Be aware that his diatribe almost certainly marks the beginning phase of an escalation of police-sponsored violence — which will ultimately be blamed on water protectors and veterans.

Advertisment

BREAKING: Sheriff claims water protectors will arm vets, trigger PTSD. Provides no evidence. #NoDAPL #StandingRock pic.twitter.com/0JDmPMAuj7 — Prolific The Rapper (@ProlificRapper) December 3, 2016

The veterans have brought supplies such as gas masks, earplugs and body armor in an effort to form a protective line around protestors as a means of protecting them against rubber bullets and bean bag rounds – which are actually filled with lead pellets, not beans. One water protector, SiouxZ, has already gone blind in one eye after being shot in the face with these munitions.

“Our goal is to stand there and if need be take the rounds for the First Nations people so they can do their thing,” Mark Sanderson, a former Army Sergeant who served in Iraq, told Vice News.

“We’re here to assist in any way possible,” Sanderson said. “The police are trying to say it’s not a peaceful protest because we’re in body armor. But I mean, this doesn’t look aggressive at all. There are no magazine pouches, there’s nothing that can be construed as having a weapon. We’re just padding ourselves against any force they might use.”

In fact, the veterans are taking a page out of international protest movements by bringing mirrors to Standing Rock in an effort to make law enforcement officers look at what they have become – nothing more than a militarized security force for billion dollar energy corporations.

“The veterans are saying we can’t stand for that,” filmmaker Josh Fox, who has documented the police force at Standing Rock, told RT.

“What you do to the water protectors you do to the United States Constitution. We are sworn to uphold and protect the United States Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. And they’re saying listen, if you wanna burn the United States Constitution, you have to go through us. It’s quite a brave and amazing act that’s never happened in the history of the United States, that two thousand veterans just said you know what? Shoot at us first.”

The Army Corps of Engineers, last week, issued an evacuation order for all protest camps North of the Missouri River by Dec 4th – which includes the Oceti Sakowin camp – a demand that has been rejected wholesale by tribal leaders. Then, on Monday, North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple ordered a mandatory evacuation of the area, citing health concerns.

“I appreciate the governor’s concern about our safety,” said Oceti Sakowin media organizer John Bigelow. “I wish he had been concerned about our safety when he was spraying us with water cannons in 23-degree weather.”

The collusion between the feds and Dalrymple, to laughably use “health concerns” as a means of forcing the closure of the camps, means that anyone who refuses to leave by December 5 risks being arrested or fined on a state and/or federal level. The state has denied it has plans for the “forcible removal” of protesters, but given the ongoing brutality, and disparate force, evidenced by law enforcement — the state’s denial is of extremely little value.

In addition, as we previously reported, the Morton County sheriff’s department has threatened anyone bringing supplies to Standing Rock with a $$1,000 fine. As if brutalizing and beating non-violent protestors wasn’t enough, Kirchmeier’s goons now look to create a human rights crisis in the below freezing condition.

For many of the veterans, including Sanderson, an Iraqi war vet, the battle over DAPL isn’t a simple environmental issue, as he believes that he is standing on the right side of history.

“In my prior deployment, I really feel like I was being utilized in the same way the troops are being utilized here,” Sanderson told Vice. “To protect American interests, whether fossil fuel, natural gas, pipeline. It’s all the same, and it’s the wrong way forward.”

While there is no guarantee against state-sponsored violence at the hands of law enforcement, the arrival of these selfless veterans may decrease the likelihood of the continuation of appalling violence that’s been displayed by law enforcement over the past few months at Standing Rock.

Please share this amazing story to show the people of Standing Rock, and the veterans that have come out to support them, that the American people stand with Standing Rock!!

*Update – In a complete reversal of the expected, early reports say the Army Corps of Engineers has now denied the easement which would allow Energy Transfer Partners to drill and route the Dakota Access Pipeline under the Missouri River.

A press release from the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe says “the Department of the Army will not approve an easement that will allow the proposed Dakota Access Pipeline to cross under Lake Oahe.”

According to the U.S. Army in a statement to its website:

“The Department of the Army will not approve an easement that would allow the proposed Dakota Access Pipeline to cross under Lake Oahe in North Dakota, the Army’s Assistant Secretary for Civil Works announced today,” the Army’s Assistant Secretary for Civil Works, Jo-Ellen Darcy, stated.

“Although we have had continuing discussion and exchanges of new information with the Standing Rock Sioux and Dakota Access, it’s clear that there’s more work to do.The best way to complete that work responsibly and expeditiously is to explore alternate routes for the pipeline crossing.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75033,"Riverside, CA — The state of California has long since waged a war on anyone who dares attempt to make a dollar by performing on the street. While some of these ordinances are in place for public safety, others are outright asinine and are a clear violation of constitutional rights. The latest example of this violation comes out of the city of Palm Springs in which a woman was arrested for reciting impromptu poetry. But the victim of this oppression fought back — and won.

Amy Marschak is a published writer from Colorado who performs impromptu poetry in public. For her one-of-a-kind street performances, she dons a Victorian dress and she takes requests from her listeners. For example, a pair of lovers on their first date might ask her to compose a poem on the spot to describe their meeting and their feelings for one another.

She’s been featured on local news stations and has performed across the United States. She sets up no table, does not block any paths, and performs upon request.

On March 13, 2015, Marschak was detained and issued a citation by Palm Springs police officer, Erik Larson. Larson issued this citation because Marschak was performing poetry in a public area.

Advertisment

According to the lawsuit:

Larson stated that citizens were “not supposed to” perform on the streets of Palm Springs, and that street performing was “against the law…” She was given a ticket by Defendant Larson that cited an ordinance prohibiting “sitting or lying” on a sidewalk (which she was not doing), later amended to a citation under the local ordinance that prohibits “obstructing” a public sidewalk (which she also was not doing). Around the same period of time, Plaintiff observed that other street performers were also being persecuted by Defendant Larson and other City of Palm Springs police officers on similarly spurious grounds.

After being issued a note of extortion by police for speaking words on a public sidewalk, Marschak felt violated. So, she retained an attorney and fought the ticket. She later won her case, however, Marschak then filed another lawsuit because she feared, rightfully so, that she will be arrested or cited again for reciting poetry on the sidewalk.

Palm Springs City Hall just settled that lawsuit as well and for Larson’s poor decision and lack of constitutional knowledge, the taxpayers were hit with a $$30,000 bill.

According to the lawsuit, Marschak alleged her constitutional rights were violated. She was seeking to affirm and vindicate the fundamental constitutional rights of street performers to express themselves freely in the public areas of Palm Springs without fear of harassment by local police.

According to the Desert Sun, Marschak’s battle was a successful one—not just because of the settlement either.

As the Sun reports:

In return for Amy Marschak dropping her suit, City Hall agreed to “take steps to affirm” the rights of street performers, in part by sending a memo to police about those rights, according to the settlement agreement. The city council is also revising the laws that led to the lawsuit in the first place.

“What specific changes are made is up to the city’s elected representatives,” said Tom Seabaugh, a civil rights attorney who represented Marschak. “But we did secure through this lawsuit a commitment from them that they will take steps to do better in the future.”

“I can imagine some people thinking that because nobody was injured, there were no broken bones and nobody died – why is she being paid?” Seabaugh added. “I think the answer is that constitutional rights are important, and there should be accountability and consequences for violating them. That’s one of the points we wanted to make, and we think we’ve made it.”

Marschak’s battle is a noble one as more and more street performers are finding themselves in legal trouble for doing nothing other than brightening people’s days as they walk by.

Last year the Free Thought Project reported on the story of a California man who was ticketed for juggling. Reporters with The Jones/Skelton Report, Joff and Alex, out of Santa Cruz, filmed police citing a man for juggling on the sidewalk. When Alex asked the officer if he was really citing the man for this non-offense, the officer confirmed that he was indeed citing the man for juggling — because throwing balls to yourself is banned in the Golden State.

The list of things in the United States to do that are illegal is ever increasing at an absurd rate. From walking across the street to riding a bicycle, ordinances across the nation, enforced through the barrel of a gun, continue to cause undue pain and suffering for otherwise innocent Americans on a daily basis. However, because of Marschak’s battle, at least poetry is safe—for now.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89005,"Garden City, KS – With the recent news of Harriet Tubman’s likeness being added to the $$20 Federal Reserve note, one can’t help but think of the courage, bravery, and outright disobedient actions of the amazing historical figure, and the countless people she catapulted to freedom. While pondering what it must’ve taken to stand up against the tyranny of slavery, I began to draw a parallel to one woman who is alive today. Obviously, comparing a modern-American Caucasian woman with an African American legend and historical hero is quite controversial, possibly even taboo; but just hear me out.

Much like the underground railroad of over a century ago, another underground railroad exists today. Instead of “slaves,” we call the new passengers of the new railroad “medical refugees.” Perhaps the terms aren’t so different. Perhaps “medical refugee” is just a euphemism for the term “slave.” Both involve a struggle for life and freedom due to the oppressive nature of the state.

Embedded in the history of slavery was the creation of law enforcement, or “slave patrol.” Paid enforcers that rounded up the disobedient people who refused to be bound by the whips and chains of their legal “masters.” The slave patrols of yesteryear are known today as law enforcement.

After making this connection, it’s easy to see that things aren’t so different today with the mass incarceration of African Americans. We can’t bring up this human rights atrocity without noting the over-criminalization of peaceful people who choose to be free of the state-sponsored control over their own bodies.

Meet Harriet Tubman 2.0, also known as Shona Banda. Shona is facing nearly three decades in prison for creating her own underground railroad. We will dub it the “underground cannabis railroad.”

Advertisment

How could we possibly make this stretch as to compare a black, anti-slave revolutionary, to a white Shona Banda? It’s actually not that difficult to ascertain the connection. Shona shines as a light to those who wish to take control of their own health — especially to those who have tried conventional medicine, only to be turned away by their doctors with only a hall pass granting access to the after-life. Much like Harriet Tubman’s journey was sparked by the instinct to be free; Shona Banda’s instincts kicked in when she was handed a death sentence by the medical professionals who could no longer do anything to treat her terminal illness, and thus the railroad started construction, one spike at a time.

The Shona Banda journey is similar to many stories of people who have discovered the miraculous effects of cannabis. Her Crohn’s disease was destroying her body, making it impossible for her to envision a future where she could see her two boys grow into men and start families of their own. However, like Tubman, she refused to give up.

At first, she smoked cannabis, immediately receiving more relief than the conventional medicine she had grown accustomed to. When she tells the story, she vividly recalls the moment she first tried it. Her body collapsed to the floor and she wept. Not out of pain or sadness, but out of joy and relief. She had finally found something that worked. Everything that she was told about the plant her entire life, was wrong.

This sparked something in her debilitated body, an energy she hadn’t felt in years, and perhaps, never before. She propelled herself into the information super highway of the world wide web, learning and soaking up knowledge, breaking down the barriers of ignorance that once, unbeknownst to her, stood in her way.

Like being stranded in the desert, searching for an oasis, Shona stumbled upon something that would quench her body’s thirst like never before. Shona found out how to make cannabis oil.

Most people would understand the legal ramifications of using a controlled substance and keep their mouths shut. Not Ms. Banda. Much like her predecessor Rick Simpson, Shona began sharing the knowledge with others and building strong relationships with her fellow slaves that were searching for light in the darkness that is prohibition; making the cannabis oil, not only for herself but for anyone seeking it. She even cured their family dog of Parvo with the oil.

However, the slave patrol was right around the corner.

The blowback from receiving and sharing this forbidden knowledge, some might say, was inevitable. One day, Shona came home only to see her home being raided by police, without a warrant. The modern-day slave patrol kidnapped her youngest son, ripping the child from his mother and oldest brother.

Much like Tubman knew the risks of what she was doing, so did Shona. But, much like Tubman, Shona wouldn’t be deterred by the threats of armed men enforcing unjust laws.

The media onslaught began, and their libel and lies infiltrated the minds of Shona’s neighbors and community members. But she wasn’t done yet.

She continued to engineer her train on the underground tracks, knowing in her heart of hearts that what she was doing, although illegal, was just and righteous in the eyes of her creator. Although stifled by the hand of oppression, she would not stop, continuing to heal others with the miracle of cannabis.

The difference between Shona Banda and Harriet Tubman is skin deep. Color is the only real quantifiable difference between the two women. However, Shona is alive and we can help her take a stand against the modern slavery of prohibition. The State has taken her child, her money, and her reputation, but this woman refuses to allow the illegitimacy of the state of Kansas to crush her spirit. She stands tall, with pride, as you can see in her video journals at her website, www.ShonaBanda.org, or in her book titled “Live Free or Die,” which is a literal interpretation of her struggle against the state to heal herself from terminal illness.

She wrote her book to make sure her underground railroad is immortal, outliving the chains of prohibition bondage, and spreading her truth and knowledge, helping to heal others, even if her body is jailed in the confines of a Kansas state prison.

If you are having a problem connecting the dots between these two tyranny-fighting women, understand this:

Harriet Tubman, oppressed and enslaved by government, disobeyed while helping others disobey unjust laws. Shona Banda is doing the same thing while facing nearly 30 years in prison, a death sentence for someone with acute Crohn’s. She is blazing a trail, in the underground, because of her empathy for the human race, and her warrior instinct to stand up to unjust laws rooted heavily in the same racism derived from slavery. If you have any doubts that the drug war is a spin-off of the idea of slavery, research Harry Anslinger and the racist foundation that built the largest prison population in the history of humanity.

Slavery didn’t end, it was just rebranded as the war on drugs. The only perceivable dissimilarity between Tubman and Banda other than color, is that Banda is alive, and she needs our help. Ask yourself who’s side you are on. Are you on the side of slavery or freedom? Will you stand with the new Harriet Tubman or will you acquiesce to the proverbial whips and chains of the failed drug war. We, at The Free Thought Project, choose freedom.

Here’s how you can help the modern day Harriet Tubman.

https://www.gofundme.com/ShonaBanda

For more details about Shona’s struggle against her masters, check out our Shona Banda archives.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
41461,"Say the words concentration camps, and most will surmise the topic surrounds World War II and the Nazis; but the hard labor, constant threat of death, and barbarism these microcosmic hells presented weren’t unique to Adolf Hitler — in just one year, around 20,000 freed slaves perished in the Devil’s Punchbowl — in Natchez, Mississippi, U.S.A.

After the Civil War, a massive exodus of former slaves from Southern plantations trekked northward in hopes of reaching a location of true freedom; but embittered soldiers, resentful the people considered property were now free, had other plans.

One tiny town’s population mushroomed twelvefold from the influx, as researcher Paula Westbrook, who has extensively studied Devil’s Punchbowl, noted,

“When the slaves were released from the plantations during the occupation they overran Natchez. And the population went from about 10,000 to 120,000 overnight.”

Unable to grapple with an instant population swell, the city turned to Union troops still lingering after the war to devise a merciless, impenitent solution.

Advertisment

“So they decided to build an encampment for ’em at Devil’s Punchbowl which they walled off and wouldn’t let ’em out,” former director of the Natchez City Cemetery, Don Estes, explained.

Devil’s Punchbowl is so named for a cavernous, bowl-shaped gulch walled off by tree-topped cliffs — an area unintentionally made perfect for a hellacious prison by nature, herself.

A tangle of lush green now tops bluffs near the Mississippi River in Natchez, hiding past atrocities that took place when Union Army soldiers corralled and captured those freed slaves — in worse conditions than they’d endured previously as slaves on sprawling plantations.

In the unrelenting heat and humidity of the deep South, African American men toiled at hard labor clearing thickets of brush, while women and children — not seen as a viable workforce for the task — languished without food or water behind the locked concrete walls of the camp to die of starvation.

Barbarous treatment didn’t even end when someone died.

“The Union Army did not allow them to remove the bodies from the camp,” Westbrook explained. “They just gave ’em shovels and said bury ’em where they drop.”

Bleak conditions of being cramped inside locked walls and forced to work until exhaustion or death also led to the spread of disease and illness — a little-discussed but insidious issue for former slaves, killing up to one million individuals following the ostensive emancipation.

“Disease broke out among ’em, smallpox being the main one,” Estes said of the concentration camp prisoners. “And thousands and thousands died. They were begging to get out. ‘Turn me loose and I’ll go home back to the plantation! Anywhere but there.’”

However, a dearth of information about these mostly postbellum camps indeed leaves significant leeway for conjecture, and a smattering of conclusions say those detained preferred the slightly greater freedom compared to brutality found on the plantations. Additional critics dispute Westbrook and Estes, and the number who died in the Natchez camps, saying the number is likely closer to just 1,000 — but without methodical record-keeping, the figure is impossible to verify with certainty. Either way, this black eye on American history is still one of the largest and most brutal acts of state-sanctioned death this country has ever seen.

As the Civil War drew to a close and during the nascent stages of emancipation, those who had been thrust into slavery and putatively freed held a precarious place outside the society of their enslavement. Thus, ‘legitimately’ freed individuals and ‘escapees,’ alike, were captured and held in ‘contraband camps’ — so named because, as commodities, they were considered contraband by Union troops who had no qualms about perpetuating slavery for their own benefit. Three such camps existed in the Devil’s Punchbowl area of Natchez.

Historians’ descriptions of Devil’s Punchbowl have been loosely anecdotally backed by locals, who describe human skeletons occasionally washing free from the location in times of heavy rains and flooding.

Wild peach trees now dot the basin where human beings, who believed they’d finally won freedom from slavery, sweated through work for different captors until death granted the ultimate reprieve — but Mississippians know better than to taste the bitter fruit fertilized with the blood of atrocity.

Like so much about the history of the United States, sadistic acts perpetrated by officials acting on behalf of the government have been criminally downplayed to lessen shame and facilitate collective memory loss. But there can be no doubt — whether unintentionally or by design — thousands succumbed to inhumane conditions at these camps, under added duress of lacking the freedom so basic, it’s called the cornerstone of the nation.

Whatever the full truth about Devil’s Punchbowl, it’s a veritable guarantee no history book will be honest or thorough enough to shed light on the excruciating conditions akin to Nazi concentration camps — or even that forced, slave labor continued while America readjusted its crooked and tarnished halo after the Civil War.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104403,"A nonviolent coup to depose a democratically-elected president and install some of the most corrupt politicians — who, not coincidentally happen to be favored by the U.S. political establishment — is currently underway in Brazil. As the public’s attention zeroes on the readying of troops for deployment to Syria, the U.S. government has been able to quietly lend its approval to the crooked and baseless move to oust Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff.

Indeed, though the controversy over quintupling U.S. ground troops in Syria — despite vows by the Obama administration at least 16 times there would be ‘no boots on the ground’ — constitutes a valid and pertinent debate, it can’t be allowed to obfuscate what’s taking place in Brazil.

To understand the importance of the ongoing tumult, you need only look at who matters to both the Brazilian and U.S. political elite — and it clearly isn’t the 54 million people who re-elected Brazil’s first female president just 18 months ago.

In fact, the U.S. State Department has all but publicly asserted its support for the usurpation of power by Brazil’s center-right Social Democracy Party (PDSB) — perhaps because, as has been suggested by many, U.S. fingerprints are all over the coup. What better way to thwart Brazil’s successful dealings with Russia and China, as part of the BRICS economic alliance, than to insert an oligarchical leader whose party heavily favors U.S. interests.

Advertisment

First, it’s necessary to revisit the mechanics of the coup as well as the controversy surrounding those involved.

Brazil’s lower house of Congress voted to impeach Rousseff on April 17 on the premise of her alleged complicity in albeit relatively minor corruption. But the true impetus for Rousseff’s removal, contrary to the narrative championed by Brazil’s corporate media, is transparently evidenced in those calling for it — and in whom they wish to replace her with.

Bruno Araújo, a congressman who has been implicated as possibly receiving funds from a construction giant embroiled in a corruption scandal, helped tip the vote for impeachment earlier this month. Araújo, as the Intercept reported, belongs to the same PDSB party that lost four elections in a row to Rousseff’s Worker’s Party (PT).

“[T]he most important means for understanding the truly anti-democratic nature of what’s taking place,” the Intercept’s Glenn Greenwald explained, “is to look at the person whom Brazilian oligarchs and their media organs are trying to install as president: the corruption-tainted, deeply unpopular, oligarch-serving Vice President Michael Temer.”

For all the negative attention trained on Rousseff, Temer’s unpopular image and duplicitous dealings are worse, and could be worthy of his own impeachment proceedings. And he isn’t alone.

“Altogether, 60 percent of the 594 members of Brazil’s Congress face serious charges like bribery, electoral fraud, illegal deforestation, kidnapping and homicide,” as The New York Times cited corruption watchdog, Transparency Brazil.

But PDSB seeks to bypass that not-at-all minor detail through Rouseff’s impeachment — which, if successful, would automatically bring Temer to power — much to the satisfaction of the United States government.

To wit, another major figure pushing for the removal of Rousseff, Senator Aloysio Nunes, traveled to Washington, D.C., the day after the impeachment vote to consult with the third most powerful State Department official, Thomas Shannon, in a closed-door meeting.

As co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research, Mark Weisbrot, explained in an article for the Huffington Post, Shannon had no obligatory duty to meet with Nunes — but his doing so sent a clear message of at least tacit acceptance of the impeachment proceedings by the White House.

U.S. support of the current coup echoes that of the previous Brazilian coup in 1964 — a violent usurpation of power by U.S.-friendly dictator, during which Dilma Rousseff, herself, became a victim of physical torture.

But perhaps the most telling indication of U.S. support for deposing Rousseff can be found in a detail of Nunes recent Washington trip. As the Intercept’s Andrew Fishman explained in an interview with Democracy Now, Nunes was a guest at a private luncheon thrown by the Albright Stonebridge Group — a firm cofounded by the former CEO of Kellogg and Madeleine Albright, former secretary of state under Bill Clinton.

“[O]ne of the senior advisers affiliated with the Albright Stonebridge Group,” Fishman, who is located in Brazil, noted, “is the leader of an organization down here that’s very involved in the push against the Dilma government.”

He added that “while the U.S. government hasn’t made any official stance” on Rousseff’s impending impeachment, “it seems pretty obvious as to what their stance is and which side they’re supporting or would support.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
56669,"South Gate, CA– A shocking and disturbing video uploaded to YouTube on Sunday caught an armed police officer charge at a witness, snatch her camera, and smash it- before kicking it as hard as he could to destroy it. A witness who was quietly filming the confrontation from across the street gasped in horror as she thankfully captured the scene.

The incident occurred in South Gate, a city in Los Angeles County. The officers appear to be in SWAT gear as you hear the woman asserting her right to be there. It is unclear what she was filming that the officers so badly wanted to hide.

Advertisment

“I have a right to be here, you need to stay away from him,” the woman is heard asserting, calmly, a mere 15 seconds before an officer armed with an assault rifle beings to walk towards her. As the woman non-aggressively begins to distance herself from the officer, he begins running full speed at her, grabbing her phone and yanking it from her hands.

The woman who was also filming the scene is heard gasping in shock and horror, as the officer smashes the phone to the ground and kicks it as hard as he could away from the scene. It sounds as if one his buddies is cheering as the attack took place. The officer then calmly walks away as if it was business as usual and he had not just assaulted a woman.

The police are scared, they know that they are being held accountable by the public and by good citizens who look out for one another and film police encounters. This is why it is imperative that we continue to film the police. If you see someone else filming, find another vantage point and film with them. You can never have too many cameras. The bad can continue to be bad if the good stand by and do nothing. Sunlight is the best disinfectant.

We all need to contact the US Marshall’s Officer at [email protected] and demand this officer be held accountable for this assault.

If anyone has more information on this incident, please contact us at [email protected]",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87886,"Surprise, AZ – Last Month, in a large town just outside of Phoenix, a man named Casey Hagon witnessed an off-duty police officer driving recklessly without his lights on. Hagon followed the officer to check if maybe the officer was responding to a call, or if he was returning to the station for something important. However, Hagon followed the officer back to his residence, where he then parked his car and went inside.

Hagon took a picture of the vehicle because that was the best confirmation that he could get at the time, and then immediately filed a complaint with the Surprise Police Department

“He had already gone in. But I had snapped photos of the vehicle so that I kind of had validation, and of the address, and went further down, hung a U-turn and then parked,” Hagon said.

While he was on the phone with the police department making the complaint, the officer came charging back out of his house, pulled his vehicle down the street, and then parked behind Hagon with his lights on to pull him over

Hagon explained, “He wanted to know why I was snapping photos of his house. So, then now I’ve got validation at that moment that it’s his home. I don’t remember exactly how he said it, ‘Who you on the phone with?’ or ‘Why are you on the phone?’ or ‘Get off the phone’ – something to that effect – and I said, ‘I’m on the phone with the Surprise Police Department now reporting this incident.’”

Advertisment

Hagon went on to express his concern with how the officer was driving, meanwhile, two other officers arrived on the scene.

Hagon was then told by a supervisor that he was wrong to follow the police officer home because it could make the officer feel threatened.

“I told him I’d like to have a complaint and I’d like for him to get a ticket, no different from anybody else. He explained to me that it was at the discretion of the officer whether a ticket would be written or not, and he said that he’s not had any other complaints ever, so at this point he doesn’t see that happening,” Hagon said.

Hagon thought the issue was over when he was sent home from the scene, however, a month later he was taking an evening walk and noticed the same officer speeding down the street yet again, without his emergency lights on.

Hagon again snapped photos of the vehicle and called the police department to file a report.

However, instead of doing something about their officer’s reckless driving, they allowed the officer to file a harassment charge against Hagon.

“The next day, my son calls me at work to let me know that there was an El Mirage police officer at my house,” Hagon said.

“That had me completely perplexed. For what reason? So, I called the city of El Mirage to ask what had happened or what was going on. He said he had an injunction against harassment to serve on me on behalf of Officer Drew Persha. I cannot believe that the result of filing a complaint on an officer for not following the law was that I’m going to get an injunction against harassment filed against me,” he added.

In a later statement, the Surprise police department said,

“The Surprise Police Department had no role in the officer obtaining the court order. I would like to reiterate that the Surprise Police Department is dedicated to objectively and thoroughly resolving all citizen’s complaints. Our Professional Standards Unit is currently processing Mr. Hagon’s complaint and we once again ask the public to remain patient as we complete this active on-going administrative investigation.”

The harassment charge comes along with a legal order for Hagon to cease contact with Persha and stay away from his home. The order went on to state that Hagon was a danger to Persha and his family.

However, Hagon says that he does not mean anyone any harm, he just wants to see the officer held to the same standards of safety that everyone else is.

“I’m not out for this officer at all. I would just appreciate him to follow the laws that he’s set to enforce. I have an 8-year-old that’s out in the neighborhood,” Hagon said.

CBS 5 – KPHO

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75414,"Tampa, FL — Ahh, to be in love… Do you remember when you were a child, and you finally worked up the courage to draft a letter and profess your eternal love to your crush? Well, this sweet and innocent behavior is now grounds for criminal charges in modern day Police State USA.

Sound ridiculous? It does, but it’s also true.

A fourth-grade student in the Hillsborough school district was threatened with sexual harassment charges this week, after writing a letter to a girl in his class telling her that he liked her.

Advertisment

“He’s 9,” said his mother. “What little kid doesn’t write love notes?”

According to the boy’s mom, who wishes to remain anonymous to protect her son’s identity, the love letter was a very sweet note to his crush describing how he likes “How she wears the same uniform and how her eyes sparkled like diamonds,” his mother said.

The school staff alleges that once the boy’s peers found out about the note that they started teasing her son about wanting to see the little girl naked.

“That’s when the principal proceeded to tell me that it wasn’t appropriate that he was writing the note and that if he writes another note, they are going to file sexual harassment charges on my 9-year-old,” the mom said.

The staff went on to say that the boy had written more than one note, and this borders on harassment. Seriously.

As if kids getting suspended for gesturing that they have an imaginary bow and arrow or bringing water guns to school wasn’t enough, now children are threatened with felonies for expressing love. It is absolute madness.

“My 9-year-old doesn’t even know what sexual harassment means,” said the boy’s mother, maintaining that her son did nothing wrong.

When does the nanny state peak? When will enough be enough? Will daycare students be locked in shackles and thrown in jail for taking their classmate’s juice box? It seems that nothing is off limits as the police state progresses and truth becomes stranger than fiction.

UPDATE: 11/16/2015

The Free Thought Project was notified by ABC Action News, that the school district released a statement saying they did not intend to involve police action.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95365,"In an unprecedented protest against the routine offenses against due process and bodily integrity carried out in the name of the “war on drugs,” the union representing Pittsburgh police officers has condemned workplace drug and alcohol testing as a violation of the Constitution. Their zeal for the right to privacy only applies to themselves, however, not to the public they supposedly serve.

NBC affiliate WPXI reports that the Pittsburgh Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police “has filed a civil rights grievance against the city, claiming officers have been order to undergo drug and alcohol testing that is in violation of their contract.” Union attorney Bryan Campbell describes the policy as “an illegal search and seizure.”

To which those not protected by Blue Privilege might respond: Welcome to our world, FOP.

Advertisment

Under the contract between the City of Pittsburgh and its paramilitary affiliate, police officers can be subjected to drug or alcohol tests only in three circumstances: When an officer displays signs of impairment on the job, fires a weapon, or is involved in a vehicle crash. The union’s complaint arises from a recent pursuit that ended in a car crash. Two officers who participated in the chase but were not directly involved in the crash were required to undergo testing.

Another blatantly obvious reason for police opposing public scutiny of their urine is that it could reveal the usage of such things as anabolic steroids. Police officers are no stranger to ‘Vitamin S’ as many of them have not only been caught using the rage-inducing hormones, but selling them as well.

Chief Cameron McLay insists that the terms of the contract allow him to require tests of all officers involved in a pursuit, irrespective of whether they were also involved in a collision. Union attorney Campbell suggests that the city is sacrificing the rights of his clients in order to protect itself in the event of a lawsuit: “They [the officers] don’t forfeit their constitutional rights to protect the city from a civil liability.”

The union complaint may be as much a negotiating tactic as an assertion of Blue Privilege: Since April it has been involved in highly contentious contract arbitration with the Mayor over budget restrictions imposed through the city’s “Act 47 plan,” a financial restricting program for municipalities trying to stave off bankruptcy. The plan called for a pay freeze this year, followed by a one percent raise next year, and raises of two percent in 2017 and 2018. These increases – which would be eagerly and gratefully received by people in the still-struggling productive sector – are disdained by the police union as insufficient.

Police in Pittsburgh have eagerly supplemented the revenue stream through the officially sanctioned theft called “civil asset forfeiture,” seizing more than $$700,000 in cash and 11 vehicles in 2013-2014 (albeit much of the haul was collected subsequent to charges that generally resulted in a plea bargain). Special interest lobbyists associated with law enforcement are voluble in opposition to a proposed state bill that would place some restrictions on the practice. During the last legislative session, anti-reform lobbyists denounced the bill – which would reinforce the constitutional principle that punishment should be imposed following an actual conviction – as a “drug dealer’s bill of rights.”

Residents of Pittsburgh who are found in possession of small amounts of marijuana can still face criminal charges that “can cost [them jobs, housing, and leave them with a criminal record,” pointed out the Post-Gazette on November 17.

Criminal defense lawyer Patrick Nightingale, executive director of the Pittsburgh chapter of the National Organization for Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), points out that someone found in possession of a minuscule amount of cannabis will “still have to be fingerprinted, they will still have their offense recorded in a national database. They will still have a rap sheet.”

The City Council is considering a measure that would permit the police to issue a non-traffic citation instead of a misdemeanor summons for possession of less than 30 grams of marijuana or eight grams of hashish. This would result in a city fine of $$100 and seizure of the contraband – in other words, it would offer a reduction in prohibition-related penalties while preserving the drug war infrastructure. This helps explain why the proposed city ordinance is supported by the Pittsburgh Police Bureau, whose personnel are seeking to retain their special immunity against the kind of drug war-inspired infringements of personal liberty routinely inflicted by them.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88599,"By John Vibes

The limitless possibilities of new technology are allowing people to fight back against police abuse like never before. Not only can people record occurrences of police brutality, but there are also dozens of apps that are designed to help you stay a few steps ahead of “the man”.

Out of the many helpful apps that can be found on Cop Block’s apps page, a GPS app called “Waze” is one of the most helpful for pinpointing the location of police and reporting police sightings to other drivers. When someone sees a police car or a speed trap somewhere along their route, they can make a report alerting other drivers in the area about the police activity.

There is even an option that allows you to type in a message that gives a better description of where the police are and what they are doing. This option also allows activists to send out witty messages to their fellow travelers, such as, “warning: state mercenaries extorting civilians near exit 7”.

Advertisment

There are a few different GPS apps out there that have similar features, but Waze has the most users, making the reporting more frequent and accurate. Waze also awards points to people who make regular reports, encouraging everyone to stay active and warn other drivers of danger when they can.

A brief description on the app’s website explains how Waze works.

“After typing in their destination address, users just drive with the app open on their phone to passively contribute traffic and other road data, but they can also take a more active role by sharing road reports on accidents, police traps, or any other hazards along the way, helping to give other users in the area a ‘heads-up’ about what’s to come. In addition to the local communities of drivers using the app, Waze is also home to an active community of online map editors who ensure that the data in their areas is as up-to-date as possible.”

Download Waze today by searching “Waze” on the app finder in your phone, or try visiting www.waze.com

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89906,"(RT) — Shocking footage has emerged online apparently showing an Israeli soldier executing a wounded Palestinian lying on the ground. The victim had reportedly been injured in retaliation for a stabbing attack before being cold-bloodedly shot in the head.

The video has been uploaded to B’Tselem human rights center’s YouTube account. It shows a crowd of IDF members – all armed – helping to evacuate their fellow soldier into an ambulance somewhere in Hebron. The description to the video says the evacuee was stabbed by a Palestinian man who was allegedly injured by the Israelis in retaliation.

Advertisment

You can watch the full video here. (WARNING: VIDEO CONTAINS GRAPHIC CONTENT)

While the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) soldier is given medical treatment and proper care, and seems to be conscious, the Palestinian is lying on the ground immobilized. Both the Israeli servicemen and the medical staff can be seen ignoring the man until the ambulance leaves.

Seconds later, an IDF soldier reloads his weapon, approaches the Palestinian and fires a headshot at his victim. No one tries to prevent the soldier from killing the man, and the shot causes no reaction from bystanders. Armed Israelis are seen walking around as if nothing has happened.

The Palestinian could be seen moving his head at the beginning of the video, clearly indicating he was still alive before he was shot.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104030,"OKLAHOMA CITY (CN) — The Oklahoma state senator charged last week with felony child prostitution resigned Wednesday, though Ralph Shortey’s exit will not change the balance in the Republican-dominated state Senate.

Ralph Shortey, R-Oklahoma City, was arrested last week and charged with hiring a 17-year-old boy for sex after meeting him on Craigslist.

Police charged the 35-year-old married father of four with engaging in child prostitution, engaging in prostitution within 1,000 feet of a church, and transporting a minor for prostitution — all felonies.

The Senate stripped him of his authority a week after police found him in the suburb of Moore on March 9 with a teenager at a hotel.

Advertisment

Shortey’s bail was set at $$100,000. He is to appear at an initial court hearing Friday.

“I appreciate the service the men and women of the Oklahoma Senate provide, and I recognize the need for the business of the Senate to proceed without distraction for the remainder of the legislative session,” Shortey wrote in his March 22 resignation letter.

According to the criminal information charging document, Shortey offered teenager J.M. “money in exchange for sexual contact” within 1,000 feet of First Christian Church.

Police said the encounter was preceded by the boy sending Shortey an online message that he needed money for spring break.

“The defendant replied, ‘I don’t really have any legitimate things I need help with right now. Would you be interested in “sexual” stuff?’” according to a sworn affidavit by a Moore police officer. “JM responded ‘Yes.’ The conversation goes on with both discussing logistics and how and where JM and the defendant are going to meet. JM tells the defendant ‘Hey keep updated cause I want you bad daddy.’ The defendant responds, ‘I’m gonna fuck you like a good little boy if you keep calling me daddy.’ The message included a smiley face emoji after boy.”

Police say they found a box of condoms in Shortey’s backpack and a bottle of lotion in the teenager’s backpack in the hotel room.

The boy said he’s met Shortey on a Craigslist personal encounter listing and that they have known each other for a year. Police said a “strong odor of marijuana” came from the hotel room and they found a green plastic container labeled “Colorado Retail Marijuana.”

Oklahoma lawmakers swiftly condemned Shortey after the charges were announced. In a 43-0 vote on March 15, senators approved a resolution accusing Shortey of “disorderly behavior.”

In a statement to Oklahoma media Wednesday, Shortey asked for privacy and said he would defend himself against the charges.

Shortey, whose voting history includes support of bills targeting gay and transgender people, was re-elected in November to his fourth term.

His resignation is effective immediately.

Despite his resignation, Republicans still dominate the Oklahoma Senate, 33 to 6, with one vacancy.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102931,"The decades old presentation ceremony honoring musical accomplishments got serious this year as performers used the spotlight to shed light on the police state.

The first performer of the night to address the issue of police killings was Pharrell Williams. Williams and company performed a version of “Happy” which is in stark contrast to the original version. Donning their black hoodies and with “hands up,” performers gave an artful gesture in the wake of so many slain lives.

Another artist in the “black lives matter,” Grammy takeover was singer Beyonce. She performed a rendition of “Take My Hand, Precious Lord,” while her choir-inspired backup dancers raised their hands in solidarity.

Advertisment

Prince, or the artist formerly known as, kicked off his presentation by saying, “Albums still matter. Like books and black lives, albums still matter.”

Common took to the stage after Beyonce to do his part to raise awareness. During the performance, Common subtly called out police brutality and institutional racism by holding up his hands in the “Don’t Shoot” protest gesture.

Because of the relentless drive of protesters across the nation, the issue of police brutality has quite literally taken main stage. In fact, the act of calling out police violence has now reached an almost “trendy” status.

Celebrity attention to matters such as police violence is certainly important. Those willing to put their careers in jeopardy by calling attention to the corruption of the status quo deserve to be commended.

However, it is also important to note that there is a risk of cheapening the movement through referencing it for personal gain. The problem of police brutality is nothing new, but the mainstream recognizing it, certainly is.

Hopefully, these celebrities are genuine in their support for inciting peaceful change; we remain optimistic.

Some brave celebrities used their status to inspire change before it became the cool thing to do.

On his facebook page in December Jackson offered a challenge to “all [the] celebrities that poured ice water on [their] head, a chance to do something else.”

Jackson challenged celebrities to sing the “We ain’t gonna stop, till people are free” song.

The song starts off with a reference to Eric Garner’s last words.

I can hear my neighbor cryin’ ‘I can’t breathe’ Now I’m in the struggle and I can’t leave. Callin’ out the violence of the racist police. We ain’t gonna stop, till people are free. We ain’t gonna stop, till people are free.

Jackson then ends the 47 second challenge asking celebrities to “come on, sing it out.”

While protesters across the nation sand this song in solidarity, not many celebrities jumped on board with Jackson’s call to action.

Prior to Jackson, immediately following the killing of Michael Brown in August, actor Orlando Jones issued his call to action.

Jones’ call to action included a reference to the ice bucket challenge, only Jones used a bucket of bullets.

“It’s not about black or white,” said Jones, in his video. “It’s not about rich or poor. It’s about us vs. them. There are more of us — from all races, genders and identities — then there will ever be of them. And we will be victorious.”

Throwing your hands up is one thing. Dumping a bucket of spent rounds on your head, and transcending racial barriers by forcing the notion that all lives matter, is something much more.

Follow @MattAgorist

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103821,"Calvert, Texas – Retired municipal court judge David Viscarde has recently come forward to expose the use of quotas on speeding tickets. In an exclusive interview this week, Viscarde told WFAA that the police department and the local courts were involved in a revenue collection scheme where officers had quotas for speeding tickets, and judges were pressured to rush the cases through the courts.

Viscarde was a volunteer municipal court judge for over 15 years.

Advertisment

“When I first became a judge, we had one reserve officer. That’s all he did on Friday and Saturday every other weekend. He’d write 100 citations,” Viscarde said.

“Their municipal court is their cash cow,” he added.

Viscarde explained how the pressure put on judges in the area caused him and many others to quit.

“The pressure to collect revenues in Calvert — and probably other small towns in Texas — is excessive. And what happens is, you got judges like me who say they’ve got better things to do with my time. ‘Thank you very much, and God bless you, I’ll move on,’” Viscarde said.

He also revealed that Police Departments from many small towns in the area of Texas funded their entire budgets with speeding tickets. According to Viscarde, some towns would not even be able to have a police force if it weren’t for the speeding tickets. In the town of Calvert, for example, the local government refuses to pay for a prosecutor, and would be unable to actually take speeding tickets to trial if a defendant wanted to fight back.

In some towns, there are more pending cases than there are people. In the town of Hearne, there are only 4,400 people, but 12,000 municipal court cases pending. In Calvert, there is an average of 5 pending cases for every person in the town.

“The mindset of most small towns — including Calvert, and I can only speak for Calvert — is, ‘After all, we’re only Calvert, who’s going to know?’ The problem is, I knew,” Viscarde said.

WFAA reported that none of the towns in question had ever been audited. Below is the interview with WFAA.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104190,"Racine, WI — James Wells was driving through town this week when he was stopped by a cop for a missing front license plate.

During the stop, Wells says the officer refused to let him get his insurance, after she asked him for his insurance. The officer then wrote him a ticket for failure to provide proof of insurance!

As the officer is writing up the various pieces of paper that will be used to extort this man, Wells grabs his cell phone and proceeds to go off.

“When she came to the car and she asked if I have a drivers license, I said yes, I have to look for it though it’s in my glove compartment. She said no, I don’t know what you’re reaching for, do not reach for it,” Wells explains the officer’s fearful tactics.

Advertisment

“When you ask me if I have insurance, and I reach to show you my insurance you get scared? And then you assume I don’t have any,” says Wells, describing the irrational nature of this officer.

“What am I gonna reach for”? asks Wells. “Am I gonna reach for a football? Or one of my books”?

When the officer returns to the car to give Wells his seemingly erroneous tickets, he lets her have it.

“This is the kind of cop that will shoot you! Right here. This is the kind of cop that will shoot you.” exclaims Wells.

The cop then attempts to flex her authority even more by demanding Wells submit to her a fingerprint.

“You’re not touching my finger. You had the chance to get my license, you asked me not to grab it,” said Wells.

“No, you were reaching all over for it,” says the officer.

“What do you mean, reaching all over, this is my car,” he says. “What am I going to reach for, a Bible? My books? What am I going to reach for? ”

“You are very afraid,” says Wells to the officer. “You should not be a cop. You cannot do this job. You are not good at what you do. You are very afraid.”

“I will not give you my index finger.”

After Wells stands his ground and refuses to be fingerprinted, the officer attempts to flex her authority and have Wells remove his license plate cover. Again, he successfully stands his ground.

At the end of the encounter, the officer realizes she is dealing with a mentally strong man who does not bow down to intimidation tactics, and she ends the stop.

After taking this police harassment life a true professional, Wells says that he was able to take a photo of the Police Chief’s personal vehicle, showing that it had not front plates either.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104231,"Pflugerville, TX — Tori Thayer was asleep on the night of August 2 when four armed men forced their way into her home and assaulted her. The assailants, who were looking for Thayer’s roommate, were all members of the same gang, the Travis County Sheriff’s Department.

“I was ready to run for my life and throw something at them,” Thayer recounted after hearing four strange men break into her home in at 3:00 am.

After breaking into the innocent woman’s home, deputies then demanded that Thayer tell them where her roommate was, to which she replied that she had no idea.

Frightened but assertive, Thayer kept her wits enough to pull out her phone and began to record the home invasion. What she captured on video was nothing short of infuriating and a ridiculous violation of her civil rights.

Advertisment

For demanding the cops end their warrantless assault on her person and property, the deputies proceeded to attack Thayer. She was slammed to the ground and handcuffed — for her own safety of course.

“And another officer got behind me and put his knee into my back and thrust me to the ground while one stayed on my chest the entire time and handcuffed me,” recalled Thayer.

Deputies continued searching her home without her consent.

“I was dumbfounded, honestly I’d never imagine something like this happening to me, I hear it on the news see on my newsfeed … but you never think about it happening to you,” said Thayer.

Eventually, Thayer would be allowed back up but the harassment and intimidation would not stop. Deputies claimed they received a call from the family of her roommate, Carly Christine. They had broken into this innocent woman’s home at 3:00 am to check on the welfare of Christine. Christine happened to be fine. However, the only one who needed help was Thayer, who was being attacked by four armed thugs.

At one point, the officers demanded the Thayer find out where Christine was, as if she was required to do the job of these officers.

As the barrage of questions continued, Thayer maintains that she has no idea where Christine is, but officers acted as if she wasn’t even talking.

“They acted as if I wasn’t even talking,” explained Thayer. “They kept asking me where she was and I had already had complied and told them everything I knew, at that point I was done, I couldn’t do anything and they just wouldn’t listen.”

Eventually, the cops realized that she was not an evil terrorist attempting to take over the world, and they left. But the damage was already done. Thayer filed a formal complaint with the Travis County Sheriff’s department on Wednesday.

After Thayer’s story made local news, however, the department made an attempt to censure their misdeeds by using threats to gag those who would spread this story and video.

In a statement sent to FOX 7, a spokesperson for the sheriff’s department said an investigation is underway and that , “any further statement or publication of evidence in the case, on television or social media, before a thorough investigation is completed is inappropriate and interferes with the integrity of the investigation.”

Had Thayer not recorded her assault, no one would have ever believed her, and any potential punitive or compensatory action would have likely been futile. And Thayer knows this, “I knew from the moment they walked in there was a very aggressive tone about them and I needed to get this because nobody would ever believe this.”

Below is the video of Thayer’s state-sponsored home invasion. Imagine how different this story would have played out had Thayer attempted to defend her home with a weapon; she would very likely be dead, and the cops touted as heroes.

At 27 seconds, the video goes black as Thayer is assaulted by the officers and drops her phone, but the audio of the assault can still be heard. The video picks back up at the 5:00 marker.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
56856,"A letter revealed by the Orlando Sentinel shows the FBI requested law enforcement agencies who responded to and investigated the massacre at Orlando’s Pulse nightclub to withhold information from the public.

A letter from the FBI dated June 20 attached to a lawsuit brought by the City of Orlando seeking the release of 911 calls in full, as well as other records pertaining to the shooting, had also been forwarded to the Seminole County Sheriff’s Office — but included instructions for law enforcement to deny all requests for information.

Under the guise of protecting the investigation — as well as the victims and their families — the letter asks law enforcement agencies to deny information to anyone asking and “immediately notify the FBI of any requests your agency received” so “the FBI can seek to prevent disclosure through appropriate channels, as necessary.”

Under an official FBI seal, the letter signed by special agent in charge of the agency’s Tampa field office, Paul Wysopal — who refused to comment to the Sentinel — states, in part:

Advertisment

“As you know, this is an active, on-going investigation being conducted by the FBI. The FBI considers information obtained from state and local enforcement agencies in furtherance of its investigation to be evidence or potential evidence. Accordingly the FBI is concerned that public disclosure of such records or information at this time will adversely affect our ability to effectively investigate the shooting and bring the matter to resolution; could endanger the safety of law enforcement officers, and other individuals who have participated in or are otherwise connected with the investigation; and risks unduly prejudicing any prosecutions that may result from the investigation.”

Though the letter claims the 911 audio recordings and any other information pertaining to the mass shooting would have an exemption under the Freedom of Information Act’s Section 522(b)(7)(A) — “protecting records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes where disclosure would adversely affect a pending investigation” — the excuse seems flimsy and superficial.

According to the Sentinel, attorneys for media outlets involved argue in the lawsuit for the release of all pertinent records because there exists “a strong public interest in fully evaluating how first responders and police reacted during the most critical phases of this incredible tragedy.”

Indeed, as recent revelations proved, law enforcement officers responding immediately to the scene entered the club to stop shooter Omar Mateen, but were told to hold their position until SWAT arrived — something Belle Isle Police Officer Brandon Cornwell said took “15 or 20 minutes — could’ve been longer.”

But under strict orders from the FBI, the City of Orlando continues refusing to release any records “out of respect for Pulse shooting victims and the families.”

However, were the FBI truly looking out for the injured and families of victims, withholding information — which could reveal possible negligence or mishandling of an active shooter situation — wouldn’t be considered. In fact, refusing to release information that might help the families seek recourse or some semblance of justice stands contrary to that end.

President of the First Amendment Foundation, Barbara Petersen, told the Sentinel the “FBI doesn’t have the authority to hijack Florida’s constitution, which guarantees us a right of access to all non-exempt public records.”

Despite the acknowledgement law enforcement would be “obligated to respond to a request under Florida’s Sunshine Law for records and information pertaining to the FBI’s pending investigation, including information that your agency has provided to the FBI in furtherance of our investigation, we request that you withhold the records,” under yet another exemption the agency invokes.

As the Orlando shooting has come under intense scrutiny, and the response and handling of the subsequent investigation by local, state, and federal law enforcement agencies remains the subject of controversy, the release of information to the public is crucial.

In the interim, suspicions about the incident’s apparent exception to rules concerning disclosure will remain a topic of debate.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95951,"For years, the US has been criticizing the massive human rights violations taking place in China. However, China just returned the favor.

In a scathing report released on China’s Xinhuanet, officials blast the US for its rampant violations of civil rights.

In their report, China’s State Council Information Office accused police of completely ignoring crimes.

Advertisment

Law enforcement authorities were run with a loose rein, with some even turning a blind eye to fugitives. Police officers were ignoring sex crimes on a regular basis. A report released in November by the inspector general of New Orleans found that of 1,290 sex crime calls for service assigned to five New Orleans police detectives from 2011 to 2013, 840 were designated as miscellaneous, and nothing at all was done (The New York Times, November 13, 2014). Of the 450 calls that led to the creation of an initial investigative report, no further documentation was found for 271 of them. Police and prosecutors were allowing tens of thousands of wanted felons to escape justice merely by crossing a state border (The USA Today, March 12, 2014). A confidential FBI database chronicled 186,873 of these cases, including more than 3,300 accused of sex crimes. A total of 78,878 felony suspects won’t be extradited from any place but neighboring states (The USA Today, March 12, 2014). Police indicated they would not spend the time or money to retrieve the fugitive from another state.

The Chinese report coincides a recent report by the Free Thought Project which showed police are becoming worse at solving crimes, despite there being a reduction in overall crime.

In the United States, the murder clearance rate in 1965 was more than 90 percent. Since the inception of the war on drugs, the murder clearance rate has plummeted to an average of less than 65 percent per year.

This decline is in spite of there being far fewer murders. It is also in spite of new technological developments to help police solve crimes, like DNA testing, advanced forensic labs, and unethical spying devices like the stingray.

According to the Department of Justice, there are currently over 400,000 untested rape kits collecting dust in police evidence rooms nationwide, and many other estimates suggest that this number could be as high as one million.

As a result of this horrific negligence, roughly 3% of rape cases in America are actually solved. This is in spite of the fact that many rape kits have a high chance of leading to an arrest since most rapists are career criminals who have their DNA on file.

But the Chinese report didn’t stop there. China’s State Council Information Office pointed out the excessive violence in the ranks of US police.

There was excessive use of violence by police. The Wall Street Journal reported on December 3, 2014, that many of the law enforcement agencies did not submit the statistics about killings by police when enforcing laws to the FBI. The report found at least 1,800 police killings took place in 105 police departments between 2007 and 2012. The Associated Press reported on December 7, 2014 that at least 400 deaths happened every year as a result of the law enforcement activities by the U.S. police officers, most of who were not prosecuted. And some police officers had repeated killings on record, though they were investigated for every case. There were 55 police officers who were sued at least 10 times with one being sued for 28 times. Los Angeles Times reported on September 14 that since 2004 a committee reviewed 809 complaints of excessive force or misconduct at the Southwest border, but no police officers had been punished.

The report is not exaggerating the frequency violence within the US carried out in the name of Law Enforcement.

China, whose population is 4 and 1/2 times the size of the United States, recorded 12 killings by law enforcement officers in 2014.

Law enforcement in the US killed 92 times more people than a country with nearly 1.4 billion people.

Of course, China is not without their share of corruption and state violence, but they have 4 times the population of the US and drastically less police violence.

The report goes on to point out the ‘chronic problem’ of racism within the US as well.

Racial discrimination has been a chronic problem in the U.S. human rights record. Facing discrimination in employment and payment, the ethnic minorities are trapped in graver poverty. In 2014, multiple cases of arbitrary police killing of African-Americans have sparked huge waves of protests, casting doubts on the racial “equality” in the U.S. and giving rise to racial hatred factors.

The report even goes so far as to call the murdering of African American men by police, ‘normal.’

Compared with other ethnic groups, African-Americans are more likely to become victims of police shooting. Police killings of African-Americans during law enforcement have practically become “normal” in the U.S. According to an analysis of federally collected data, young black males in recent years were at a far greater risk of being shot dead by police than their white counterparts — 21 times greater.

For a century, the US has been ridiculing China while at the same time praising the “Freedom” here in America. When a country, that we are told is a bastion for human rights violations, and corruption, cites specific cases and calls the US out for its rampant violence and corruption, something is indeed awry.

Perhaps this entire notion of the “Land of the Free” has become a farce. Perhaps the citizens in the US have been duped into thinking they are free and actually being used as a tax farm to fund a corrupt global empire. Perhaps, just perhaps, America has morphed into the very thing we once supposedly fought against.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90533,"One recurrent theme we hear, time after time here at The Free Thought Project, is that when police are involved in a mental health crisis, bad things happen. Now, there’s a survey to validate our observations.

Researchers sought to answer the question of whether or not police help or hinder the situation when they respond to a call of a mentally disturbed individual. The survey was conducted by the Phoenix Mayor’s Commission on Disability Issues. The method employed was a survey. The sample for the survey was taken from those seeking mental health care. There were 244 individuals who were polled and self-reported having mental-health issues seeking treatment in the Phoenix, Arizona metropolitan area. They were located in health clinics, residential programs, and some were homeless. Of those polled, a reported 51 percent had at least one encounter with police and 24 percent had three or more encounters with officers of the law.

The results of the survey found that 45 percent of those who reported having been in contact with police said the encounter quickly deteriorated after police arrived. Only 30 percent said police helped at all. And just 19 percent said they helped a lot. Only 6 percent of those polled said police had no effect at all. The statistics can be interpreted in many different ways. Principally, it could indicate Phoenix’ finest need a lot of help and training in dealing with mentally ill citizens.

Phoenix has a dedicated squad of officers to deal with mentally ill individuals. They’re called the Crisis Intervention Team, or CIT. There are two such teams today. The first was created in 2014, following the shooting death of Michelle Cusseaux. She was killed after greeting police with a claw hammer raised above her head. The public decried the shooting and said it was another murder of an unarmed African American at the hands of police.

Advertisment

The results of the study could serve to indicate just how much more training needs to take place within the Phoenix police department, but since it’s a first, there are no benchmarks to compare it to. In other words, it could have been worse before the CIT teams were created and the statistics simply don’t reflect their impact on society. But when nearly 50 percent of respondents say their interactions with police deteriorated once they arrived, something more must be done to protect the mentally ill in our society.

There may be no better example of just how bad a police encounter can become with someone who suffers from mental illness, than a story we reported to you in December.

Justin Tyler Scott was a mentally ill homeless man who literally lived on a sidewalk in Austin, Texas. Police Sgt. Gregory White approached him while pursuing a suspect. White began to ask Scott a series of questions. When the homeless man refused to answer all of his questions, he severely beat the man so badly he had to be hospitalized.

Upon being discharged from the hospital, he was then transferred to jail. Scott spent nearly six months in jail before prosecutors realized they did not have a case against him and dropped all charges. Scott sued and will likely win in court, a settlement the taxpayers will have to saddle.

In Phoenix, the situation for the mentally ill seems just as precarious. We spoke with a mentally-ill woman we will refer to only by her first name, Rene. She lives in South East Phoenix and was going to see a friend one day when she had a tire blow out. She was so distraught with the breakdown, she decided she’d walk the rest of the way to her friend’s house.

Rene grabbed her beer from her vehicle and started walking the short distance. Being stressed out by the blowout, Rene decided she’d crack open the beer she’d just bought and drink some liquid comfort along the way. That’s when she says she was bum rushed by a gang of men she did not recognize.

It turns out the men were undercover police officers who’d noticed her drinking beer in public and decided to arrest the mentally ill woman. What they didn’t know about her was that she was a rape survivor and being grabbed by a group of men was a trigger for her. She wailed against the men, even kicking one in the leg, a reaction which got her charged with assaulting an officer. The charge stuck, and she spent 188 days in jail for a crime she said she should never have been charged with.

Had police been better trained in identifying mental illness, it’s quite possible they could have noticed something was a bit off with Rene. She survived her stint in jail and left with a renewed commitment to seeing those who’ve been jailed unjustly, go free.

According to AZ Central, Phoenix Police understand there’s more work that needs to be done for citizens to remain safe, out of jail and getting the care they need. Phoenix police Sgt. Jonathan Howard explained to AZ Central there are thousands of mental-health pickup calls in Phoenix each year. He said the majority are problem free. He said other calls come in which involve some sort of crisis and isn’t unclear whether or not those individuals with whom the police are dealing, are mentally ill or not.

“So while we do have two squads of certified crisis intervention-trained officers … we still have thousands of officers responding to calls for service every day, working with people in crisis for a variety of reasons,” he said, adding there are an additional 500 Phoenix officers trained in the same crisis-intervention techniques as the two dedicated squads.

As we have previously reported, the Virginia-based Treatment Advocacy Center, an organization dedicated to eliminating the barriers faced by those with severe mental illnesses, released a jaw-dropping report, last year. In their report titled, Overlooked in the Undercounted: The Role of Mental Illness in Fatal Law Enforcement Encounters, researchers discovered that people with an untreated mental illness are 16 times more likely to be killed during an interaction with police than anyone else.

According to the study, by all accounts – official and unofficial – a minimum of 1 in 4 fatal police encounters ends the life of an individual with severe mental illness.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103408,"Denver, CO — This week, residents and local activists held a rally outside of the Denver City and County Building to protest the ongoing mistreatment of the city’s homeless population. Attorneys for homeless victims say city officials used flamethrowers to clear people from the streets, and then proceeded to have a barbeque as the hungry victims watched. It was also reported that their property was either stolen or set on fire.

In court, attorney Jason Flores-Williams stated, “Denver officials began burning plaintiff class members remaining property with flamethrowers. Afterwards, they held a BBQ at the site as the homeless individuals they had just forcefully evicted looked on.”

As expected, representatives of the city have denied these allegations, and released a statement calling the claims “absurd.” The city is also attempting to avoid a trial through summary judgment.

The statement read, “The city also plans to file a motion for summary judgment. It will be up to the court to determine what the evidence shows and whether either side is entitled to judgment without a trial. While facts will be determined by the court, it is absurd to suggest that the city used flamethrowers against any individual experiencing homeless.”

Advertisment

During the rally this week, Flores-Williams pointed out that the city’s “anti-camping” policy is aimed at removing “unwanted” residents from the city.

Flores-Williams pointed to a comment made by city official Bennie Milliner, where he was quoted as saying “I think without it we would look like L.A. right now.”

“So what Mr. Milliner did with one statement is express the real motivation and intent behind the homeless sweeps, and that is to rid the city of unwanted persons,” Flores-Williams suggested.

These accusations are truly unprecedented, even considering the current police state in America, so it will be interesting to see what other evidence is revealed in court.

The city of Denver has been aggressively persecuting its homeless population in a campaign that has been ongoing in recent years. As The Free Thought Project reported in December 2016, police in Denver were caught stealing blankets from the homeless in the middle of winter.

The police confiscated the blankets and camping gear claiming that the property was being held as “evidence.” The officers were enforcing a city-wide ban on “urban camping,” a measure that is popping up in cities across the country. These “urban camping” bans are an obvious assault on the homeless population who does not have a choice but to camp on the streets.

At the time, Denver Mayor Michael Hancock insisted that this was a measure to help force people into homeless shelters, but according to many homeless people that we have interviewed over the years, a shelter is not necessarily better than sleeping on the street.

Homeless shelters are a valuable resource, but only if a person enters one voluntarily on their own will. For a person who would rather brave the elements, being forced into a homeless shelter can be similar to being thrown in a prison. Many people prefer the freedom of a cold winter in a tent, as opposed to the institutionalized feel of a shelter, and these people should be free to make that choice without constant harassment from police.

In the long term, cities with large homeless populations should consider a jobs program such as the one implemented in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where nearly 1000 people have been able to find work thanks to the new policies.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102476,"Tripoli, Libya – After spending the last six years incarcerated by a militia in the wake of the systemic destruction of Libya by NATO-backed forces in 2011, the second son of slain Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, confirmed that he will run for president of Libya in 2018.

Through family spokesman Basem al-Hashimi al-Soul, Gaddafi confirmed to Egyptian television that he plans on running in what will likely be a tenuous election in the highly fragmented state.

According to his spokesman,

“Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former Libyan president, enjoys the support of major tribes in Libya so he can run for the upcoming presidential elections due in 2018. Saif al-Islam plans to impose more security and stability in accordance with the Libyan geography and in coordination with all Libyan factions”.

Since Gaddafi was freed in June, he has been touring Libya to build support among the nation’s numerous tribal factions. Libya remains a failed state in the wake of the 2011 NATO regime change operation.

According to a report in The Guardian:

Saif Gaddafi was once the heir apparent of the Libyan regime, a London School of Economics graduate touted as a modernizer who mixed with British high society.

After the NATO-backed destabilization operation saw Col. Gaddafi killed by militia and dragged through the streets of Libya, Saif Gaddafi returned to Libya and vowed to “defend its terroritory or die a martyr for it.”

At the time, a spokesman for the family said in a written statement:

“Saif al-Islam is inside Libya and is committed to his word, which he gave to all Libyans in 2011, when he said that he will remain in Libya to defend its territory or die a martyr for it.”

Although the publicly stated reason for the imposition of French-led U.N. Security Council Resolution 1973, which created a no-fly zone over Libya, was the express intent of protecting civilians, one of the over 3,000 new Hillary Clinton emails released by the State Department on New Year’s Eve 2015, contained damning evidence of Western nations using NATO as a tool to topple Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi.

Advertisment

The emails expose that the NATO-backed regime change operation was not for the protection of the Libyan people, but instead to thwart Gaddafi’s attempt to create a gold-backed African currency to compete against the Western central banking monopoly.

The emails indicate the French-led NATO military initiative in Libya was also driven by a desire to gain access to a greater share of Libyan oil production, and to undermine a long-term plan by Gaddafi to supplant France as the dominant power in the Francophone Africa region.

The April 2011 email, sent to the Secretary of State Hillary by unofficial adviser and longtime Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal with the subject line “France’s client and Qaddafi’s gold,” reveals predatory Western intentions.

The Foreign Policy Journal reports:

The email identifies French President Nicholas Sarkozy as leading the attack on Libya with five specific purposes in mind: to obtain Libyan oil, ensure French influence in the region, increase Sarkozy’s reputation domestically, assert French military power, and to prevent Gaddafi’s influence in what is considered “Francophone Africa.” Most astounding is the lengthy section delineating the huge threat that Gaddafi’s gold and silver reserves, estimated at “143 tons of gold, and a similar amount in silver,” posed to the French franc (CFA) circulating as a prime African currency.

The email makes clear that intelligence sources indicate the impetus behind the French attack on Libya was a calculated move to consolidate greater power, using NATO as a tool for imperialist conquest, not a humanitarian intervention as the public was falsely led to believe.

According to the email:

This gold was accumulated prior to the current rebellion and was intended to be used to establish a pan-African currency based on the Libyan golden Dinar. This plan was designed to provide the Francophone African Countries with an alternative to the French franc (CFA). (Source Comment: According to knowledgeable individuals this quantity of gold and silver is valued at more than $$7 billion. French intelligence officers discovered this plan shortly after the current rebellion began, and this was one of the factors that influenced President Nicolas Sarkozy’s decision to commit France to the attack on Libya.)

NATO’s imperialist adventurism has subsequently left Libya a failed state, locked in a perpetual multi-dimensional power struggle, without a single unifying government.

Saif Gaddafi plans to reunify the fragmented country, similar to what his father before him did in 1969. However, after years of imperialist meddling, there are numerous factors that could significantly impede his plans.

The current power struggle reveals multiple factions vying for dominance.

According to a report by The Duran:

At present, the leading factions are the broadly pro-western Government of National Accord in Tripoli and the Egypt backed and generally Russia friendly Libyan House of Representatives in the eastern Libyan city of Tobruk. The strongest armed forces in Libya and frankly the only united one, is the Libyan National Army led by House of Representatives loyalist Khalifa Haftar. By contrast, the fledgling Government of National Accord is constantly besieged with a rival Tripoli faction, the National Salvation Government, while all forces are battling (or in the case of the Tripoli factions, failing to battle) terrorists associated with al-Qaeda, the Muslim Brotherhood and ISIS. Resurrecting Libya as any kind of state is a monumental order. In a few short years, a NATO war turned Libya from a wealthy, united state with high standards of living and near-universal literacy to an open air terrorist training camp, built on top of a failed state. Thus far, the only signs of salvation have come in the form of military victories by Haftar’s Army which has successfully cleansed Benghazi of many terrorist forces. The problem however is that while Haftar’s Libyan National Army has found success, the Libyan House of Representatives for whom he fights, has struggled to put forward a cohesive nation wide political programme.

Subsequently, Saif Gaddafi’s entry into the political fray could drastically change the calculus on the ground as he enjoys a popular support that far exceeds that of the Western-backed Government of National Accord, which coincidentally, doesn’t recognize the amnesty granted to Gaddafi by other competing factions.

Interestingly, similar to the modern paradigm, prior to Muammar Gaddafi’s 1969 revolution, Libya was an economically dysfunctional state, run by local tribes that had little interest in the creation of a unified country. This tribalist Libya was ruled by King Idris until his eventual overthrow by a young Col. Gaddafi in 1969.

After Gaddafi took power from Idris, life in Libya changed drastically, as modernity, world-class healthcare, public wealth, irrigation to the desert and technological amenities became available to the masses.

Sadly, since the imperialist NATO intervention in 2011, Libya has returned to the dark ages as murder, violence, and instability have become the norm. As TFTP has reported, we have even seen the reemergence of slavery in the region where human beings are being bought and sold in broad daylight.

Some feel that because of his pedigree and family legacy, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi could serve as a unifying figure in the country. Libya observers believe that Saif Gaddafi could benefit from the general weariness of extreme fragmentation and nostalgia for the relative stability of the Gaddafi era.

Saif’s lawyer and public representative, Khalid al Zaidi noted Saif’s ability to reunite Libya in a recent public statement.

Calling Saif Libya’s “only hope”, Zaidi said, “the current situation in Libya, the absence of dialogue and the misunderstanding of the actual state of affairs there make it essential that Saif al-Islam Gaddafi returns to politics to try to reach a political settlement.”

He added, “There have been frequent reports that Saif al-Islam has left Libya, but this is not true. He is communicating with Libyan leaders, representatives of tribes to reach a political solution and appease the conflicting parties.”

Saif al-Islam Gaddafi’s entry into the political field is likely precipitated by the December 17 expiration of a tenuous UN agreement designed to maintain a semblance of national unity.

According to The Guardian:

If there is no agreement between the factions to amend and extend the agreement, there are fears that the current most powerful military figure, General Khalifa Haftar, head of the Libyan National Army (LNA), which holds sway in the east, will seek to capture Tripoli, and oust the UN-backed prime minister, Fayez al-Sarraj, and his Government of National Accord (GNA).

Haftar has backing from Egypt, Russia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE).

The UN-brokered Libyan agreement, signed on December 17, 2015, established Libya’s Government of National Accords (GNA) for a one-year period, which could be renewed only once.

The UN position is now that the agreement, which aimed to unite the country’s warring factions, is still in full effect until a new agreement is adopted.

But Haftar, who backs a rival administration in the east, rejected the statement, according to Al-Jazeera.

“The 17th of December has arrived and brought with it the end of the so-called Skhirat agreement,” Haftar, who never recognised the authority of the GNA, said in a televised appearance on Sunday night. “Therefore all institutions created by this agreement are void,” he added. “These institutions have not obtained full legitimacy since the first day they started working, and as of today, Libyans feel that they have lost patience and that the promised period of peace and stability has become a faraway dream.”

Libya remains divided between the GNA in Tripoli, led by Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, and a Haftar-backed administration in the east.

This could create a perfect storm for Saif Gaddafi’s entry into Libyan politics.

According to a report in The Duran:

Saif would likely have to deal with Haftar, especially as Haftar’s support could be crucial in what would pass for an election in post-NATO Libya. Khalifa Haftar was once a loyal officer in Gaddafi’s Libya but in the late 1980s, during the war with Chad, he fell out with Gaddafi and ran to the US where he became an American citizen. Upon returning to Libya, his secular political programme, proven military skill and his backing by secular Egypt, has made him a moderate in a failed state undulating between various Takfiri extremes. It is not clear how Saif al-Islam would be able to work with a man who was viewed as a failure and traitor by his father, but it would be almost impossible if two men with a theoretically similar political programme for Libya could not at least attempt to work together in some capacity.

While Libyan society is extremely fragmented, with virtually no sign of a unified state, the potential for Haftar and Gaddafi to reunify the Libyan nation certainly exists.

Will Saif Gaddafi stand up against the western powers that murdered his father over Libyan oil and gold, or will he suffer the same fate as his father due to imperialist intervention in Libya?

Could a Gaddafi-Haftar alliance secure the future of the once prosperous African nation?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50541,"King County, WA — Dustin Theoharis was asleep in his bed when a Department of Corrections officer, and King County Sherriff’s deputy rushed into his house on February 11, 2012. The two cops busted into his bedroom and began to unload their pistols on this unarmed man.

It is estimated that the two officers fired over 20 rounds of which 16 landed in Mr. Theoharis. According to Theoharis’s attorney, Erik Heipt, “Theoharis suffered “a broken shoulder, 2 broken arms, broken legs, he had a compression fracture to his spine, damage to his liver and spleen.”

To add insult to attempted murder, Theoharis was not the guy the police were after. According to King 5 News Seattle, the King County Sheriff’s deputy and Washington Department of Corrections officer who shot him were at the house to arrest a man who’d violated his parole.

Advertisment

Cole Harrison, who was at the house, described it this way: “They (the officers) rushed into that room like they were going to get somebody. I mean they rushed down there and then all of a sudden. Boom, boom, boom, boom.”

King County reached a settlement with Theoharis in 2013, agreeing to pay him $$3 million. But Theoharis brought a federal lawsuit against the officers.

Officers claimed that Theoharis was reaching for a gun. Although Theoharis would have been entirely justified reaching for a gun, as his life was clearly in danger, he denies this claim.

According to the Seattle Times, in his federal suit, Theoharis alleges Rongen and Thompson fired at him after asking for identification. Theoharis contends he reached to the floor for his wallet and was turning back with it when he was struck with about 16 shots in the face, arm, legs and abdomen.

After hearing the details of this case on Feb. 6, 2015 US District Judge Richard Jones ruled Theoharis’ excessive-force claim in his suit should be heard by a jury in a trial scheduled for June 1.

But this week all that would change.

In a travesty of justice, reacting to Jones’ ruling that raised questions about the deputy’s and officer’s version of events, prosecutors said in statement that insufficient evidence remains that the two acted with malice or bad faith in violation of state law.

After reviewing the conflicting reports of that fateful evening, it is clear that prosecutors are either covering for their boys in blue or haven’t looked at any of the evidence.

A review was requested by Charles Gaither, a civilian watchdog of the Sheriff’s Office in July of 2013. The review was conducted by a police accountability expert, Merrick Bobb.

The review showed that the officers refused to be interviewed on the scene, and no internal investigation was ordered. In fact, Deputy Aaron Thompson didn’t even issue a statement until a month later. Presumably after he was able to fabricate the events of that evening.

The report also suggests that the Sheriff’s Office did more to cover for the two officers than it did to investigate the shooting; citing an apparent conflict of interest right from the start.

“Under KCSO policy, the first supervisor to arrive at the scene is obliged to assume control of the crime scene, direct involved personnel, and take on preliminary investigation responsibilities. (G.O. 6.02.015, subd. Clearly, given the sensitive issues that often accompany deadly force incidents, the neutrality of the supervisor needs to remain unquestioned. In this case, however, the first responding supervisor, KCSO Sergeant D, did not maintain the position of neutrality. Shortly after arriving on the scene, he switched roles from supervisor and neutral party to officer advocate.”

Also noted in the report is the severe incompetence or deliberate deficiency of the Sherriff’s Office when conducting the investigation.

“Nonetheless, we were deeply troubled by serious deficiencies in the underlying investigation and the apparent unwillingness of KCSO to question its own officers about the use of deadly force once it appeared that they have not committed a crime. For example, the involved officers were not immediately interviewed about their actions, but instead were given over a month to provide a written account of the shooting. In addition, physical evidence was overlooked or moved, witness interviews were not thorough, and inconsistencies were not adequately addressed.”

Meanwhile, Dustin Theoharis has undergone 12 surgeries and will never be the same again. This is a travesty of justice. And sadly it’s just another example of how police can shield themselves from crimes they commit by being the enforcement cog in the rusty bureaucratic machine that is the state.

Follow @MattAgorist

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38751,"All too often, the American citizens and the rest of the world at large put so much faith in mainstream media that they are led into dangerous and deadly situations — based entirely on lies. One glaring and extremely relevant instance is how the corporate media became a parroting organization for the lies leading up to the invasion of Iraq in 2003.

“Intelligence gathered by this and other governments leaves no doubt that the Iraq regime continues to possess and conceal some of the most lethal weapons ever devised,” then-president George Bush asserted in a public address on March 17, 2003. “This regime has already used weapons of mass destruction against Iraq’s neighbors and against Iraq’s people.”

Bush’s assertions were questioned by not only human rights experts, but by U.N. weapons inspectors and countless others — so shortly after the U.S. invaded the sovereign nation, the New York Times took up the slack to fill in the appropriate casus belli.

Now, more than a decade after hundreds of thousands of innocent people were slaughtered in the conflict created by the United State, the world knows — there were never any weapons of mass destruction.

While the US often invents fake stories to convince the population to support its wars for profit, its media also parrots other dangerous fake news stories that have potential for massive and catastrophic results.

Case in point: NORTH KOREA FIRES PROJECTILE, MEDIA SAYS: XINHUA –Bloomberg

As ZeroHedge reports:

As expected – and feared – during the annual “Day of the Sun” celebration parade (celebrating the birth of the nation’s founder), Bloomberg blasted a headline that Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that North Korea has fired a projectile. NORTH KOREA FIRES PROJECTILE, MEDIA SAYS: XINHUA On its website, Bloomberg immediately picked up the story, and ran with “North Korea Fires Projectile Media, Says Xinhua” (at a url which still reads: “https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-15/north-korea-fires-projectile-media-says-xinhua“) However, it appears that the headline scanning algos made a collosal error, and that Xinhua interpreted events quite incorrectly as it was, as CBC and Reuters reports, the appearance of a new submarine-launched missile at the parade for the first time:

NORTH KOREA SUBMARINE-LAUNCHED BALLISTIC MISSILE SEEN AT MILITARY PARADE FOR FIRST TIME: RTRS North Korea displayed its submarine-launched ballistic missiles (SLBM) for the first time on Saturday ahead of a massive military parade in the capital, Pyongyang.

Immediately after they almost kicked off World War 3, both Bloomberg and Xinhua rushed to correct the headlines.

XINHUA CLARIFIES HEADLINE ON NORTH KOREAN MISSILE

N.KOREA DISPLAYS BALLISTIC MISSILE AT MILITARY PARADE: XINHUA

Luckily, their retractions were timely enough to avoid actual military confrontation. However, not before the rest of the Western media ran similar headlines — all which have since been changed.

Advertisment

With great reach comes great responsibility. To erroneously parrot entirely fake information that could potentially set off a world war, to millions of your readers, without first checking the facts, is irresponsible, to say the least.

Below is a short list of other examples of fake news, from a previous report by the Free Thought Project. All of these instances below, just like the instance above could’ve done, resulted in the suffering and death of millions.

Gulf of Tonkin Incident

Often, the American mainstream media becomes a de facto government employee, taking the claims of U.S. officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war.

On August 5, 1964, the New York Times reported “President Johnson has ordered retaliatory action against gunboats and ‘certain supporting facilities in North Vietnam’ after renewed attacks against American destroyers in the Gulf of Tonkin.” Additional outlets, such as the Washington Post, echoed this claim.

But it wasn’t true. At all. In fact, the Gulf of Tonkin incident, as it became known, turned out to be a fictitious creation courtesy of the government to escalate war in Vietnam — leading to the deaths of tens of thousands of U.S. troops and millions of Vietnamese, fomenting the largest anti-war movement in American history, and tarnishing the reputation of a nation once considered at least somewhat noble in the eyes of the world.

In 2010, more than 1,100 transcripts from the Vietnam era were released, proving Congress and officials raised serious doubts about the information fed to them by the Pentagon and White House. But while this internal grumbling took place, mainstream media dutifully reported official statements as if the veracity of the information couldn’t be disputed.

Tom Wells, author of the exhaustive exposé “The War Within: America’s Battle Over Vietnam,” explained the media egregiously erred in “almost exclusive reliance on U.S. government officials as sources of information” and “reluctance to question official pronouncements on ‘national security issues.’”

If due diligence had been performed, and reporters had raised appropriate doubts about the Gulf of Tonkin false flag, it’s arguable whether support for the contentious war would have lasted as long as it did.

Suppression of brutality perpetrated in Bahrain during the Arab Spring

CNN sent reporter Amber Lyon and a crew to U.S. ally Bahrain for a documentary about technology’s role in the 2011 people’s uprising known as the Arab Spring, ultimately titled “iRevolution: Online Warriors of the Arab Spring” — but what they encountered instead bore the hallmarks of a repressive and violent regime, and its attempt to filter and censor the truth. Lyon and the other CNN reporters went to great lengths to speak with sources participating in the massive uprising — one the Bahraini government wished to quash at all costs.

“By the time the CNN crew arrived,” the Guardian reported, “many of the sources who had agreed to speak to them were either in hiding or had disappeared. Regime opponents whom they interviewed suffered recriminations, as did ordinary citizens who worked with them as fixers. Leading human rights activist Nabeel Rajab was charged with crimes shortly after speaking to the CNN team. A doctor who gave the crew a tour of his village and arranged meetings with government opponents, Saeed Ayyad, had his house burned to the ground shortly after. Their local fixer was fired ten days after working with them.”

Even the CNN crew experienced the wrath of the regime, upon showing up to interview one source, the Guardian continued, “‘20 heavily-armed men’, whose faces were ‘covered with black ski masks’, ‘jumped from military vehicles’, and then ‘pointed machine guns at’ the journalists, forcing them to the ground. The regime’s security forces seized their cameras and deleted their photos and video footage, and then detained and interrogated them for the next six hours.”

After returning to the U.S., Lyon felt it her duty to expose the abuse being perpetrated by the government of an ally nation — but CNN International didn’t agree. CNN U.S. eventually aired the one-hour documentary. Once. CNN International never did — worse, the organization gave Lyon the cold shoulder, ignoring her repeated requests to return to Bahrain, which would have put CNN ahead of the game in reporting government brutality. Its failure to air the documentary and refusal to provide justification for doing so angered seasoned CNN and other mainstream established journalists across the board.

Lyon met with CNN International president Tony Maddox twice — he first promised to investigate why the documentary wasn’t aired, and then turned against her, warning the journalist not to discuss the matter publicly. Bahraini officials contacted CNN International repeatedly complaining about Lyon’s continued reporting on what she’d witnessed. Intimidation continued until she was eventually laid off, putatively for an unrelated matter.

Attempting to save face, CNN International rebuffed the Guardian’s account and interview with Lyon — but the effort was an impotent justification for the obvious failure of integrity.

But threats for Lyon to remain silent followed her off the job, and when she persisted in exposing the Bahraini regime, as well as the suppression by CNN, the outlet sent a stern warning to halt. Lyon, however, said she had never signed a non-disclosure agreement and would not be pressured into their lies — ultimately walking away reputation in hand — something that could not be said for CNN.

That time Fox News hired a CIA operative who wasn’t a CIA operative

Wayne Shelby Simmons made guest appearances on Fox News as a security expert with insider expertise from his work as a CIA operative — for over a decade. However, Simmons had never been employed by the agency — in fact, the imposter’s lies eventually caught up with him and he was arrested and sentenced to 33 months in prison.

“Instead of verifying whether Simmons had actually worked for the CIA, Fox News and the Agency allowed him to make fools out of Bill O’Reilly, Sean Hannity, Andrew Napolitano, Neil Cavuto, and everyone at Fox & Friends for over the last twelve years. After building a false reputation as a CIA agent on Fox News, Simmons obtained an interim security clearance when an unnamed government contractor hired him in 2008. Simmons also falsely claimed on national security forms that his prior arrests and criminal convictions were directly related to his supposed intelligence work for the CIA, and that he had previously held a top secret security clearance from 1973 to 2000,” The Free Thought Project’s Andrew Emett explained.

In other words, mainstream Fox News didn’t bother with journalism at all — proffering fake expertise as the real deal — because the outlet failed the most basic of tasks any hourly wage employer would perform.

Simmons’ commentaries weren’t harmless stabs in the dark, either — relentlessly parroting baseless Islamophobic rhetoric to drum up support for the government’s insidious war on terror likely poisoned the minds of thousands of viewers, furthering the already divisive atmosphere in the U.S.

Vapid anti-marijuana propaganda and the furtherance of the war on drugs

According to the Drug Policy Alliance, over $$51 billion is spent fighting the war on drugs in the United States — each year. In 2015, a striking 38.6 percent of all arrests for drug possession were for cannabis — 643,121 people were arrested for marijuana-related offenses.

What those figures don’t show are the millions of lives ruined by criminal conviction for the government’s unjustifiable quest to eradicate, demonize, and vilify this beneficial plant. It would be an impossible task to tally the number of families whose homes have been destroyed by SWAT teams searching for marijuana — whether or not police bothered to verify an address. An untold number of others have been slain by police for the same reason.

But worst of all, the mainstream media propagates nonsensical, false propaganda about cannabis to convince the gullible and ignorant among us to equate it with heroin, cocaine, and other ‘illicit’ substances. And while a majority of the populace has seen through such lies, some outlets have obstinately continued the drug war — seemingly of their own volition.

One stunning example occurred in March last year, when Dr. David Samadi made a guest appearance on Fox News to fearmonger the horrors of marijuana and scare the bejeezus out of the viewing audience.

“It actually causes heart attacks. It increases your heart rate. And on and on,” Samadi claimed, fecklessly distorting statistics. “We’re seeing in Colorado that we had 13 kids that came to the emergency [room] and ended up in the ICU as a result of overdose from marijuana. Now we have crack babies coming in because pregnant women are smoking this whole marijuana business.”

Fortunately, the Internet has provided the public with alternatives to these corporate media lies — and as of two years ago, despite these and other claims about pot being a dangerous substance, Pew Research Center found fully 69 percent of the population felt alcohol was more harmful than cannabis.

* * *

While this list presents only a few of the bigger lies of the corporate press, there are innumerable examples of its proud history of actual fake news. Keep these in mind when the mainstream presstitutes rush to reprint a hit list targeting journalists and outlets whose narratives counter the establishment. Indeed, it would be the corporate media — with its vast captive audience — who most deserves to be listed as propagators of lies.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104118,"Bardstown, Kentucky – Police in Kentucky shot a man this week, and according to Nelson County Sheriff Ed Mattingly, he is glad that the man was white. According to police, suspect John Kennedy Fenwick was being chased by police in a stolen truck, and was shot and injured when he was finally apprehended. Police said that other officers were also injured in the chase, but this was likely due to car accidents that occurred in the pursuit.

Fenwick is in the hospital and is expected to survive his injuries.

In a press conference this week, Mattingly expressed joy that the victim of this police shooting was not a black man.

Advertisment

We are glad that he is white, and we shouldn’t have to be worried about that. And we do not want any backlash or violence in this community because people have been misinformed. I think that the public needs to know how the criminal justice system works and… what officers are able to do,” Mattingly said on Monday.

Apparently Mattingly assumes that anger in communities stems from the citizens being misinformed. Apparently, according to the Sheriff, the anger is unfounded and has nothing to do with watching police detain, harass and gun down members of their community on a regular basis.

“We must take notice of previous cases and how the media has handled those situations. We want the public to be informed and accurately informed. We do not want trouble, the media has not done a very good job of informing the public, and the public is not educated on how the system actually works,” he added.

While race does play a significant role in the problems in policing, and people of darker skin do face greater persecution from police, police brutality and government oppression are issues that affect people of all racial and social backgrounds. Communities should be concerned about this violence carried out against their neighbors regardless of age, race, gender or social class.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
92262,"Filmmaker Faces 45 Years in Prison for Reporting on Dakota Access Protests

“They threw the book at Deia for being a journalist.”

In an ominous sign for press freedom, documentary filmmaker and journalist Deia Schlosberg was arrested and charged with felonies carrying a whopping maximum sentence of up to 45 years in prison—simply for reporting on the ongoing Indigenous protests against fossil fuel infrastructure.

Schlosberg was arrested in Walhalla, North Dakota on Tuesday for filming activists shutting down a tar sands pipeline, part of a nationwide solidarity action organized on behalf of those battling the Dakota Access Pipeline.

“The actions of the North Dakota Police force are not just a violation of the climate, but a violation of the constitution.”

—Josh Fox,Gasland filmmaker

The filmmaker was held without access to a lawyer for 48 hours, her colleague Josh Fox wrote in the Nation, and her footage was confiscated by the police.

Schlosberg was then charged Friday with three felonies, the Huffington Post reported: “conspiracy to theft of property, conspiracy to theft of services and conspiracy to tampering with or damaging a public service. Together, the charges carry 45 years in maximum prison sentences.”

Advertisment

“They have in my view violated the First Amendment,” Fox told the Huffington Post, referring to the state’s Pembina County Sheriff’s Department. “It’s fucking scary, it knocks the wind of your sails, it throws you for a loop. They threw the book at Deia for being a journalist.”

NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden observed that Schlosberg faces more years in prison than he does for leaking secret documents about the NSA’s mass surveillance program in 2013:

This reporter is being prosecuted for covering the North Dakota oil protests. For reference, I face a mere 30 years. https://t.co/GzMbwCVV40 — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) October 14, 2016

“Deia isn’t alone,” observed Fox in an op-ed in the Nation. “The arrest of journalists, filmmakers, and others witnessing and reporting on citizen protests against fossil-fuel infrastructure amid climate change is part of a worrisome and growing pattern.”

Indeed, the news of Schlosberg’s arrest followed Democracy Now‘s Amy Goodmanannouncement earlier this week that she will return to North Dakota to combat charges she faces as a result of reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline protest last month.

“Goodman, whose camera crew filmed a private security team attacking peaceful Native American protesters with dogs and pepper spray, faces charges of criminal trespassing—which many have said amounts to an assault on press freedom,” as Common Dreams reported.

It also emerged late Saturday that a North Dakota state prosecutor has dropped the trespassing charge and is seeking instead to charge Goodman with participating in a “riot,” Democracy Now reported.

“I came back to North Dakota to fight a trespass charge. They saw that they could never make that charge stick, so now they want to charge me with rioting,” said Goodman. “I wasn’t trespassing, I wasn’t engaging in a riot, I was doing my job as a journalist by covering a violent attack on Native American protesters.”

A warrant for Goodman’s arrest was issued September 8.

Meanwhile, actor Shailene Woodley was arrested Monday while live-streaming a prayer action at a Dakota Access construction site. “She was singled out, the police told her, because she was well-known and had 40,000 people watching live on her Facebook page,” Fox wrote. “Other filmmakers shooting protest actions along the pipeline have also been arrested.”

“Journalism is not a crime; it is a responsibility,” Fox said in a press statement about this pattern of arrests. “The actions of the North Dakota Police force are not just a violation of the climate, but a violation of the constitution.”

Supporters have created a petition calling on the authorities in North Dakota to drop charges against Schlosberg, Goodman, and other journalists arrested for doing their work and reporting on the protests against Dakota Access.

Neil Young, Mark Ruffalo, Daryl Hannah, and other celebrities have also signed an open letter to President Barack Obama and North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple, calling on the leaders to intervene and for Schlosberg’s charges to be dropped. The charges were “unfair, unjust, and illegal,” the letter said, according to Reuters.

“This is not only about reporting on the climate-change movement,” Fox argued in the Nation. “Journalists have also been arrested reporting on Black Lives Matter, the movement for Native rights, and many other important movements the corporate media fails to cover. The First Amendment and the Constitution are at stake in this case. If we lose it, we lose America too.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96195,"Opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline has picked up steam in recent months, as Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and their supporters face increasingly ferocious attacks by police guarding Energy Transfer Partners’ construction project.

Sunday night saw the most merciless crackdown to date, as police from multiple agencies led by the Morton County Sheriff’s Department continually fired rubber bullets and beanbag rounds, tear gas, mace, concussion grenades, and a water cannon into a group of 400 water protectors trapped on a bridge in 23° weather — for over six hours.

A tribal elder went into cardiac arrest, twice, a 13-year-old girl was shot in the face, likely by a rubber bullet, a young man suffered a grand mal seizure, many stumbled away with fractures, multiple people became hypothermic, and one woman, Sophia Wilansky, might lose her arm after a concussion grenade tore through flesh, exposing the bone.

A first responder with 30 years’ experience described the hours-long attack as “the worst thing I’ve ever seen in my life.”

Advertisment

And while the silence from President Obama and corporate media has been deafening, multiple celebrities have stepped up to the plate to call attention to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s quest to preserve the integrity of their drinking water source, the Missouri River — which a completed pipeline threatens to contaminate.

Now, metal band Lamb of God’s frontman, Randy Blythe, an avid surfer and water-lover, will join the water protectors in their North Dakota encampments near Cannon Ball to lend his support because, as he explained on Instagram, the struggle to preserve clean water concerns all of us.

“I am a surfer, and a true son of the South Eastern Coast of the United States. This means I spend a lot of time in the relatively warm waters of Virginia & North Carolina; in fact I spend as much time in those waters as possible given my job as a touring musician- whenever I can I ride waves, I fish, & I swim in the ocean. I have not been able to surf for a few months now because of touring with 2 different bands, & I am dying to go catch a wave. So now when I am finally off tour, why am I going far inland to freezing North Dakota (of all places), where people are getting tear gassed & arrested, instead of to the much warmer beach to chill?” Blythe explained.

“I am going because as a surfer, I know that all of our planet’s water is connected, and that you cannot poison a river without it eventually leading to the sea. I am going because there are people trying to stop a river from being poisoned, & they need firewood, coffee, wool blankets, winter sleeping bags, & strong hands that know how to swing an ax- I have those things, so I am driving them there.”

Indeed, the Morton County Sheriff’s Department’s cruel — and perhaps intentionally ironic — decision to saturate water protectors with weaponized water in sub-freezing temperatures drew stark attention to the frosty conditions the camps will endure in coming months. With winds whipping through the open plains, wind chills will dip far below zero — and this winter is predicted to have temperatures well below already-frigid averages.

Blythe’s winter supplies and assistance will be a bit of welcome relief. Like other celebrities who have spent time at the camps, the Lamb of God vocalist isn’t doing so for publicity or self-promotion — rather, Blythe views opposition to Dakota Access as imperative, and his ability to bring winter supplies and help the effort as a duty.

“I am going & bringing my Ojibwe bro David so that he can hoist his tribal flag & represent his people, & I can represent the South Eastern punk rock wave riders,” Blythe wrote.

“I am going because I have been planning this for weeks, my heart tells me it is the right thing to do, & my spirit is restless & will not sit still inside of me until I do something besides talk about how horrible it is we are destroying our planet. So people of Standing Rock, @rollingcloud1 & I are on our way from Minnesota- we come in peace, but make no mistake- we are coming in full effect, & we are coming to stand with you. #nodapl #waterislife #hokahey”

A number of other celebrities have dedicated time and donated supplies and resources to the water protectors, including, among others, Mark Ruffalo, who donated portable solar generators; Shailene Woodley, who was arrested while filming live; Dave Matthews, who will perform a Stand With Standing Rock benefit concert on November 27; Neil Young, who gave an impromptu concert to boost morale; and Jane Fonda, who is donating four Mongolian yurts and will assist with a Wopila Feast for 500 water protectors.

This isn’t the first time Randy Blythe offered his assistance — when he learned Lamb of God fan, Wayne Ford, was dying from leukemia, the vocalist befriended the man in 2012. Ford, who ultimately lost his battle with cancer, so inspired Blythe, he wrote a song called “The Duke” about and dedicated to him — and later donated his gold record for Lamb of God’s 2004 album of the year, “Ashes of the Wake,” to a charity auction to benefit The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.

As the fight to permanently halt construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline continues, Standing Rock Sioux and the other water protectors need winter supplies like those being donated by Blythe. If you would like to donate items, a list of possibilities can be found here.

For all the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe has been forced to endure — just to ensure future generations will have clean water — the best possible outcome would be the halt of construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Perhaps, as an increasingly vocal opposition calls attention to the atrocities committed by police and ETP thus far, that goal will come to fruition.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38387,"Law enforcement is a product that we are forced to buy. When any product is not subject to the forces of consumer demand, there is no way of changing it. It is time we applied the fundamental lesson of competition to our supposed protectors

In Ferguson, while the police and National Guard seemed powerless to protect peaceful citizens from rioters, private organizations stepped in to fill the gap.

Oath Keepers, an organization of former and current military and police agents, spent several nights standing guard over businesses to deter looters. Many of the people they protected seemed grateful. Davis Vo, a restaurant owner, noted, “When they’re here, there’s definitely a weight lifted off of our shoulders.” With looting ongoing, and the National Guard focused on protecting the police command post rather than major commercial areas, many business owners were thankful for extra protection — wherever it came from.

The actions of Oath Keepers are part of a trend of private enterprises competing with police to provide security. Threat Management Center, a private defense firm, protected folks in Detroit when police forces couldn’t. Peacekeeper, a free app, competes with police by enabling people to build a network of friends, family, and neighbors whom they can call on in an emergency. The organization notes that this service can be faster and more customer-centric than calling police.

Advertisment

Rather than embracing the help, police have cracked down on private protection entities. In Ferguson, they threatened Oath Keepers with arrest for operating without a license. Dale Brown, founder of the Threat Management Center, claims that “because the police usually see us as competitors, they are very eager to come after us if we screw up.”

Many private citizens echo this disapproval of organizations that compete with the police. The New York Times, for instance, called Oath Keepers a “militia.” The Daily Mail accused Oath Keepers of being “vigilantes.” When any private entity offers protection services, regardless of the facts of the case, knee-jerk claims are sure to follow.

While it’s important to discourage vigilantism, private protection organizations are not in themselves problematic. Problems arise when these entities abuse their power by harming ordinary citizens instead of acting as a self-defense network. (But this is also true of police.) There are already laws on the books against vigilantism, but collective self-defense remains perfectly legal. Private protection agencies should not be punished just because they might hypothetically do something illegal.

Taking preemptive action against their competitors is precisely what many police departments have done. So far, there are no notable instances of private protection agencies stepping over the line in the recent unrest in Ferguson. Reason writer Jesse Walker notes that he has “not seen any reports of violence either by or against the group’s St. Louis patrols.” Local businessmen appreciated the extra security. Police shut down the organization in spite of the good it did for a community in need, and reporters attacked the organization for its actions.

These reactions speak to a broader point about the police: they are one of the few monopolies our society not only tolerates but endorses. In almost every other industry, we recognize the virtues of competition. Walmart is a better company because of competition from Target. Apple and Microsoft both serve us better when they compete for our business than either entity could as a monopoly.

Competition forces organizations to improve their services. A monopolistic entity has no incentive to improve service: customers are stuck using it either way. When competition is introduced, each organization must fight to keep its customers. It must offer them a lower price, better service, or something else to meet their needs better than its competitor can.

Competition also enables freedom of choice among consumers. Apple and Microsoft offer different products. MacBooks are beautiful and less likely to suffer from viruses, whereas Microsoft laptops are typically cheaper and more powerful. Competition lets each consumer choose which of these products best meets his or her needs. One-size-fits-all models defeat this freedom.

It is time that we applied the fundamental lesson of competition to police forces. If private citizens were free to choose between police protection and the services of a private organization like Oath Keepers, police departments would need to step up their game in order to keep their customers. That might lead them to fire more bad cops or strive to answer emergencies faster. Even if that didn’t happen, competition would allow citizens who like being protected by the police to keep that protection, while citizens who want protection from another organization could contract for those services elsewhere. Consumers would win doubly.

Isn’t it time that we embraced a little competition in security?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
2314,"On the 5th of April, 2010, WikiLeaks released a classified US military video which showed the indiscriminate murder of over a dozen people in the Iraqi suburb of New Baghdad—including two Reuters journalists. This video served as a wake-up call to Americans who remained willfully ignorant of the horrors of war. Now, another video has surfaced showing that US troops are still assuring that there will be a steady production of “terrorists” for years to come.

This week, a video was leaked to Politico allegedly showing a US troop firing a shotgun into the cab of a civilian truck. There appears to be no combat situation taking place and the fired shot is seemingly unprovoked and nothing short of attempted murder.

U.S. commanders have since launched an investigation into the video as it appears that the person firing the round most likely violated the military’s rules of engagement. It also serves to set back the little—if any—progress the US has made inside Afghanistan.

Advertisment

As Politico reports, the shooting briefly appears during a gritty montage of combat footage allegedly recorded by U.S. troops battling the Islamic State’s Afghan affiliate. An anonymous user recently uploaded the video to YouTube under the title “Happy Few Ordnance Symphony,” then quickly removed it.

“The amateur video posted on a public website gives us serious concern,” the U.S. Central Command told POLITICO in a statement. “The video in question is not official, not authorized and does not represent the professionalism of the service members of U.S. Central Command.

“We are conducting an investigation into this video, and will take appropriate actions as a result of this investigation,” it added.

According to the report,

The 3-minute, 9-second video doesn’t say where it was recorded, but the YouTube caption suggested it was shot in 2017. In the past year, U.S. troops have been engaged in intense combat with the Islamic State in Nangarhar Province, the group’s main Afghan stronghold, where teams of special operations advisers are fighting alongside elite Afghan troops to wrest key districts from the militants. The troops in the video wear uniforms typical of U.S. special operations forces like the Green Berets, SEALs, Rangers and Marine Raiders, and are seen firing machine guns, grenade launchers, rockets, miniguns, mortars and calling in air or artillery strikes. The video, which is also set to music, is typical of the unauthorized combat montages that some troops create to share among themselves, often using footage shot from helmet-mounted video cameras. But in addition to the rare glimpse of such shadowy operations up close, the brief scene of the truck shooting, 20 seconds in, sets it apart. The clip in question shows a military vehicle approaching a truck with a white cab and black cargo cabin, of the type Afghans often call “Jingle trucks.” Military sources identified the first vehicle to POLITICO as a version of the M-ATV armored vehicle specially outfitted for special operations forces.

Based on the footage, it was not clear if the driver was hit with the round. Also, although the video appears to show the recoil of the shotgun, no casing can be seen exiting the weapon. But the window is clearly broken out as the vehicles pass each other.

“With the shotgun engagement, you figure it is a lethal round, as you are in combat, but from the video you cannot conclusively determine,” one former special operator with experience in Nangarhar said. “It could readily have been a beanbag, hammer, or other non-lethal round, as when it hits glass you are going to get a similar effect.”

“It may have been an operator not doing the right thing and firing a non-lethal round just to be a dick,” a veteran told Politico.

Even if this troop was “being a dick,” there appears to be no reason for the shooting and the US Central Command is expressing their outrage.

“I have reviewed the video and I am disappointed and also concerned that the American people, our Coalition partners, the Afghan government, and the Afghan people will believe that American service members are callous and indifferent to the horrors of war or the suffering of innocent people trapped in conflict,” Army Gen. Joseph Votel, the head of Central Command added in a statement Wednesday. “I can assure you that this video does not represent the professionalism or humanity of the men and women of U.S. Central Command. We reject the unprofessional and callous message this video conveys.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38753,"FBI Director James Comey hasn’t relented on the U.S. political establishment’s Blame Russia propaganda campaign, so his Russophobic rant in testimony to Congress over the Hillary Clinton email scandal hardly came as a surprise; but this banal obfuscation of blame and the nation’s toothless duopoly — not Moscow — constitutes the greatest threat to democratic rule, says a former MI5 operative.

And, as would be expected of a former UK Intelligence agent turned whistleblower, Annie Machon is not amused — calling the two-party system in the U.S. a “sham,” and a far greater threat to its own downfall than Russia could possibly be.

But that hasn’t quashed the flow of hot air from petulant U.S. officials.

“A huge portion of WikiLeaks’ activities has nothing to do with legitimate newsgathering, informing the public, commenting on public controversies, but is simply about releasing classified information to damage the United States,” Comey blustered on Wednesday.

“It’s intelligence porn.”

Following former secretary of state and failed presidential candidate Clinton’s diatribe lambasting Comey, Wikileaks, and its founder, Julian Assange, as responsible for her failed campaign — while in the same breath claiming to take “absolute personal responsibility” in the matter — it was the FBI director’s turn to play the blame game.

But Comey, Clinton, and their ilk, Machon told RT in an interview published today, must shoulder the blame — and cease the disingenuous finger-pointing — as this new Red Scare-anoia could bring down the vestiges of democracy in the United States.

Advertisment

Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee grilled the FBI chief over his letter to Congress less than two weeks prior to Election Day stating the bureau had discovered new emails pertaining to the Clinton saga — a move which Hillary and the Democrat Party excoriated as throwing the election in favor of Donald Trump.

Comey, noting it is “fair to say that Russia is still involved in American politics,” categorically asserted Russia is to U.S. democracy “the greatest threat of any nation on earth, given their intention and their capability.”

Former MI5 officers Annie Machon and David Shayler abandoned the UK Security Service in 1996, to blow the whistle on rampant corruption, criminality, and incompetence in Western and British Intelligence, and after years on the run and in hiding — during which both and their friends and family received death threats — began public criticizing policy.

Asked to assess Comey’s brash statement on Wikileaks, Machon remarked the FBI director seems to have dug himself “into a hole” in multiple ways, as she explains,

“One, [Comey is] trying to assess Russia as the biggest threat to American democracy while no proof has been presented publicly about any of these over-inflated allegations about Russia trying to hack into American elections. Two, WikiLeaks is by any standards a publisher of information that is very much in the public interest. Not just the recent disclosure about the CIA, not just the disclosures from the Democratic National Committee last year or the Podesta files or whatever.”

Comey, Clinton, and pols on both sides of the aisle have crucified Wikileaks for publishing information as part of a political agenda — one loyal to Moscow, rather than allegiant to Western, ostensively democratic, power. Democrats and Republicans, alike, have pegged Wikileaks as a falsifier of information or publisher of so-called Fake News — but the publishing outlet has yet to release a single document proven to be fabricated or manipulated in any way.

That perfect track record should not only speak for itself, Machon suggests, but must lend constancy to Assange’s assertion such accusations from the U.S. and its allies merely mask the elitist establishment’s own culpability in the currently ailing democratic system.

Officials from either side of the duopoly also argue Wikileaks’ political motivations mean certain content won’t be released, making the outlet something besides a publishing organization — but Assange has repeatedly scoffed at the suggestion.

“WikiLeaks,” Machon continues, “for the last ten years, has been publishing information from around the world about financial corruption, about right-wing extremism, about the Bilderberg Group, about war crimes, about Chelsea Manning’s disclosures, American diplomacy, they publish what they think is in the public interest (which they have to rely on their sources giving to them – OK).

“So, they are a publisher by any standard. They are just a new hi-tech conduit for publishing as opposed to the old corporate media like the New York Times or the Washington Post.”

Yesterday, Comey stated the Russian government still meddles in U.S. politics, but not matter how authoritatively the FBI head proffers such an accusation, Machon and other critics say the evidence has yet to surface:

“Nobody anywhere appears to have seen any hard evidence about the alleged Russian hacking of the American election. This started as a sort of swerve that was put out by Hillary Clinton’s campaign to try and avoid accountability for the fact that she had apparently illegally used a private email server.”

It didn’t take long for officials to conflate documents published by Wikileaks with a (nonexistent) Russian agenda, the former intelligence official notes, but, “There is no evidence” that was or is the case.

“And then it suddenly became, ‘Russia hacked the election process,’ ‘Russia hacked Vermont’s energy grid,’” Macon adds. “This has all been disproven time and time again.

“This is so much hot air designed to obfuscate the fact that Hillary Clinton very badly lost the election last year. Also it is very convenient to try and push forward what is now being openly expressed finally; the American administration’s wish to try and prosecute Julian Assange by any means necessary, be it espionage, whatever it is.

“He has caused an embarrassment by publishing some of the information about what America is getting up to. So, they just want to get him in any which way, as well as other WikiLeaks staffers. I think James Comey is really sort of fanning the flames of what could be one of the biggest mistrials in history if this goes ahead.”

Where Russia does not present a clear and tangible threat to the U.S.’ democratically-based system, politicians and officials — the system’s strictest adherents and players — in actuality, do.

Machon explains that, for Americans, “the greatest threats to their democracy is, first of all, the two-party system which is actually a sham in a sense that it doesn’t matter who you vote for, the same government administration will get in. And the fact that most of the candidates who are put up for election to president in the US tend to be very heavily backed by big lobby organizations, by Wall Street. So, vested interests tend to be running a very corporatists’ state in America.”

For its part, Russian officials interestingly sided more with White House spokesman Sean Spicer — who distanced the administration from Comey’s allegations Russia is the ‘greatest threat.’

Russian Senator Franz Klintsevich, according Newsweek’s translation of a statement in TASS, observed, “In the U.S., the FBI is trying to change the administration.”

Klintsevich gently chided the FBI chief, adding, “Special services… can and should have their own opinion but it is better to keep that to yourself and not share it publicly. The White House’s reaction to FBI Director James Comey’s statement is undoubtedly a pass of the ball over to Russia’s court.”

Russophobic propaganda has, as intended, so inundated American popular and political culture, to stand vocally against that grain often finds one ostracized to a degree. Indeed, this new Red Scare efficaciously took up the slack ensuing decades rightly and necessarily eroded.

However, understanding where and why the propaganda returned is as simple as observing whose shields are raised highest to deflect from their own misbehavior — and the tallest and broadest shields, thin though they may be, protect the egos of the political elite most broadly, though the smugly blame-resistant Comey and Clinton stand to gain the most from their use.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95915,"Los Angeles, CA — Former Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca shocked everyone Wednesday when he pled guilty to lying to federal investigators — reversing years of insistence he had been unaware of the corruption and civil rights abuses which were once rampant throughout the county jail system he headed for 15 years.

In return for an agreement with prosecutors that they would not seek a prison sentence longer than six months, Baca admitted he had willfully made a number of false statements during the corruption probe and agreed not to contest a number of other allegations against him.

“Today’s charge and plea agreements demonstrate that illegal behavior within the Sheriff’s Department went to the very top of the organization,” said U.S. Attorney for California’s Central District, Eileen M. Decker, reported KTLA. “More importantly, this case illustrates that leaders who foster and then try to hide a corrupt culture will be held accountable.”

Filed in a federal court Wednesday morning, Baca admitted in his plea arrangement that he was aware his subordinates planned to approach the FBI agent in charge of the corruption probe in her home and he would not contest he directed deputies to “do everything but put handcuffs on” her, according to the L.A. Times. Additionally, Baca lied about his role in hiding an FBI informant inside the jail system — a plot given to his second-in-command, Paul Tanaka — so investigators could not contact him.

Advertisment

Brown had been transferred to a separate jail facility under a fake name during the probe — which Baca had falsely claimed was a move to protect the inmate from deputies.

Tanaka will stand trial in March on charges of obstructing the same federal investigation, though he has pled not guilty. Attorneys for Tanaka plan to call Baca as a witness, and said the former Sheriff’s guilty plea has not changed those plans.

Baca’s guilty plea stems from false statements given to agents in the 2013 investigation of abuse and corruption at the L.A. County Men’s Central Tower and Twin Towers Correctional Facility.

“During this interview, Sheriff Baca lied,” Decker stated. “He lied when he stated that he did not know that members of the Sheriff’s Department had approached an FBI agent outside her home, and he lied when he stated he was unaware of efforts within the Sheriff’s Department to keep the FBI informant away from the FBI.”

Identified by the L.A. Times as Anthony Brown, the informant had received a cell phone smuggled into the jail by a sheriff’s deputy who had been bribed, for the purposes of documenting beatings of inmates and other abuses by deputies, which would then be sent to the FBI.

“This inmate and cooperator was essentially made to disappear within the jail system when deputies learned he was cooperating with the FBI,” said Decker.

So far, the sweeping corruption investigation has led to the conviction of more than a dozen employees of the Sheriff’s Department.

While the depth of the corruption and civil rights abuses are shocking, Baca’s guilty plea evidences at least a modicum of possible justice. As the Association for Los Angeles Deputy Sheriffs, who agree Baca deserves to be punished, said of Wednesday’s developments:

“The plea agreement sends a strong message that no one is above the law. There must be zero tolerance for this type of failed leadership. This by no means undermines the dedication and hard work of the more than 9,000 deputy sheriffs who put their lives on the line protecting L.A. County residents.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55745,"New York, NY (RT) — A 25-year-old woman is suing the NYPD, after two of its officers charged with investigating her rape case got her drunk in a hotel room and sexually assaulted her.

The complaint made on Tuesday relates to an incident in January 2013, when the Seattle nursing student was assaulted by a “social acquaintance” at an apartment. She reported the assault by phone in June, and was told the Special Victims Unit would handle the case.

According to the New York Daily News, Lieutenant Adam Lamboy and Detective Lucazs Skorzewski arrived to take the woman’s statement on July 5. They later encouraged her to join them for lunch and drinks at a waterfront bar in Seattle.

The victim recalls being suspicious of drinking during the day, something to which Lamboy replied, jokingly – “We’ll protect you.” But lunch turned into a 10-hour pub crawl.

Advertisment

In the course of the day, the woman remembers Skorzewkski telling her “you’re my favorite victim!” apparently in a bid to appear charming. This behavior didn’t stop, as the alcohol continued to flow. At one bar the group was even turned away, continuing on to the next.

Somehow, the officers had convinced the victim to crash at their hotel, which resulted in Skorzewski offering up his bed, while he took the couch.

But at 10am, Skorzewski quietly crawled under the sheets with her and for about 20-30 minutes kissed and groped her, trying to go further. This resulted in the victim running off to the shower, where she burst into tears, according to court documents.

But when she emerged, the detective told her the information “can’t leave this room.” He tried to remind her of this continuously back in New York, making up excuses to contact her, allegedly to discuss the investigation. Each conversation would lead eventually to some attempt to make sure the woman wouldn’t report him. Hundreds of text messages followed, with confessions that Skorzewski had “never bonded with a victim like this before.”

He also mentioned the considerable risk he was taking with his wife, if she ever found out.

Lamboy also took part in the subterfuge. In the hotel, he allegedly told her that her reputation would suffer if she reported Skorzewski’s behavior.

NYPD officer known for intimidating activists served at Abu Ghraib torture prison in Iraq http://t.co/MamLFppKnd pic.twitter.com/BRVoRiY70l — RT (@RT_com) September 24, 2015

In November 2013, the initial rape case was dropped without explanation. But the NYPD was later made aware of the officers’ conduct, and in December 2014, disciplined them severely, transferring Lamboy to a different precinct and demoting Skorzewski from detective to patrol officer. This happened after Internal Affairs had carried out an investigation.

Both, however, kept their jobs.

Now, the victim is suing the city over the officers’ “gross breach and abuse of their official police authority.” She is seeking $$3 million.

“She was a victim made to feel re-victimized by the very people she sought for help: the police. The experience left her feeling exploited, helpless and alone,” the woman’s attorney, Christopher Galiardo, said.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88037,"An as-yet unnamed North Miami Police officer who shot a behavioral therapist attempting to calm a distressed autistic man who was carrying a toy truck, was apparently aiming for that autistic patient, a union official said Thursday.

How, exactly, this new information should quell public outrage over the already wholly unjustified shooting remains to be explained.

Charles Kinsey, a behavioral therapist, was seen in cellphone video lying on his back with his hands stretched above his head in the air as he attempted the dual task of calming both the distressed autistic patient, who had run away from a group home, and several police officers who had their rifles trained on the impromptu counseling session.

According to the New York Daily News, the officer who fired the shot intended to hit the autistic man who was holding a toy truck because he feared the therapist’s life was threatened.

Such a haphazardly-compiled excuse comes complete with several glaring discrepancies — not the least of which was Kinsey’s on-scene precise description of the man seated next to him as a patient, and that he was holding a toy truck — not a weapon, as the police apparently now would like the public to believe.

The incident started after an emergency call to 911 described a distraught suicidal individual with a gun — but, as audio and video footage indisputably proves, Kinsey told officers the patient had a toy truck, and begged them not to shoot.

Advertisment

Officers fired three total shots, according to a union official as cited by the Daily News, because they feared the confused patient with the truck somehow posed a safety threat.

“The movement of the white individual looked like he was getting ready to discharge a firearm into Mr. Kinsey,” explained Miami-Dade union boss, John Rivera — the white individual being the patient — as quoted by WSVN.

“And the officer discharged, trying to strike the white male and unfortunately, he missed.”

How this could be unfortunate, considering the autistic man’s obviously fraught state, and the fact he posed literally no threat by wielding a … toy truck … remains to be explained.

Rivera chastised the media for reporting the story (as the video shows in no uncertain terms) with a sensationalist bent.

“Be responsible in your reporting,” he rebuffed, Photography Is Not A Crime reported. “We’re asking the community to please allow facts — not sensationalism, not politics — facts to allow their way to work through the system.”

Though how subjective that video could be is, perhaps, an open question only in the eyes of the department and the union — considering Kinsey can be overheard saying,

“All he has is a toy truck. A toy truck. I am a behavior therapist at a group home.”

Kinsey even attempted to tell the patient, whose first name is Rinaldo, to lie down, as he feared for the man’s safety with officers aiming rifles from behind their patrol car.

Once the officer or officers fired, hitting Kinsey in the leg, he asked flatly,

“Sir, why did you shoot me?”

To which the apparently equally stunned cop replied,

“I don’t know.”

North Miami Police Chief Gary Eugene called the investigation into the matter a “sensitive issue,” and added following a press conference:

“I realize there are many questions about what happened on Monday night. You have questions, the community has questions, we as a city, we as a member of this police department and I also have questions … I assure you we will get all the answers.”

Though the standoff with police is captured leading up to the point they shot Kinsey, footage cuts off before the shots are fired, and recommences with the wounded therapist on his stomach with his hands in cuffs behind his back.

Kinsey further explained to WSVN from his hospital bed that it took at least 15 to 20 minutes for emergency services to arrive on scene to treat him.

As the Daily News reported, the union official said the officer responsible regretted the error and wishes Kinsey a speedy recovery. That officer has also been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of internal and external investigations.

This shooting marks yet another incident of an officer far too eager to pull the trigger with no fathomable justification for doing so — and the explanation the cop had intended to shoot the patient, an autistic man, certainly won’t help to calm a public already irate over what appears on video to be a blatantly unjustified attack.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88554,"“You wanna grow up and be a man, look at me like a f****** man….You want to act like a bunch of hellions and she can’t f****** focus on what she’s doing…You want to act like crazy a**holes, do it at home!” screams Officer John Gurrieri to a bus full of 10-13 year old children.

We here at The Free Thought Project are not ones to say that words are “bad” in anyway; it is only the context in which they are used that can have negative connotations. However, there have been multiple instances of people being arrested and/or beat down for saying much less to a jackboot cop on a power trip; so the double standard is what we are calling out here.

Advertisment

According to WTSP.com,

Both officers were suspended without pay for two days, received written reprimands, are required to do 40 hours of community service in support of local youth programs, and must go through additional training on verbal communication.

What’s baffling is the fact that these cops were suspended and sentenced to community service for their actions. Why aren’t these same punitive actions taken against cops who main and murder people?!",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
61159,"Sherwood, AR — A judge in Sherwood, Arkansas, running his own ‘debtors’ prison,’ sentenced a 44-year-old cancer patient to 90 days in jail — not for a violent crime, drunk driving, or possession of substances the state deems illegal — but because he owed the court money.

Lee Robertson began chemotherapy in 2009 to battle pancreatic cancer which has left him physically incapable of holding a job. Over a two-week period, Robertson wrote a series of bad checks for small amounts, ranging from $$5 to $$41, for which he eventually owed a few stores about $$200 a piece.

Eventually, the debts and arrests piled up, and last month, Robertson received the 90-day sentence from Sherwood District Court Judge Milas “Butch” Hale — for owing the court $$3,054.51 — hardly a fortune by any stretch of the imagination, but clearly an unworkable burden for now-jobless cancer patient.

Now, Robertson has joined a class-action federal civil rights lawsuit filed by the Arkansas Civil Liberties Union and the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under the Law, which alleges the city of Sherwood created a “modern-day debtors’ prison” — and judging by the city’s treatment of those unable to pay their debts, the description is all-too apt.

As HuffPo explained:

Advertisment

“In Sherwood, the ‘Hot Check Division’ of the municipal court is drawing scrutiny. While the division is supposed to be part of the municipal court, the city has marketed the division to the business community in Pulaski County, according to the lawsuit. Sherwood lists the division as a ‘department’ on its website, and calls the court’s work a ‘service’ for merchants — one that issues ‘over 35,000 warrants annually’ on charges in connection with bad checks. The court collected nearly $$12 million in five years.”

And the way the court, in conjunction with the city, pulls off this ‘service’ for local businesses is more akin to Dickinsonian novel than would ever be expected from a small city in the U.S. in 2016.

Indeed, the ‘Hot Check Division’ operates in essence as an armed and forceful collection agent for businesses — completely independent of a person’s ability to pay their debt. Each time a person fails to make a payment — regardless of the circumstances — the court issues an arrest warrant, using the “opportunity to assess more fines and fees against the individual,” as the Arkansas Civil Liberties Union stated in a press release. According to the ACLU:

“Sherwood Police Department also plays a critical role in the collections scheme. Police officers knock on people’s doors and threaten to arrest the person unless they can pay a small amount of money — usually $$50 or $$100 — to get a court date instead of being taken into custody. Despite the abuses in this court, Pulaski County continues to channel county-wide misdemeanor ‘hot check’ cases there.”

Many are arrested on “failure to pay” and “failure to appear” charges, and each ‘bad’ check — no matter how small the amount written — can generate fines and fees of up to $$400. All told, this debtors’ prison scheme accounts for a full 12 percent of the city’s budget — $$2.3 million for 2015, alone — an insanely lucrative revenue generation service at the expense of those who obviously have difficulties paying in the first place.

Once a date is set, defendants aren’t permitted to have friends or family or members of the public present in the ‘closed court,’ and far worse, are forced to sign a “waiver of counsel” before entering the courtroom — meaning they must forego their right to an attorney before appearing before the judge without any witnesses.

“A single bounced check written 10 years ago for $$15 can be leveraged into a debt of thousands and thousands of dollars in fines and fees for inability to pay the original check and then the inability to pay the payments that were set up,” explained Rita Sklar, Executive Director of the Arkansas ACLU, to KATV.

“In this country, you cannot be jailed if you cannot pay your debts,” she said. “That’s called debtors’ prison and that’s something we did away with 200 years ago.”

According to the Arkansas ACLU statement, the lawsuit also alleges a misuse of public tax funds under the state’s “illegal exaction” law.

“The Sherwood District Court epitomizes the criminalization of poverty and the corrupting effect of financial incentives on our local courts,” asserted Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under the Law. “Not only does this ‘Hot Check’ court completely ignore the long-standing principle that a person cannot be punished because they are poor, but by using coercive practices to collect money from the poorest Arkansans, this debtors’ prison scheme generates huge revenues for the city.”

Robertson is joined by three other plaintiffs in the suit, including Nikki Petree, whose bounced check for $$28.93 generated no less than $$2,600 in fines and fees for the city — and led to her being arrested seven times and spending 25 days in jail.

Hale, the judge at the heart of the case, issued a statement to KATV, saying:

“We do not run a so-called debtors’ prison in Sherwood. If a defendant pleads guilty, or is found guilty, of writing a hot check we set up a payment plan. It is only after a third of fourth time that they fail to comply with a court order that we incarcerate.”

Sadly, the lawsuit also suggests the practice is far from confined to a single court, city, and county, despite the practice being outlawed in 1833 — and reiterated by the Supreme Court 30 years ago. Nonetheless, there has been a resurgence and a continued covert practice of sending the indigent to jail for the inability to pay in recent years.

“Across the country, the cost of debtors’ prisons in human lives and public resources is enormous,” Sklar noted. “When the criminal justice system serves as unscrupulous debt collectors for the public and private sector, without regard to due process, the government is not only violating people’s rights, it is facilitating the never-ending cycle of poverty: threatening the poor with incarceration for failure to pay bills they can’t pay, keeping them from jobs that may help them pay their bills, and stacking up fines that dig the poor into an even deeper hole. We need open court proceedings and public accountability, fair, rational laws that take into account defendant’s ability to pay and prohibit incarceration for failure to pay, and we need to stop raising money on the backs of the poor.”

Last week, in contrast, the Department of Justice said in a federal appeals court defendants cannot be jailed simply for the inability to pay bail, as The Free Thought Project reported.

“Bail practices that incarcerate individuals before trial solely for their inability to pay for their release violate the Fourteenth Amendment,” the DOJ said in an amicus brief.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103336,"The nanny state has encountered a setback in Arizona. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Media Coalition have managed to stop a particularly bad “revenge porn” law from taking effect in that state.

After lawmakers failed to fix the law’s overly broad language, US District Judge Susan Bolton issued a final decree that the state’s attorneys cannot enforce the law in its current form.

Arizona Attoney Genera Mark Brnovich did not fight the ACLU lawsuit and agreed that lawmakers included “ambiguities that raise legitimate constitutional concerns.” They’re even going to pay the plaintiff’s legal costs.

Advertisment

The ACLU lawsuit, filed in September 2014, argued that Ariz. Rev. Stat. § 13-1425 law violated the First Amendment because it does not actually require that the images be malicious. Also, the exemption for “public or commercial setting” is so vague that images with political, historical or artistic significance—such as the iconic 1972 “Napalm Girl”—could be criminalized.

While the act of posting nude pictures of someone for malicious purposes is certainly reprehensible, Arizona’s version of a revenge porn law could have been used to target professors, booksellers, librarians, and even new mothers. The plaintiffs provided several examples of what could have been criminalized:

“A college professor in Arizona, giving a lecture on the history of the Vietnam War, projects on a screen the iconic Pulitzer Prize-winning photograph, “Napalm Girl,” which shows a girl, unclothed, running in horror from her village.

A newspaper and magazine vendor in Arizona offers to sell a magazine which contains images of the abuse of unclothed prisoners at Abu Ghraib.

An educator in Arizona uses images, taken from the Internet, of breastfeeding mothers, in an education program for pregnant women.

A bookseller in Arizona offers for sale the books, Edward Weston: 125 Photographs (Ammo Books 2011) or Imogen Cunningham: On the Body (Bulfinch 1998), each of which contains nude images.

A librarian in Arizona includes, in the library’s collection, the book Robert Mapplethorpe and the Classical Tradition: Photographs and Mannerist Prints (Guggenheim Museum Publications 2004), which contains nude images.

A library in Arizona provides computers with Internet access to its patrons and, because no filters could effectively prevent this result, the library patrons are able to access nude or sexual images.

A mother in Arizona shares with her sister, in the privacy of her home, a nude image of her infant child.

A sexual assault victim in Arizona shows a photograph of the naked assaulter to her mother.”

Arizona lawmakers have developed quite a reputation for attempting to regulate behavior and morality. Their “revenge porn” law shows just how dangerous this can be to basic liberties.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102789,"Washington, D.C. – The system is clearly broken when a politician running for President of the United States makes more money in a dozen speeches to major Wall Street financial powerhouses than a college graduate is expected to make over the course of an entire lifetime.

Public disclosure of financial documents indicate that in only 12 speeches given to private equity firms, Wall Street Banks, and other major global financial corporations- Hillary Clinton received $$2,935,000 in payment from 2013 to 2015.

Advertisment

To give these numbers some meaning, the U.S. Census Bureau in 2011 estimated that “bachelor’s degree holder can expect to earn about $$2.4 million over his or her work life.” That same year the Pew Research organization estimated that a “high school graduate” would be expected to make roughly $$770,000 over the course of their lifetime.

According to a report in The Intercept:

This means that in one year — 2013 — Hillary Clinton earned almost as much from 10 lectures to financial firms as most bachelor’s degree-holding Americans earn in their lifetimes — and nearly four times what someone who holds only a high school diploma could expect to make.

The absurdity of politicians cashing in for influence reeks of cronyism and corruption, and lends credibility to a 2014 study from Princeton University that revealed that the U.S. is not a democracy, but rather an oligarchy. An oligarchy is a form of government in which power resides in the hands of a small number of elites within a society.

For the ruling class to act as if they are simply representatives of the people, when they know nothing about the struggles of the person on the street, reveals a political system that is clearly sold to the highest bidder.

Jay Syrmopoulos is a political analyst, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, Raw Story, MintPress News, as well as many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95769,"Following a year in which the public was relentlessly barraged with alarmist rhetoric about a “war on cops” and the dreadful impact of the so-called “Ferguson Effect,” official FBI statistics confirm that violent line-of-duty police deaths declined precipitously in 2015.

According to the Bureau:

“Preliminary statistics … show that 41 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the line of duty in 2015. This is a decrease of almost 20 percent when compared with the 51 officers killed in 2014.” A greater number of officers (45) suffered fatal injuries in duty-related accidents, 41 of which involved motor vehicles.

Through May 17 of this year, according to the Officer Down Memorial Page, there have been 35 line-of-duty police officer deaths, 21 of which involve violence, such as gunfire or vehicular assault. This suggests that 2016 might see an increase in that grim total, but fortunately that remains only a possibility.

Throughout 2015, law enforcement officials, police unions, and even FBI Director James Comey warned of a “war on cops” that was supposedly an outgrowth of what they called the “Ferguson Effect” – police reluctance to use force because of concerns over negative publicity. On May 10, for instance, Comey reiterated that theme, insisting that the “viral video effect” has changed “the way police may be acting” by inhibiting them from taking assertive action to deal with violent crime. This supposedly leaves police more insecure, thereby emancipating criminals to wreak havoc on under-protected communities.

Advertisment

However, as former Baltimore police officer-turned-police reform advocate Michael Wood Jr. told The Intercept, there are cases in which less aggressive policing has corresponded to a decline in violent crime: Where police don’t treat the public as an enemy to be subdued, the public responds by seeking help, and giving it, in the effort to deter crimes against persons and property.

“Police now for the first time are having to consider the consequences of being brutal, being unethical, and doing things that for the longest time they could do and not be accountable for,” Wood declares. “But that doesn’t make crime happen.”

Comey’s melodramatic statements about a “chill wind blowing through law enforcement,” and reliance on things he has been told “in lots of conversations privately with police leaders” demonstrate that “he is pushing an ideology,” Woods continues. “Comey’s position is that if the armed enforcement wing of the government takes its boot off the neck of the public, just a little, then we will just become killers.”

While fewer police suffered violent deaths last year than in any year since 2013 – when 27 officers were feloniously killed – there is no evidence that the police have been inhibited in the use of deadly force. According to unofficial tabulations, at least 1,200 Americans died in violent encounters with the police last year. Official notice is taken of each of the exceedingly rare instances in which police are violently killed, but there is no official tally of people killed by the police, or accounting for whether each use of lethal force was legally justified.

It is true, as Comey and other law enforcement officials have said, that last year’s murder rate was about eleven percent higher than the year before, as defined by crime statistics gathered in the country’s 30 largest cities. However, as the Brennan Center for Justice points out in its detailed report on the subject, “Even with the 2015 increases, murder rates are roughly the same as they were in 2012”; furthermore, while murder rates were up in 14 of the 30 largest cities, 11 others saw that rate go down last year.

When all documented offenses against persons and property were taken into account, elaborates the Brennan Center, the crime rate for 2015 declined by 1.5 percent.

“It is important to remember just how much crime has fallen in the last 25 years,” underscores the Brennan Center report. “The crime rate is now half what it was in 1990, and almost a quarter (22 percent) less than it was at the turn of the century.”

Since violent on-duty police deaths are vanishingly rare, and crime of all kinds at near-historic lows, what is the real “Ferguson Effect”?

Perhaps the true meaning of that expression is found in the emergence of a movement spearheaded by police unions to define law enforcement as a “specially protected category” for the purposes of “hate crimes” prosecution.

Police officers already enjoy the benefits of “Blue Privilege” – qualified immunity and special consideration in the use of occupational violence. Criminal offenses against police officers are already treated as serious felonies. However, at the urging of police unions and their allies, legislatures in several states are considering bills that would treat violence against police – such as actively resisting arrest – as hate crimes.

Versions of that legislation, which is supported by the Fraternal Order of Police (FOP) – the country’s largest police union – have been introduced in Maryland and Louisiana, and as ordinances in several cities. The Louisiana bill, HB 953, would make any offense committed against a person or property because of “actual or perceived … employment as a law enforcement officer or firefighter” a felony punishable by up to five years in prison and a $$5,000 fine.

An FOP-supported bill in Maryland that would likely serve as a model for federal legislation would make resisting arrest a “hate crime” owing to the identity of the supposed victim. State legislatures elsewhere are considering similar measures, and some municipal governments are enacting resolutions endorsing the FOP’s demand to swaddle police officers in federal “specially protected” status.

In a letter to President Obama, Chuck Canterbury, National President of the armed tax-feeders’ union, demanded that “the current Federal hate crimes law be expanded to include law enforcement officers. This call has gone unanswered and our nation’s law enforcement officers continue to die in the streets.”

Displaying tone-deafness as to what his comments say about the supposed valor of police officers, Canterbury demanded that cops be designated a “specially protected” group who are “hunted and targeted just because of the uniform they wear.” This woeful account of insurgent criminals and besieged cops evolved into a demand that “hate speech” be treated as a federal offense.

“Elected officials are quick to console the families of the fallen and praise us for the difficult and dangerous work that we do every day,” sniffles the FOP commissar. “Yet, too many are silent when the hate speech floods the media with calls for violence against police or demands that police stand down and give them” – Canterbury never defines “them,” interestingly – “`room to destroy.’ The violence will not end until the rhetoric does which is why I have called on Congress and your Administration to work with us to address the surge of violence against police by expanding the Federal hate crimes law to protect police.” (Emphasis added.)

The objective here, once again, is to penalize rhetoric as a criminal act against a member of a specially protected class. Apparently, the “War on Cops” won’t be won until citizens who criticize them face criminal prosecution for doing so.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
40053,"“First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out – because I was not a Socialist.

Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out – because I was not a Trade Unionist.

Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out – because I was not a Jew.

Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me.” – Martin Niemöller

It is natural, maybe even unavoidable, that one’s view of the world is based mostly on his own personal experiences. If you are white and living in an upscale suburban neighborhood, you may very well view police as friendly, professional and courteous. On the other hand, if you are black and live in a poor inner-city neighborhood, you are likely to view the police as just another dangerous street gang to fear and avoid.

The problem is not that either perception is “wrong.” The problem is that some people assume that their own experiences must match the experiences of everyone else. In middle-class white suburbia, it may usually be true that if you don’t cause trouble, the police won’t harass you (although that is becoming less and less true). So it is easy for such people to assume that if someone is being detained, arrested, or even physically assaulted by police, the person MUST have done something to deserve it. And predictably, this is the same viewpoint expressed by the well-paid, well-connected, and VERY well-controlled mainstream media.

But other people in other circumstances know and report a very different story, as many decades of rap illustrate (e.g., “Sound Of Da Police” by KRS-ONE).

Advertisment

However, recently there have been many stories of people who once believed in “law and order,” and who had faith in the “justice system” but have since learned the brutal reality of things. There have even been stories of black police officers being illegally harassed and detained when not in uniform.

The number of cases of police getting caught lying under oath, abusing suspects, planting evidence and falsifying reports may still surprise many, but they don’t surprise those for whom such injustice is a routine part of life. “They planted evidence!” “They got the wrong guy!” “The cop is lying!” or “I didn’t do anything!”

It’s easy for a spectator— especially one who has never been victimized by thugs in uniform—to assume that such claims are the desperate lies of criminals. But one day you may hear those words coming out of your own mouth knowing they are true, but also knowing that few people are going to believe your word over the word of those “brave men and women in blue.”

Despite the “protect and serve” rhetoric, the primary job of those who wear badges is to supply the politicians with money and power. Money by issuing citations for whatever technical infractions they can detect or fabricate, and power by punishing any who disobey the arbitrary commands of those in power.

Unfortunately, many of those who haven’t yet been victimized still imagine police to be the good guys. But how many “exceptions” make a rule? How many “bad apples” must be exposed before people recognize that the whole barrel is rotten? How many “isolated incidents” does it take for people to see the pattern?

When will people see that law enforcement is not just occasionally blemished by incidents of injustice, corruption and misconduct. Law enforcement IS injustice, corruption, and misconduct, sometimes legalized and sometimes not, but always excused and sanctioned by those who benefit from the racket. Those who have been on the receiving end of “the system” know this all too well, and the number of people in that category continues to grow.

On the bright side, this means that more and more people—even those well-off in upscale suburbia—are starting to learn the true, violent nature of government. It is not your friend. It is not your servant. It serves itself, and it does so at the expense of everyone else.

It may sound cliche, but the only way to have liberty and justice for anyone is to have liberty and justice for all. When whites stand up for blacks, blacks stand up for whites, rich stand up for poor and vice versa.

When decent people of all races, religions, cultures and backgrounds stand with each other against those who would oppress them—that is when violent oppression will end, and peace and justice will begin.

Denial is a powerful drug. It’s high time we get over the addiction.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103947,"My wife and I taught our daughters how to tie their shoes, how to catch a ball, and, a little later, how to deal with the police.

Many people do not know how to handle an encounter with a police officer, and, as a result, end up inadvertently waiving their rights. When my daughters were in high school, there were several cases in nearby suburbs where police arrested teenagers and sometimes their parents because of underage drinking taking place within private homes. While I do not condone underage drinking, what truly puzzled me was why anyone would allow police officers into their home without a warrant.

In most situations, police must have either a warrant or an individual’s consent before they can enter a private residence. In situations where the expectation of privacy is lower, such as for a vehicle, police still must, at the very least, have probable cause or reasonable suspicion before conducting a search. However, all too often, people fail to realize when their consent is required and permit searches that they are not obliged to allow. This creates the possibility that police will discover something illegal or something that could be misconstrued as illegal.

Advertisment

I recently wrote about the case of Jerry Lemaine, the Haitian-born Long Island resident who is currently facing possible deportation after police discovered a single marijuana cigarette in his pocket. Lemaine came into contact with the police when he crashed into a parked car on his way home from a party. This situation provided no legal justification for the officer to explore the contents of the young man’s pockets.

According to the organization Flex Your Rights, which is dedicated to helping people stand up for their rights when dealing with the police, police may conduct a pat down of a person’s outer clothing only to check for weapons and only if they have reasonable suspicion to detain the person. They may reach into a person’s pockets only if they feel an object that is likely to be a weapon — not if they feel an object likely to be a joint. Lemaine should have refused to comply with the officer’s request that he reveal the contents of his pockets.

Many people mistakenly think that, if they have nothing to hide, they should consent to any search that a police officer wishes to conduct. But not having committed a crime is no guarantee that something in your possession will not be mistaken for something illegal. In January, two Bronx men were headed to a party when police asked to search their Ford minivan. Cesar Rodriguez, one of the two, told the New York Post, “I said ‘Go search.’ I even opened the door.”

What police found inside was a Hello Kitty sandwich bag of Coco Candy, which the newspaper describes as “a hard coconut-based treat.” What police thought they had found was crack cocaine. Rodriguez was held in jail for five days and the other man, Jose Pena, was held for three days. If Rodiguez and Pena had refused to allow police to look inside the van, the officers never would have had the opportunity to mistake the candy for cocaine.

One notable exception to the rule that you should always refuse to cooperate with unwarranted searches is the blood alcohol test. In most states, by driving a motor vehicle, you give implied consent to chemical testing. Penalties for refusing a breathalyzer can be steep, and, in some cases, refusing the test carries a greater sentence than taking the test and demonstrating an above-the-limit blood alcohol level.

But in nearly all other cases, the best course of action is to politely say no. This is the lesson that Flex Your Rights hopes to convey with its new short film, 10 Rules for Dealing With Police, and it is the lesson we taught our daughters.

One night when my wife and I were out of town, one of the girls had a few friends over. I don’t know if alcohol was present, but this group of friends is not a big drinking crowd. More likely they were cooking, baking and listening to music. A police officer knocked on the door, and my daughter stepped outside to meet him.

The officer said there had been a noise complaint — unlikely, since our house is not very close to any other houses and my daughter’s friends are not very loud. It is possible that a few people were talking and laughing in the backyard, but it is, in my opinion, more likely that the officer simply noticed teenagers coming and going and decided to investigate.

The officer asked my daughter if he could come inside. She replied, “I’m sorry, but my parents aren’t home and I’m not allowed to let you in the house.” The startled officer pulled out a notebook and asked, “Who are your parents?” My daughter gave him our names. He thereupon left, and we never heard anything further.

We came home to a peaceful, orderly house. There was no problem. There was no safety issue. I was proud that my daughter knew the correct, polite way to handle the situation, and glad I had played a role in preparing her.

I have nothing against police doing their job. But I am not going to permit random inspections of my house, my car or my person until the day comes when I can just drop by a police officer’s house and ask to look around. Our rights to privacy, and to only be searched when there is a reason to be searched, are important. Rights, however, are no good unless we exercise them.

So when someone in a uniform asks — or demands — to take an unwarranted look around your stuff, flex your rights. In doing so, you protect freedoms that are important for all of us.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103175,"San Francisco, CA – An investigation into the brutal beating of a man in San Francisco’s Mission District has been launched by the Alameda County Sheriff after video showing the savage assault by police went public.

Pulling no punches, Public Defender Jeff Adachi said the encounter was “reminiscent of Rodney King,” and excessive force was clearly used by the two deputies. But excessive force is only part of their problem.

The video was released by the San Francisco Public Defender’s Office, after being contacted by witnesses to the vicious attack. Now, some of those witnesses have come forward with claims that the cops bribed them not to say anything and that the deputies took a “trophy photo” of their victim, Stanislav Petrov.

At the 7-minute mark in the video, you can see a deputy posing with the bloodied man for his “trophy” photo.

In the video, deputies Luis Santamaria and Paul Wieber are seen chasing Petrov down an alley when Petrov decidedly stops and surrenders. Petrov is then shoved to the ground and severely beaten about the head and body with police batons. His attorney, Mike Haddad, said that his client suffered a concussion and broke nearly every finger bone in his hands.

“This claim is going to put the county on notice that they’re facing a lawsuit for their deputies outrageously beating and attacking Stanislav Petrov,” said Haddad. Haddad said Petrov is a mechanic and can no longer use his hands to work.

Advertisment

When speaking about the homeless witnesses who were bribed by the cops to remain silent, Haddad said, “We’ve learned from witnesses that they stole a valuable gold necklace from Stanislav and then they gave it to these witnesses who saw what happened to basically bribe them and silence them.”

Jerome Allen and his wife Haley Harris were living in a tent on the corner during the beating that night.

KTVU reports:

“They came up to me and the first thing they said was did you like the show?” said Allen. Allen said two deputies approached him. One of them handed him some items that belonged to Petrov. “The other cop came around the corner and said, ‘Hey, I found something: don’t spend it all in one spot.’ And he passed me a very nice gold chain with a large medallion cross on it, with diamonds, Turkish gold.” Harris drew KTVU Fox 2’s Tara Moriarty a picture of the medallion which the couple hawked for $$1,500. They said they spent the money on food, clothes and shoes. We found what appears to be the missing necklace on Petrov’s Facebook page. Allen said he was taken aback by the deputy’s offering. “At first I look around, ‘Is this being recorded or something?’ You know, like they were trying to set me up or something? And I’m like, well, they want me to be quiet; they want me to not say something about that ass whooping they just gave him.”

Aside from the man’s jewelry, the deputy gave the homeless couple money, crystal meth, and some Newport cigarettes.

After the department found out about the bribe, the officer in question was suspended.

“This is absolutely unacceptable, if true, it will not be tolerated,” Sheriff’s spokesman Sgt. J.D. Nelson told reporters at a Monday evening news conference. “They are no better than the criminals they arrest, if these allegations are true.”

“Nobody bribes witnesses when they’re innocent,” said Haddad. And judging from when the officers wrote their reports, they are clearly not innocent.

Haddad noted that the deputies obviously wrote their reports after they had seen the video so they could get their stories straight.

“The deputies waited four days to write their reports,” said Haddad, “when their policy requires the reports to be completed by the end of shift.”

Deputies Luis Santamaria and Paul Wieber both wrote in their reports that they were “exhausted and dizzy” yet Wieber is the department’s fitness champion and can be seen on the agency’s Facebook page with trophies, posing with Sheriff Greg Ahern, reports KTVU.

It is important to note that Petrov was witnessed in a stolen car and led police on a low-speed 30-minute chase before he was beaten. He also rammed a police cruiser in the process. However, he had surrendered prior to this assault.

The deputies attempted to justify their actions by saying their adrenaline was rushing after this chase, but their brutal force on a surrendering man was over the top.

“The problem with that argument is that this is America and this is not a country where the government can get away with beating someone with steel batons on their head without any due process,” Haddad said, pointing out the flawed justification used by these officers.

There is also the existence of another video that is the subject of the investigation. In spite of both officers turning off their body cameras prior to the beating, one of them accidentally started recording during the assault, and the officer had no idea.

“That body cam was inadvertently put on when Deputy Wieber tackled Mr. Petrov,” explained Sgt. Ray Kelly, “and it was not discovered until after those reports were written.”

According to the department, both videos are now being investigated by San Francisco District Attorney George Gascon for possible criminal charges.

“It tarnishes my badge, it tarnishes everybody’s badge and we don’t like it,” declared Sgt. Nelson.

This is what due process looks like in the Land of the Free.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95677,"“You are videotaping this crime scene, right? … That makes you part of it. And your little camera phone could be used as evidence, you understand?”

dcist.com

Advertisment

D.C. police chief Cathy Lanier said she was “shocked” by a video that shows an officer confronting a citizen who was filming an arrest on a public sidewalk.

“We have an extremely clear policy that addresses the Metropolitan Police Department’s recognition of the First Amendment rights enjoyed by, not only members of the media, but the general public as well, to video record, photograph and or audio record MPD members conducting official business or while acting in an official capacity in any public space, unless such recordings interfere with police activity,” Lanier said in a statement. “We spent an extensive amount of time to ensure that members were aware of the policy, developed in 2011.”

Andrew Heining, a mobile engagement producer at the Washington Post, shot the video on September 7 outside the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Library. Shortly after he begins filming, an officer, identified as C.C. Reynolds, approaches him and tells him to “pack up and go.”

Heining questioned the officer’s directive and remained on the sidewalk. “You are videotaping this crime scene, right? … That makes you part of it. And your little camera phone could be used as evidence, you understand?” Reynolds said.

Read Full Article",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
56707,"During the scuffle several officers had their badges ripped from their uniforms

Mike Sawyer

July 29, 2014

The 19th Annual West Indian Caribbean festival at Exchange Place in Jersey City came to an abrupt end Saturday when Jersey police showed up and failed to honor the organizers’ permit.

Police maintain the cutoff time was 7 p.m. while festival organizers say their permit allowed them to operate until 8 p.m.

A permit given to The Jersey Journal by Philip Carrington, the vice president of the event’s organizing committee, appeared to indicate the parade and carnival was scheduled to run until 9 p.m.

Advertisment

According to the Jersey Journal, Jennifer Morrill, a spokeswoman for the city, said all parade paperwork, including off-duty police forms, indicated an 8 p.m. end time. The final permit issued by the city’s Department of Housing, Economics and Commerce had a typo with 9 p.m., but all parties had the understanding of an 8 p.m. conclusion.

Police arrived on the scene with the intent of unplugging the music and and ending the carnival just after 7 p.m. on Saturday.

However, since the organizers had their permit, which stated they could keep going until 9 p.m., there was a disagreement.

Gordon Callender, one of the festival’s main organizers reportedly tried to tell the police that their permit went until 9 p.m.. The police report state’s that Callender, 22, “charged off the stage and came toward the officers,” and began yelling and cursing.

At this point, according to reports, police placed their hands on Callender, grabbing his left arm to “remove” him from another officer, Callender then pushed the officer back.

When onlookers witnessed, what they considered to be police brutality, they joined in the fight. According to NJ.com, during the tussle several officers had their badges ripped from their uniforms.

Dozens of officers proceeded to shut down the festival and force everyone out.

Police maintain that they acted properly during this confrontation. However, Hasan Ahmed, a member of the event committee, maintains that officers “escalated” the situation and used “excessive force” with Callender.

NJ.com reports, the way the festival ended was “devastating to us,” said Ahmed. “To have it end on such a sad note … is really upsetting. “It makes us feel like, what’s the point in getting a permit,” he added. “If we have a permit, they are supposed to honor it until the permit is over.”

Callender was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct, aggravated assault on a police officer and resisting arrest, among other charges.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96297,"Center Moriches, NY — In May of last year, 20-year-old Thomas Demint witnessed police involved in a violent arrest, so he pulled out his camera and began recording. For practicing his first Amendment right, Demint was then arrested, and his cell phone confiscated after he captured unjustified acts of police brutality.

Demint’s video showed two brothers who were being arrested after one of them allegedly attempted suicide. The video shows police officers punching one of the brothers in the face and then waylaying on their mother, sending her slamming into the ground which knocked her unconscious.

After the incident was over, Demint turned off his camera and walked away. At this point, according to his attorney, Demint was attacked by three officers who threw him to the ground, arrested him and attempted to delete his footage. Luckily, they deleted the wrong videos.

Demint was charged with Obstruction of Justice and Resisting Arrest.

Advertisment

For over a year, Demint refused to release the video out of fear of being targeted by police. However, according to Demint, the cops continued harassing him. Since that day, Demint says he’s been stopped by police several times.

“When I was pulled over the cop said ‘You will see me again and you can count on that,’ so I’ve been afraid that I would be targeted and pulled over every day and harassed because they knew I have the video on my phone,” recounts Demint.

After more than a year of harassment, Demint is finally releasing the video in an effort to quash the ordeal.

“This is clearly evidence of police brutality,” said Demint’s attorney Ken Mollins.

In a statement released by the Suffolk County police, they claimed Demint was yelling profanities at the officers.

“Thomas Demint interfered with officers by shouting obscenities toward police officers and paramedics as well as entering the scene several times after he was told not to,” read the statement.

However, according to his attorney, he wasn’t arrested for his words, he was arrested for the video.

“At that point the videotape stopped, my client was walking away, three police officers jumped him on the back, threw him down to the floor and cuffed him, cuffed him and they arrested him and charged with obstruction of justice,” said Mollins. “My client was not aggressive, my client was standing there videotaping.”

In the video below, we can see why the police would not want this to be public. While it’s unclear whether or not the punches to the man’s face were justified, the woman being knocked unconscious by a Suffolk County cop, clearly was not.

Demint is not alone in his troubles, as cops in New York have a history of harassing those who film their brutality. 22-year-old Ramsey Orta, the man who became famous for filming NYPD cops murdering Eric Garner, was imprisoned and fed rat poison after he said police targeted him for his video.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
39463,"Houston, Texas – It was recently reported that a former South Houston High School student was attacked by an on-campus police officer because he used profanity. Now the former student and his parents have filed a lawsuit against the Pasadena Independent School District and the officer responsible for the beating.

Cesar Suquet was 16-years-old when the incident occurred. It all started when he had his cell phone taken away by the school police officer. Cesar was admittedly frustrated with the situation and had a heated verbal exchange with the officer.

“I asked him why he was being such an asshole about it,” Cesar told Channel 2 news.

Next, the officer began hitting him with a baton until he fell to the floor and was unable to move. According to the family, Cesar was hit at least 18 times, and the officer continued to beat him, even after he had fallen to the ground.

Advertisment

“I got down on my knees, I couldn’t take it anymore,” Cesar said.

Prosecutor Mark Montgomery told reporters that the boy’s words were no excuse for what the officer did to him.

“I’m a former police officer with the Houston Police Department and I think this was not a reasonable use of force at all. He could have given him a ticket for abusive language, and instead he chooses to beat this kid,” Montgomery said.

“It’s just not right to strike a 16-year-old kid with a baton for calling you a name. We want them to review their policies and change that,” he added.

The Pasadena ISD Police defended the officer in a statement, saying that Cesar was loud and resisted when the officer attempted to arrest him for disorderly conduct.

In recent weeks, the news has been filled with stories of school police officers brutally attacking young students for small acts of disobedience.

Yesterday, we reported that a school police officer in Louisville, Kentucky punched a 13-year-old for cutting in line, and then put another child of the same age in a choke hold, causing brain damage.

Also last week, we reported on a case in Baltimore where a group of 13-year-old girls were assaulted with a baton and pepper spray for questioning a school officer.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74637,"Los Angeles, CA – Exposing the double standard between police and civilians, the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office announced Wednesday that no criminal charges will be filed against the eight LAPD officers responsible for nearly killing an innocent woman and her daughter. Although the cops ambushed the unarmed women without warning and fired over 100 bullets without provocation, the district attorney justified the case of mistaken identity due to the fact that the officers involved were afraid and incompetent.

At 5 a.m. on February 7, 2013, Margie Carranza and her mother, Emma Hernandez, were delivering newspapers throughout a residential neighborhood in Torrance when eight LAPD cops suddenly opened fire. As Carranza suffered cuts from the flying glass, Hernandez was shot twice in the back while trying to protect her daughter. One bullet exited just above Hernandez’s collarbone, while the other bullet struck her lower back, near her spine. A fragment of shattered glass also flew into her eye.

After firing 107 bullets at the innocent women, the LAPD cops ordered them out of the vehicle and immediately realized their mistake. Instead of a 33-year-old black man, two Hispanic women exited the pickup truck and demanded to know, “Why did you shoot at us?”

Advertisment

Instead of rendering first aid or even apologizing for the act of attempted murder, the officers called for paramedics while refusing to offer any explanation for the ambush. Awakened by the gunfire, residents emerged from their homes to find their vehicles, houses, and front doors riddled with bullets. With five bullet holes in the entryway to his house, one neighbor asked, “How do you mistake two Hispanic women, one who is 71, for a large black male?”

Twenty-five minutes after the shooting, Torrance police officers stopped David Perdue a few blocks away as he was driving to the beach to go surfing before work. After the officers questioned him and ordered Perdue to turn around, he complied with their commands and began driving away when another Torrance police cruiser raced towards his vehicle and broadsided him. Suffering from a concussion and back pain, Perdue remained in his vehicle as an officer opened fire on him.

Although Torrance PD and LAPD were searching for a black man driving a gray Nissan Titan, Perdue is a white man who was driving a black Honda Ridgeline. Carranza and Hernandez were driving a blue Toyota Tacoma when the officers ambushed them without bothering to confirm their identities.

The officers responsible for nearly killing Carranza and her mother had been tasked with guarding the house of LAPD Capt. Justin Eisenberg. Because the police captain had been a member of the Board of Rights that voted to terminate former Officer Christopher Dorner, police suspected Dorner might attempt to kill Eisenberg or his family. The police captain was also named in Dorner’s manifesto, which he posted online after the initial murders.

In his manifesto, Dorner accused Sgt. Teresa Evans of kicking a restrained suspect named Christopher Gettler in the chest and face. After filing a complaint against Evans, Dorner was labeled a liar by the department and subsequently fired. Dorner also pointed out in his manifesto that many of the officers involved in the Rodney King beating and Rampart scandal during the 1990s have been promoted to supervisory or command positions within the LAPD and surrounding departments.

On Wednesday, the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office announced that LAPD officers Jess Faber, Marlon Franco, Sergio Gramajo, John Hart, Geoff Lear, Deshon Parker, Jonathan Roman, and Sgt. John Valdez would not face charges for the attempted murders of Carranza and her mother. Due to the fact that the entire police department was scared of one man and could not be held accountable for their incompetent actions, none of the officers who fired 107 bullets at two unarmed, innocent women will face prosecution. Although the women received a $$4.2 million settlement and a new pickup truck, no cop will be held accountable for firing the first shot or failing to correctly identify the make/model of the vehicle along with the race and gender of its occupants.

Although LAPD Chief Charlie Beck announced during the manhunt that officials would re-examine Dorner’s allegations of police misconduct, nearly three years have passed without any results. Instead, Sgt. Teresa Evans filed a lawsuit against the LAPD last year alleging racial discrimination against her. Evans is white.

Andrew Emett is a Los Angeles-based reporter exposing political and corporate corruption. His interests include national security, corporate abuse, and holding government officials accountable. Andrew’s work has appeared on Raw Story, Alternet, Activist Post, and many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @AndrewEmett and on Facebook at Andrew Emett.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88298,"Researchers at the University of Texas at Austin recently completed a comprehensive study illustrating the effects of smartphones on the human brain. What they found was that ‘smart’ phones actually make us dumb.

According to the study, Brain Drain: The Mere Presence of One’s Own Smartphone Reduces Available Cognitive Capacity, having a smartphone around is a definitive way to lower our cognitive ability.

According to the study’s authors, Adrian F. Ward, Kristen Duke, Ayelet Gneezy, and Maarten W. Bos, results from two experiments indicate that even when people are successful at maintaining sustained attention—as when avoiding the temptation to check their phones—the mere presence of these devices reduces available cognitive capacity. Moreover, these cognitive costs are highest for those highest in smartphone dependence. We conclude by discussing the practical implications of this smartphone-induced brain drain for consumer decision-making and consumer welfare.

Advertisment

The study points out the fact that smartphones are a revolutionary way for people across the world to access information and stay connected with the simple tap. They note that this state of constant connection would not have even been possible, just ten years ago. They also note the massive contribution to humanity that smartphones have brought us.

However, according to the study, the ease of completing simple tasks in the presence of our smartphones is hindered — even if our phones are off.

As Science Daily reports,

In one experiment, the researchers asked study participants to sit at a computer and take a series of tests that required full concentration in order to score well. The tests were geared to measure participants’ available cognitive capacity — that is, the brain’s ability to hold and process data at any given time. Before beginning, participants were randomly instructed to place their smartphones either on the desk face down, in their pocket or personal bag, or in another room. All participants were instructed to turn their phones to silent. The researchers found that participants with their phones in another room significantly outperformed those with their phones on the desk, and they also slightly outperformed those participants who had kept their phones in a pocket or bag. The findings suggest that the mere presence of one’s smartphone reduces available cognitive capacity and impairs cognitive functioning, even though people feel they’re giving their full attention and focus to the task at hand.

“We see a linear trend that suggests that as the smartphone becomes more noticeable, participants’ available cognitive capacity decreases,” Ward said. “Your conscious mind isn’t thinking about your smartphone, but that process — the process of requiring yourself to not think about something — uses up some of your limited cognitive resources. It’s a brain drain.”

Dependency on one’s phone is also a factor in determining the level of cognitive degradation, according to the study.

Researchers asked the nearly 800 smartphone users to self-report on their level of smartphone dependency — or how strong of an urge a person feels to use their phones to simply get through the day.

As SD reports,

Participants performed the same series of computer-based tests as the first group and were randomly assigned to keep their smartphones either in sight on the desk face up, in a pocket or bag, or in another room. In this experiment, some participants were also instructed to turn off their phones. The researchers found that participants who were the most dependent on their smartphones performed worse compared with their less-dependent peers, but only when they kept their smartphones on the desk or in their pocket or bag.

The fact that the researchers found that it didn’t matter whether the phone was on or off is a telling sign over the power of technology. Merely having a smartphone nearby reduces our ability to focus and perform tasks because part of our brain is constantly devoted to the phone and actively working to not pick it up or use it.

“It’s not that participants were distracted because they were getting notifications on their phones,” said Ward. “The mere presence of their smartphone was enough to reduce their cognitive capacity.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
39481,"Richland County, SC — A video was uploaded to Instagram on Monday which shows a jaw-dropping assault on a female high school student by a cop.

Parents are outraged after watching a school resource officer, reportedly Ben Fields, of Spring Valley High School, violently attack a peaceful young girl.

The video began spreading on social media sites Monday afternoon. In the video, a female student is seen being 100% non-violent when the officer approaches her.

Advertisment

When the officer grabs her, the girl does not respond. The officer then puts her in a headlock, and then he flips her backwards, throws her on the ground, and drags her several feet like an animal.

According to the Richland County Sheriff’s office, the girl in the video was “resisting arrest.”

WLTX 19 reports:

The Richland County Sheriff’s Department is the agency that has school resource officers at Spring Valley High. Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott tells News19 that a disruptive student refused to leave after a teacher asked her to. An administrator was called to the room, and also asked the student to leave, Lott said, and she refused again. Finally, the school resource officer came to the room. Lott said the officer forcibly removed the student and she resisted arrest. Lott said the child was put under arrest.

At no time did the Sheriff’s department ever claim that the student became aggressive, violent, combative, or anything else that would justify this officer’s abuse.

The Richland School District released the following statement Monday afternoon after the video began to go viral.

“We are aware of an incident that occurred today at Spring Valley High School. Video of it has been posted on social media. The incident is under investigation. We are working closely with the sheriff’s department.”

The officer’s actions are entirely uncalled for and criminal. Since when is it okay to violently attack a non-violent student? Please share this story so that we can let other officers know that their aggressive violence will not be tolerated.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90490,"Las Vegas, NV — If there’s one state that is unabashed about extorting its citizens through “sin” taxes, it’s Nevada. In Las Vegas and the rest of Clark County, the state charges annual fees for medical cannabis ID cards, while depriving patients of their medicine by refusing to issue licenses to dispensaries.

As a result, people who cannot grow their own medicinal cannabis must rely on the black market. Many people would prefer to buy their medicine from a provider that tests the product for quality and potency. This situation has been in place since 2000 when voters approved medical cannabis.

Advertisment

After 15 years of frustration and untold thousands collected by the state for no reason, a class action lawsuit has been filed against the state, the governor, and the Dept. of Health and Human Services (DHHS). The government’s actions constitute fraud, unjust enrichment, unequal taxation and violation of equal protections.

One dispensary exists outside of Reno, six hours away from Las Vegas. Clark County’s residents account for nearly three-quarters of the state population.

Even though medical cannabis was approved in 2000, including standards for purity and labeling, Nevada did not provide a “legal” way for patients to get their medication until 2013. It took the state thirteen years to enact regulations and licensing requirements. Several business licenses have been issued by the county, but the DHHS has not issued their licenses.

This inaction is propping up the cannabis black market and depriving patients of quality-assured products and objective information. 6,700 patients in Clark County have gone through the expense and hassle of getting their cannabis ID cards, hoping for DHHS to get on with it.

A patient must pay $$200 in fees for a medical cannabis card that expires yearly, forcing another round of fees. Issuing these cards with the knowledge that no dispensaries will be licensed before the card expires is a blatant example of deception and legislating for profit.

This situation is aggravated by a ludicrous part of Nevada’s cannabis laws, highlighted by one dispensary’s attempt to open in March. Euphoria Wellness was going to buy cannabis products from home growers for sale to patients, which is legal under the law. However, the law says that a home grower can only possess 2.5 ounces of “usable marijuana” at a time, which means that anyone supplying more than 2.5 ounces would be a criminal.

Naturally, the shop cannot buy small amounts and hope to make a profit. Its temporary business license expired July 30, meaning they will have to pay more licensing fees in the future.

The likely intent of that repressive part of Nevada’s law is to force production of medical cannabis into a corporatized model that can be heavily taxed. Home growers would provide competition.

Clark County resident Sheila Gerstenzang, who suffers from constant pain due to progressive scoliosis and spinal stenosis, sums up the feelings of those stuck in this immoral situation. Gerstenzang wants to try a low-THC strain after reading that it can be an effective treatment. She got her medical cannabis ID card last year after reading about the coming dispensaries, but has waited in vain.

“It makes me very angry. It makes me feel like we’re all being taken advantage of, we’re being bled for money.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38637,"Miami, FL — Last week, a Miami-Dade judge became the focus of much-deserved anger when she ruled on an ordinance banning front yard vegetable gardens. The village of Miami Shores, according to the ruling, has every right to take legal action against residents who dare to grow food in their own yards because they are “ugly.”

The ruling was a whopping ten pages long as it was filled with legal analysis and definitions of what constitutes a vegetable. Even though she ruled in favor of the ban, Judge Monica Gordo acknowledged that she wasn’t quite sure how a vegetable garden can ruin the aesthetics of one’s property.

However, she stated that the democratically elected government has every right to dictate what constitutes an ugly front yard, and gardens are apparently a contributing factor.

“Given the high degree of deference that must be given to a democratically elected governmental body … Miami Shores’ ban on vegetable gardens outside of the backyard passes constitutional scrutiny,” Gordo wrote.

The court’s decision was based on a three-year long legal battle of Tom Carroll and Hermine Ricketts. They were facing a fine of $$50 a day, not for robbing banks, or trafficking humans, or running some other criminal enterprise — but for growing their own food.

Advertisment

For 17 years, the couple grew their own food in their front yard until one day, the state came knocking.

No one was harmed by the couple’s garden, it was entirely organic, and in nearly two decades, not one of their neighbors ever complained. The only injured party in this ridiculous act was the state.

According to the tyrannical legislation, all homeowners are subject to the same absurd constraints. Their yards must be covered in grass — that is the law.

“There certainly is not a fundamental right to grow vegetables in your front yard,” Richard Sarafan, attorney for Miami Shores, said at the start of the case. “Aesthetics and uniformity are legitimate government purposes. Not every property can lawfully be used for every purpose.”

The hubris that it takes to claim that no one has a right to grow vegetables in their front yard is mind blowing. Carroll and Ricketts’ yard is not publicly owned and is not subject to the government’s ‘uniformity’ code — especially when all they are doing is growing food.

This case is different than many of the other gardening cases that arise across the country as the majority of front yard gardens are opposed by Home Owner Associations — not the government. When an HOA tells someone they cannot grow a garden it’s because that person voluntarily agreed to the rules.

Unlike members of HOAs, however, Carroll and Ricketts never agreed to these arbitrary constraints on their private property, which happened to be imposed on them nearly two decades after they’d been growing their own food.

While Ricketts and Carroll are upset over the ruling, the do not plan on backing down anytime soon.

“I am disappointed by today’s ruling,” Ricketts said in a statement to the Miami Herald. “My garden not only provided us with food, but it was also beautiful and added character to the community. I look forward to continuing this fight and ultimately winning so I can once again use my property productively instead of being forced to have a useless lawn.”

According to the report in the Miami Herald:

The upscale village in Northeast Miami-Dade has long insisted it had every right to regulate the look of the community. At a hearing in June, the village’s attorney said vegetable gardens are fine in Miami Shores, as long as they remain out of sight in the backyard.

“There is no vegetable ban in Miami Shores,” Sarafan told the judge. “It’s a farce. A ruse.” However, it’s not a farce. People cannot grow food in their front yards because the government thinks they are unsightly.

“They can petition the Village Council to change the ordinance. They can also support candidates for the Council who agree with their view that the ordinance should be repealed,” Gordo wrote.

However, that is what this couple has been doing for years. Changing the system from within has had zero effect.

The irony here is that had Carroll and Ricketts been growing their garden in the backyard, spraying gallons of glyphosate and permethrin into the air, the city would have been entirely fine with it. Only when this innocent couple dares to grow food in their front yard, violating the “aesthetics and uniformity” of their control freak government, do they ever hear a word.

“If Hermine and Tom wanted to grow fruit or flowers or display pink flamingos, Miami Shores would have been completely fine with it,” said their lawyer, Ari Bargil with the Institute of Justice. “They should be equally free to grow food for their own consumption, which they did for 17 years before the village forced them to uproot the very source of their sustenance.”

In modern day America, growing your own food has now become a revolutionary act.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102806,"“What did I do to be arrested?” Screams 24-year-old University of Tennessee-Chattanooga student Cole Montalvo as he is forced to the ground with a knee in his neck, and arrested last week after confronting a campus preacher who was calling students “adulterers” and “sinners.”

Apparently the police on UTC felt that his free speech was less important than the preacher’s free speech. Even the preacher is shocked by the scenario stating, “Is this how you always do it on this campus.” She was likely prepared to engage onlookers as she was calling them all heathens and had to know it would spark debate. But the thugs in uniform couldn’t wait to ‘bash some heads” and instead of a rational debate happening, the cops escalated it to violence.

Advertisment

Students gathered round the uncalled for arrest and began filming. How much longer until the police action becomes so detestable that the onlookers will no longer remain passive and instead help the victim of brutality?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
54994,"The Voice of Russia

Former New York City police officers and firefighters were among 106 people indicted on Tuesday over a disgraceful scam worth hundreds of millions of dollars, some had worked during the tragic September 11 attacks.The accused retired officers allegedly received tens of thousands of dollars a year in Social Security disability benefits – funded by American taxpayers – by claiming they were handicapped by serious psychiatric disorders.

However, according to court documents, they were in fact living perfectly healthy lives, one of the accused flew a helicopter, while another played blackjack in Las Vegas. They’re seen riding motorcycles, hauling in massive sailfish, slugging softballs for the “NYPD Blues,” taking jump shots, running half marathons and golfing.

They are among more than 100 retired New York City police and firefighters indicted in a massive Social Security disability scam involving hundreds of millions of dollars, court documents reveal.

Advertisment

“We will chase down every penny that these dishonorable thieves fraudulently pilfered so that the truly heroic firefighters, police officers, medics, and civilians who actually risked their lives on September 11, 2001, and are now suffering because of it, can get the care that they critically need,” said James T. Hayes, Jr., special agent-in-charge of Homeland Security Investigations, New York.

The alleged scam has been in place for more than two decades, with law enforcement officers and firefighters trained how to behave during doctor visits to qualify for full disability benefits without being exposed, officials explain.

“As a New Yorker, as a US citizen, I can only express disgust at the actions of these individuals involved in this scheme, particularly the 72 former members of the New York City Police Department who have certainly disgraced themselves, embarrassed their families, with their abuse of this system,” Police Commissioner William Bratton said at a news conference. “The idea that many of them chose the events of 9/11 to claim as the basis of the disability brings further dishonor to themselves.”

All the defendants pleaded not guilty on Tuesday, according to the Manhattan district attorney’s office.

Prosecutors said the men allegedly directed and coached hundreds of Social Security Disability Insurance applicants, including many retirees of the NYPD and FDNY, to lie about psychiatric conditions in order to gain benefits.

The charges include grand larceny in the first and second degrees and attempted grand larceny in the second degree. The remaining 102 defendants, all recipients of Social Security disability benefits, were charged with grand larceny in the second degree and attempted grand larceny in the second degree.

The average annual payment was between $$30,000 to $$50,000 for each recipient, prosecutors said. Of the defendants, 72 were also collecting pensions having retired from the NYPD, eight from the New York City Fire Department, five from the New York Department of Correction and one from the Nassau County Police Department.

The applicants were even instructed not to withdraw cash amounts of more than $$10,000 to avoid raising suspicion or require the filing of government currency reports, according to court papers.

In some instances, the prosecutor said, the total amount fraudulently obtained was nearly $$500,000 per applicant. The average Social Security Disability Insurance payment to date for the defendants, which included retrospective lump sum sums, was about $$210,000.

Officials have said the indictment was just the beginning of a broader investigation.

Reprinted from The Voice of Russia.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75018,"There is a dangerous precedent being set in America right now, and it all stems from the act of being offended and the actions one takes to prevent future ‘offenses.’ It is important to note that the freedom of speech is under attack and it is a bipartisan effort. Many of those complicit in the quelling of free speech are merely useful idiots and have no idea they are participating in one of the most effective forms of censorship humanity has ever seen. As terms like ‘snowflakes’ get thrown around to label those who get easily offended, ironically enough, those on either side of the offending party have no idea that they may be becoming what they are ridiculing.

As Ron Paul recently pointed out, both sides of the two-party paradigm are becoming easily triggered by the other side and this has given rise to the snowflake on the right.

The “snowflake” moniker is often used to refer to people who are easily offended by just about everything. Unable to accept or acknowledge free will, these “snowflakes” attempt to use bully tactics and even government legislation to try to force people to think and act in a certain way. It’s more of an annoyance than anything else. Free will still reigns supreme. No amount of legislation can change that. We’re all still naturally free to form our own opinions and act on them. While the “snowflake” designation has usually been reserved for people on the left-side of the political spectrum, we may be seeing the emergence of “snowflakes” on the right as well. Apparently, many people on the right are offended by athletes (or anyone else) not standing up in front of the American flag while the national anthem is playing. Unable to acknowledge free will, they attempt to use bully tactics to try to force people to act a certain way.

All people have to do to silence anyone with whom they disagree is to now claim their freedom of speech offended them. Case in point, as Paul noted, kneeling NFL players triggered a large group of people, mostly on the right, and many of whom ridicule the left for being so easily offended and trying to silence their opposition.

While most of the triggered crowd simply ranted about it on social media, some of these new right “snowflakes” actually called for the murder of kneeling football players and mandated standing for the anthem.

Advertisment

Telling people what words they can and can’t say to ‘protect’ others is chilling and nothing short of tyrannical. Freedom of speech does not come with terms and conditions as words alone, less the obvious yelling “fire” in a movie theater, cannot cause physical harm.

The act of being offended is a choice taken by those who hear certain words or see certain actions. Limiting or changing language or mandating your personal preferences does nothing to stop someone from offending in another manner or being offended.

Before his death in 2008, George Carlin wrote a book titled, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?, in which he blasted everything from the dumbing down of America to the politically correct police.

In his book, Carlin explains how being a politically correct snowflake is actually intolerance disguised as tolerance.

Political correctness is America’s newest form of intolerance, and it is especially pernicious because it comes disguised as tolerance. It presents itself as fairness, yet attempts to restrict and control people’s language with strict codes and rigid rules. I’m not sure that’s the way to fight discrimination. I’m not sure silencing people or forcing them to alter their speech is the best method for solving problems that go much deeper than speech.

Luckily, there are people who can see outside of this overt attempt to control what people can and cannot say and do, and these moves to silence others are exposed for what they are—tyranny.

As Chris Rossini explains, the snowflake knows no political side and is easy to spot on both the left and the right.

Snowflakes see themselves as definers. They’ll tell you what things mean. On the Left, they’ll define what is “beautiful,” and you have to make your opinion match it. If your opinion doesn’t match it, they’ll call you some derogatory name. (They have a million of them). On the Right, they are to define what the flag means, and you have to make your opinion match it. If they say that the flag stands for “freedom,” you don’t have the freedom to think otherwise. Those of us who advocate liberty and peace have no use for bully tactics and legislation. Everyone is free to form their own opinions without punishment.

As both sides continue to sling mud, those of us who refuse to buy into the divide are often the target of hate from both the left and the right. Logic, in a time of universal illogic, is often offensive.

When advocating for peace, the right will call you weak—when in fact standing against the warmongers is one of the bravest things a person can do. Conversely, when advocating for self-defense and the right of individuals to own guns, the left will say you are the problem and a gun nut. It is a never-ending cycle caused by the complete lack of reason and logic.

However, as Rossini explains, for advocates of liberty, one idea reigns supreme: Don’t use aggressive force against anyone. Force is only justified and moral when used in self-defense to repel an aggressor.

Advocates of liberty are not “snowflakes” in any sense of the word.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95491,"A federal judge has just dealt what may be the final blow to the Standing Rock Sioux tribe in their fight to protect sacred lands and water quality from the threat of the North Dakota Access pipeline.

The tribe filed a lawsuit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, alleging that their fast-track permitting of the pipeline – which skirts the normal environmental and cultural review process – was in violation of several federal laws, including the National Historic Preservation Act.

“U.S. District Judge James Boasberg in Washington denied the tribe’s request for a temporary injunction in a one-page ruling that included no explanation. It ordered the parties to appear for a status conference on Sept. 16. The ruling said that “this Court does not lightly countenance any depredation of lands that hold significance to the Standing Rock Sioux” and that, given the federal government’s history with the tribe, “the Court scrutinizes the permitting process here with particular care. Having done so, the Court must nonetheless conclude that the Tribe has not demonstrated that an injunction is warranted here.”

The denial of the tribe’s request means that Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) will continue constructing their 30-inch pipeline projected to carry a half million barrels of crude oil per day from the Bakken oil fracking fields in North Dakota to a transfer point in Illinois.

The tribe has every reason in the world to not want the pipeline as they are notorious for leaking. Just look at the horrid damage caused by Enbridge’s pipeline in the Kalamazoo River.

Advertisment

The people of the Great Sioux Nation were also betrayed by the United States government, who violated the nation-to-nation treaty by allowing permission of this pipeline before obtaining the tribe’s free, prior, and informed consent for its construction.

The court decision is a sobering reminder that government readily comes to defense of billion-dollar corporate interests, even when land rights, environmental concerns, and sacred Native American burial grounds are at stake.

State and local governments, salivating over the millions in expected tax revenue, had no hesitation in granting eminent domain to the oil company when landowners refused to sell their land for the pipeline right of way. They had no hesitation in putting the quality of drinking water for millions of people in jeopardy.

When Native Americans rose up to defend their water and their sacred burial grounds, local authorities stood by and watched as private mercenary firms unleashed dogs and pepper spray on protesters. Water trucks were removed from protest camps and the North Dakota governor called out the National Guard to protect the interests of Big Oil.

Now, federal government has put the nail in the coffin.

Attorney Jim Hasselman of Earthjustice said they will challenge the ruling, but things are looking grim.

“We will have to pursue our options with an appeal and hope that construction isn’t completed while that (appeal) process is going forward,” said Hasselman. “We will continue to pursue vindication of the tribe’s lawful rights even if the pipeline is complete.”

The only hope that remains is that according to the Justice Department, the pipeline will not proceed on schedule through the sacred land until federal authorities undertake additional reviews.

Federal authorities, on Friday afternoon, said they would not authorize construction of the pipeline to proceed near or under Lake Oahe until they undertake additional reviews.

“Construction of the pipeline on Army Corps land bordering or under Lake Oahe will not go forward at this time,” said a statement from the Corps of Engineers, the Justice Department and the Department of the Interior. “The Army will not authorize constructing the Dakota Access pipeline on Corps land bordering or under Lake Oahe until it can determine whether it will need to reconsider any of its previous decisions regarding the Lake Oahe site under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) or other federal laws. “

Thousands are gathering today to protest as pipeline construction nears the Standing Rock Sioux reservation in southern North Dakota. Perhaps the most symbolically tragic moment will be when the pipeline is installed across the Missouri River near tribal lands, making the threat to their water supplies reality.

The largest gathering of Native Americans in a century has yet to be silenced.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88457,"Propaganda is a tool used by governments to control the thought process and understanding of events through intentional manipulation. The goal of which is to frame the world in a view that will be beneficial to the ruling powers and their public policy goals.

Americans typically don’t perceive that they are being propagandized, tending to often buy into the narrative that is sold to them by the corporate mainstream media, as they have been conditioned since a young age to believe that the U.S. has a “free press” that simply reports the truth as it happens – a dangerous stance that couldn’t be further from the actual truth.

Freedoms of thought and expression are central to the western system of democracy – or so we are indoctrinated into believing. So to some, the idea that we live in an Orwellian reality – where what you see may be completely fallacious government propaganda – often causes a measure of cognitive dissonance.

To highlight this hidden propaganda phenomena, the The New York Times, ABC, AP, Reuters, Dailymail, Global News, and other news organizations reported on a car bomb that exploded in Baghdad’s northwestern neighborhood of Hurriyah, killing at least 10 and wounding 34.

Advertisment

But did it?

Anyone reading and watching these supposedly reputable news organizations’ reports would clearly take the above information at face value, without ever questioning the validity of the events as described.

The damning video below, reportedly captured on a security camera, clearly exposes exactly how far some will go to push their agenda, and narrative, onto the public in an effort to mold their perception and perspective.

If you hadn’t just seen it with your own eyes would you believe it?

Notice the crisis ACTORS, that run into position to feign death and injury from the car bomb!

Had you not witnessed this with your own eyes, and someone tried to convince you that this was a staged event, you would likely call them a “conspiracy theorist.”

Essentially, what this video reveals is that U.S. mainstream corporate media has been weaponized as a means of controlling public opinion by propagandizing the American people. Noam Chomsky, in his book “Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media,” detailed how U.S. media frequently serve as an errand boy for U.S. corporate, military and imperial interests.

“The media serve, and propagandize on behalf of, the powerful societal interests that control and finance them. The representatives of these interests have important agendas and principles that they want to advance, and they are well positioned to shape and constrain media policy.” –Chomsky

So while the corporate media attempts to press the “fake news” agenda on Facebook, likely as a means of stifling dissent, they report their own fake news without anyone being the wiser and with no mention of censorship on Facebook.

The fact that six mega-corporations own and control nearly 90 percent of the mass media in the U.S. is indicative of a system of control that works to maintain a highly repressive narrative.

If you hadn’t seen this staged event with your own eyes, would you believe that it happened any differently than as reported in the nightly ‘news’?

Please share this important story to help wake people up and expose them to the propaganda that controls their thought process and worldview!",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104342,"Republican-aligned activists in Florida’s Broward County who otherwise offer uncritical support for law enforcement have finally found an officer they consider unsuitable for duty – not because of anything he has done, but because of his identity. Broward County Sheriff’s Deputy Nezar Hamze is unsuitable for his position, his detractors insist, because he is a devout Muslim.

According to David Rosenthal of the Citizens’ Action Group of South Florida (CAG), this is sufficient cause not only to fire Hamze, but to expel him from the country.

“I hate Islam,” Rosenthal told a reporter for Miami’s ABC affiliate. “Islam is evil. Ideally, I would ban Islam in the United States.” As “sharia-compliant” Muslim, Rosenthal asserts, Deputy Hamze is unsuited for “any position in government, law enforcement, or the schools.” Asked if he thought the deputy “has the same right to be in this country as you do,” Rosenthal answered, “No.” Asked what he would like the deputy “to do at this point,” Rosenthal replied with a smirk, “move to some country that is sharia-compliant.”

Rosenthal, like the rest of his tiny but voluble band of comrades in CAG, considers himself a “constitutionalist.” Article VI of the U.S. Constitution specifies that “no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.” Rosenthal and like-minded detractors of Deputy Hamze apparently believe that this provision doesn’t apply to Muslims, and that Islam is an exception to the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment. A growing number of professional Muslim-baiters are peddling a line of sophistry describing Islam as an “ideology,” rather than a “religion” – as if that contrived distinction would make a material difference where First Amendment protections for freedom of speech and assembly are concerned.

“Please understand that in the estimation of the informed residents of Broward County, your policy and procedure in this matter represent a material breach of your oath of office, which obligates you to defend the Constitution of the United States and the laws of the State of Florida,” Rosenthal rebuked Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel in a letter. “Having as a deputy in the Broward Sheriff’s Office a man who refuses to renounce Sharia Law is simply insane, as Sharia Law promotes as though they were normal a series of behaviors codified under American laws as felonies. Nezar Hamze has refused to renounce Sharia Law and, therefore, your insistence on maintaining him as a deputy represents material negligence on your part, and a refusal to abide by your oath of office.”

Like others who share his anti-Muslim obsession, Rosenthal uses the term of art “sharia-compliant” to impute subversive motives to Hamze and other American Muslims. This is a tacit accusation that such people are subtly trying to reconfigure American laws in order to accommodate retrograde practices and medieval punishments found in Saudi Arabia and some – but by no means all – Muslim-majority countries. Some of the most abhorrent abuses, such as “honor killing” of women who offend tribal customs, arranged marriages of underage girls, and female genital mutilation, are tribal customs that are not prescribed in the Koran and did not originate within Muslim culture.

The term “sharia” means “the path,” and refers to Islamic religious law. It is the direct analogue to the Hebrew term “halakhah,” which also means “the path” and refers to Jewish religious law. Interestingly, first-century Christian believers were originally referred to as followers of “The Way,” a name embodying a similar concept (see, for example, The Book of Acts 9:22). All of those expressions refer to the commitment of the believer to conform his or her life to a set of moral and religious teachings. Any Muslim who seeks to understand God according to his religion’s traditions and teachings is “sharia-compliant,” and insisting that he or she repudiate “sharia” is nothing less than a demand for that person to recant his or her faith.

Advertisment

Rosenthal’s colleague Joe Kaufman, a failed Republican congressional candidate, recently referred to Hamze as “Deputy Hamas” in an essay published by Frontpagemag.com. Kaufman seized upon a news report describing self-defense and gun safety courses taught by Hamze at a local mosque to accuse the deputy of plotting “the next San Bernardino.” Local radio host Joyce Kaufman insisted that Hamze’s firearms classes amounted to “state-sanctioned jihad training in terror-tied mosques.”

In fact, the advice provided by Hamze was no different from similar instruction being provided to members of Christian churches nation-wide – and given recent arson attacks, vandalism, threats, assemblages of armed, hostile protesters, and other violent incidents targeting Muslims and their houses of worship, that instruction is both timely and tragically necessary. That is, unless one assumes — as some right-wing “gun rights” advocates insist — Muslims, unlike other Americans, do not enjoy a constitutionally protected right to armed self-defense.

In his farrago of lurid speculation and unsubstantiated accusations against Hamze, Kaufman retailed the now-familiar canard that CAIR is a terrorist-supporting organization. The group, which for American Muslims combines the functions of the ACLU and the Anti-Defamation League, was listed by federal prosecutors among hundreds of individuals and organizations designated as “unindicted co-conspirators” or “joint venturers” with several named defendants accused of supporting terrorism through the Texas-based Holy Land Foundation. “Un-indicted” means that the group was never charged with an offense; its status was akin to that of a material witness in a criminal investigation. The United States government has never designated CAIR as a terrorist organization.

Although Rosenthal and his comrades have been expansively critical of Sheriff Israel for refusing to fire Hamze, the deputy was actually hired – as a cadet – by Israel’s Republican predecessor, Al Lamberti. Israel, a Democrat, unseated Lamberti in an upset victory in 2012. This followed a corruption scandal implicating high-ranking BCSO officials in a plot involving a criminal who preyed on the local Jewish community – and who attempted to flee to a “sharia-compliant” country in order to avoid prosecution.

Former South Florida attorney Scott Rothstein, a major Republican Party donor, used his law practice to create a $$1.4 billion Ponzi scheme through his law practice through fabricated lawsuits and bogus financial settlements. His chief adviser in this scheme was Michael Szanfranski, a financial analyst who acted as the shill in the con game by “independently verifying” the terms of “financial opportunities” that were peddled to credulous investors. The preferred targets were wealthy –and even financially marginal – members of his own religious community.

Szafranski was a “Gabbai” – a lay religious officer somewhat like a deacon in a Baptist church – at the Young Israel Congregation of Bal Harbour. This allowed him an opportunity to organize prayer services and “charitable” functions during which he manipulated people into buying into Rothstein’s Ponzi scheme.

Rothstein likewise counted on the assistance of friends in law enforcement.

“Scott Rothstein had [BCSO] officers in his back pocket,” observes investigative journalist Chuck Malkus, author of a book on the swindler. “Scott Rothstein was bribing officers to carry out illegal acts.” BCSO Detective Jeff Poole, who was later prosecuted and sentenced for prison for his offenses, falsely arrested the ex-wife of a Rothstein business associate on trumped-up prescription drug offenses during a June 2009 traffic stop. This was done to intimidate the woman during a child-custody dispute.

Rothstein “made a point of cozying up to law enforcement, including hiring Fort Lauderdale police officers to guard his home 24 hours a day,” reported the Miami Sun-Sentinel. It apparently never occurred to those vigilant guardians of the public weal to ask how Rothstein could live like the fictional billionaire Bruce Wayne. His fleet of luxury cars – including three Bentleys, a vintage Mustang, and several sports cars – filled an air-conditioned warehouse. In addition to his main mansion, the attorney owned several beachfront residences. Jewelry dripped off of his wife, who accompanied him on expensive junkets around the world.

Some of those officers might have gotten close enough to Rothstein to hear him boast of his own amorality, as he did in a monologue recorded by his one-time intimate associate, Steve Caputi.

“Here’s one thing you should learn about me that’s really important, everybody pay attention,” Rothstein said as he was being shuttled to a Yankees game. “If you are going to attack me in any fashion, be prepared for the counter attack and understand that I duel with people much, much smarter than you every day. Understand that the repercussions of engaging me could open the gates of hell. Understand that I am capable of evil far beyond anything your imagination could ever conjure up.”

By that time, Rothstein was entrenched in the upper echelons of Florida’s Republican elite. In 2008, then-Governor Charlie Crist appointed him to the Judicial Nominating Commission for Florida’s Fourth District Court of Appeals. John McCain and Sarah Palin both provided him with autographed portraits in gratitude for his generous support for the GOP. Had the McCain-Palin ticket prevailed in 2008, Rothstein might have been rewarded with a position in the U.S. Justice Department.

During a gathering of high-powered Republicans at Donald Trump’s Mar-A-Largo estate, the future GOP presidential aspirant “put his arm around Scott and says, `You know, people, you’re looking at probably the next United States Attorney General,’” recalls Caputi, who was present. “And Scott’s trying to look all modest, and Arlen Specter chirps in and says, `Maybe someday a President of the United States.’ And the whole room explodes with applause like the floor of a convention.”

A year later, Caputi – who had been recruited by Rothstein as a bit player in a scheme to scam investors out of millions of dollars – was surprised to receive a message from the attorney urging him to travel to Morocco, whence he had fled to escape prosecution. When he arrived in Casablanca, Caputi found Rothstein strung out on pills and alcohol, pacing a hotel room in his underwear, surrounded by suitcases bursting with cash. Prior to leaving the United States, Rothstein had wired $$16 million into offshore accounts. He had also researched Morocco’s extradition laws and, apparently, renounced his U.S. citizenship.

“We have a client that was a United States citizen until about 6 months ago,” Rothstein told associates in his law firm shortly before he fled. “He became a citizen of Israel and renounced his United States citizenship. He is likely to be charged with a multitude of crimes in the united states [sic] including fraud, money laundering and embezzlement.” Rothstein was particularly interested to know if “the client” could be extradited to the U.S., and if he could be charged with those crimes in Israel, even if they were committed in this country.

To provide him with security as he absconded, Rothstein paid $$20,000 to former BCSO Detective David Benjamin – who at the time was in charge of the department’s internal affairs section. Although fleeing to Israel was an option, Rothstein chose the Arab country Morocco as his refuge – despite the fact that it is ruled by a “sharia-compliant” government.

“Morocco is not just a `Muslim country’ in the cultural sense,” wrote National Review legal analyst Andrew McCarthy in 2011, following that nation’s most recent constitutional reform. “It is a country proudly adherent to sharia law.” Its government is a signatory to the 1990 Cairo Declaration of Human Rights in Islam, which asserts that the role of the Islamic Ummah is to lead humanity “to a dignified life in accordance with the Islamic Shari’ah” (spelling in the original).

Rothstein eventually returned to the United States, where he was convicted of multiple charges and sentenced to fifty years in prison. Former BCSO deputies Poole and Benjamin were convicted on criminal charges and sent to prison. They were among 28 department employees – many of them tainted by improper relationships with Rothstein — who were fired by Sheriff Israel following his upset victory in 2012. Nezar Hamze, a BCSO cadet who was untouched by that scandal, was promoted to fill one of the vacancies created by Sheriff Israel’s badly needed purge – thereby triggering an outburst of bigoted hostility from Republican activists whose composure didn’t suffer as a result of Rothstein’s criminal rampage.

David Rosenthal, as of this writing, has not responded to a request from The Free Thought Project for comment regarding “any overt actions taken by Mr. Hamze that have resulted in material harm to Broward County residents,” or “any incidents of official misconduct” on his part. As he and his associates have made clear, their objection to the deputy isn’t focused on anything he has done, but entirely on the fact that he is a Muslim who refuses to renounce his religion.

UPDATE:

Unable to cite an actual abuse or corrupt act on the part of Deputy Hamze that would justify his termination, David Rosenthal, in a December 27 email, reiterates his position that Hamze has disqualified himself by declining to recant his religious faith.

“Mr. Hamze has refused to renounce Sharia Law, which calls for a series of acts to be committed by Muslims that are codified under American law as violent felonies,” insists Rosenthal. “This presents cause for concern, since as a deputy, he has sworn to defend the laws of this country, but refuses to forswear those laws of Islam that call for violation of American law. If he were willing to defend American law, he should be willing to forswear the laws that call for its violation. But he refuses to do so.”

As explained above, the term “sharia” is a generic term referring to the religious and ethical “path” followed by people who subscribe to the Islamic faith. There is no “sharia law” manual or guidebook codifying “violent felonies” against Americans.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96285,"Winnemucca, NV — Last year, Sgt. Lee Dove became the poster child for asset forfeiture in America. After video footage of his extortion racket became public and a subsequent photo depicted him smiling as he showed off the cash he stole from innocent people, Americans became that much more aware of asset forfeiture.

Now he’s in a different photo, his mugshot, and that should go equally viral.

The Humbolt County Sheriff’s department became infamous last year after infuriating dashcam footage showed Dove conducting literal highway robbery.

Advertisment

In something that you’d expect to see in a third world country, dashcam video from one of Dove’s drug interdiction stops documented his “legalized” theft. No drugs were found, but that didn’t stop the deputy from grabbing the cash.

“How much money you got?” Humboldt County Deputy Dove can be heard asking in the video. Dove can be seen dropping cash on the hood of the car. “That’s not yours, is it?” said Deputy Dove as he salivated over this innocent man’s cash. “That’s mine,” said his victim. “Well, I’m seizing it,” said Dove just before threatening to steal more from the man if he refused to be robbed.

The video and the photo which was taken afterward set the Humbolt County Sheriff’s Department down a long road, full of federal lawsuits from previous victims.

You can see that sickening video below.

The irony here is that while Dove was assaulting people with a gun and stealing from them, while on-duty, he escaped all accountability. But when he assaults people with a weapon, while off-duty, he is then arrested.

According to police, Dove, 47, was arrested in response to a dispatch call about a man with a gun at a gas station. He was charged with drawing a deadly weapon in a threatening manner and assault with a deadly weapon.

He was booked into the Humboldt County Detention Center on Tuesday, and his bail was set at $$22,500. He has since been released.

Dove had been on paid leave since January.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89778,"Company suggests outrage over toddler critically injured by police flashbang grenade will subside when terror group “comes a calling”

PAUL JOSEPH WATSON | JUNE 26, 2014 | Infowars.com

A company that provides video training programs for law enforcement has caused controversy by suggesting that nobody will complain about militarized police in America or examples of police brutality when the ISIS insurgent group “comes a calling.”

Advertisment

A Facebook post by In the Line of Duty even goes so far as to imply that outrage over a recent incident where a 2-year-old had a hole blown open in his chest as a result of a flashbang grenade thrown by SWAT police will disappear once ISIS terrorists enter the United States.

“When this ‘militarization’ of lea’s (Law Enforcement Agencies) affects infants like Bou Bou, the public’s going to be righteously outraged. But, someday, when ISIS comes a calling, who will be complaining then?,” states the Facebook post, which links to a Guardian article about how police departments in the U.S. are becoming increasingly militarized.

ISIS is the insurgent group (aided in part by the Obama administration’s support for radical jihadists in Syria), that recently took control of key cities in Iraq and has been blamed for a number of atrocities.

“Bou Bou” is a reference to the victim of a harrowing recent incident during which a SWAT team member threw a flashbang grenade into the toddler’s crib while conducting an armed raid on a house just outside of Atlanta.

2-year-old Bounkham “Bou Bou” Phonesavanh was severely injured by the blast and remains in critical condition with possible brain damage. “There’s still a hole in his chest that exposes his ribs,” the toddler’s mother wrote in an article for Salon.com. “At least that’s what I’ve been told; I’m afraid to look.”

According to its website, In the Line of Duty “is the only producer of reality-based video training programs for law enforcement.”

Writer William Norman Grigg labels the company, “defenders of the militarized Homeland Security State,” accusing them of making, “the assumption that the public would regard 3:00 a.m. Stormtrooper raids that leave infants with disfiguring injuries (as) simply the price we must pay to be protected from whatever “threats” our rulers can conjure.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
15570,"While it may seem absurd to think of a government losing nuclear weapons across the world, the truth is that the United States government has an extensive history of losing its most deadly weapons, and some of them have been missing for nearly 70 years.

Here are seven times the U.S. government lost nuclear weapons that still have not been found:

1. February 1950 – The first known nuclear weapon loss occurred when an American B-36 bomber was flying from Alaska to Texas, and it lost power in three engines. Reports claimed that when the aircraft started losing altitude, the crew began trying to lighten its load by releasing a 30-kiloton Mark 4 (Fat Man) nuclear bomb, into the Pacific Ocean

While the bomb’s uranium components were lost and have yet to be recovered, one diver said he believes he found the remnants of the nuclear bomb off the coast of British Columbia in November 2016.

Advertisment

2. March 1956 – A B-47 Stratojet was of the U.S. Air Force was flying from the MacDill Air Force Base in Florida to an overseas base, carrying two nuclear weapon cores. While the aircraft completed its first air-to-air refueling, it never reached its second tanker and is presumed to have crashed.

As Aerospace Web reported, experts believe the plane and its contents are somewhere in the Mediterranean Sea, but “no trace of the plane, its crew, or its nuclear payload was ever found despite an extensive search.”

3. July 1957 – The next incident occurred when a U.S. Air Force C-124 aircraft left the Dover Air Force Base in Delaware, to transport three nuclear bombs over the Atlantic Ocean. When the aircraft lost power, the crew jettisoned two of the nuclear bombs.

The bombs have never been found, and it is presumed that they are still located somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean, around 100 miles from Atlantic City. The Asbury Park Press reported that when the first bomb was pushed overboard at an altitude of 2,500 feet, “there was no visible explosion as the bomb hit the water and it quickly vanished from sight. The second bomb was jettisoned in the same manner. Again, there was no observable detonation of the high explosive elements.”

4. February 1958 – When a USAF B-47 bomber collided with a USAF F-86 Sabra midair during a simulated combat mission from the Homestead Airforce base in Florida, the pilot of the F-86 was ejected, and the pilot of the B-47 attempted to land at the Hunter Air Force Base in Georgia.

After multiple failed landing attempts, the B-47 jettisoned the Mark 15 Mod 0 nuclear bomb it was carrying, which landed somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean near Tybee Island, Georgia. According to Aerospace Web, the initial search for the weapons lasted for nine weeks, and then “another unsuccessful search was mounted in 2001, and reports of radiation detected less than a mile from shore led to speculation of the bomb’s discovery in 2004,” but the bombs have yet to be found.

5. January 1961 – The next “broken arrow” incident occurred when a B-52 carrying two 24-megaton nuclear bombs crashed after taking off from an airbase in Goldsboro, North Carolina. A structural fire caused the plane to crash, killing three of its eight crewmembers and releasing the two weapons.

One of those weapons struck the ground and then sank in swampy farmland, and while the Air Force recovered its plutonium, most of the thermonuclear stage —including highly enriched uranium that made up the bomb’s core—was never found. Reports claimed that the U.S. Air Force responded by buying a permanent easement that gave the government permission to dig on the land.

6. December 1965 – An A-4E Skyhawk attack plane carrying a B-43 thermonuclear bomb sank into the Pacific Ocean after it rolled off of the USS Ticonderoga while returning to a naval base in Yokosuka, Japan, after a deployment to Vietnam.

The plane, the pilot, and the weapon were lost in more than 16,000 feet of water, and have never been recovered. It was not until 1989 that U.S. officials finally admitted the accident took place, 70 miles from Okinawa. The Los Angeles Times noted that this incident provided “evidence that U.S. warplanes operating off Vietnam were loaded with nuclear bombs and that U.S. warships carried atomic weapons into Japanese ports in violation of Japanese policy.”

7. May 1968 – The attack submarine USS Scorpion was returning to its base in Norfolk, Virginia after a three-month deployment, when it mysteriously sank in the Atlantic Ocean, about 500 miles southwest of the Azores Islands. The submarine, 99 crewmembers and the one nuclear reactor and two nuclear-tipped torpedoes that were onboard, were all lost, and have yet to be recovered.

While questions remain about what led up to the tragic loss, Aerospace Web reported that one of the most prominent theories is that “a battery within one of the submarine’s torpedoes overheated and ignited. The subsequent fire caused a warhead detonation and blasted open the torpedo loading hatch at the top of the forward compartment,” which led to a flood of water to the hatch that sent the Scorpion over 10,000 feet into the ocean.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102586,"(RT) — YouTube’s curation team are able to promote even non-trending videos on the platform by “using some kind of intervention” into algorithms controlling the website. This allows specific news organizations to be favored, Project Veritas revealed.

Investigative group Project Veritas secretly filmed Earnest Pettie, the Brand and Diversity Curation Lead at YouTube, who said he works “on a team that does provide some human inputs into a lot of the machinery of YouTube.” This would mean that videos from specific news sources could be made to appear at the top of search results.

Petite explained how YouTube’s so-called news carousel is formed: “It’s above the search results, so at the very least, we can say this shelf of videos from news partners is legitimate news because we know that these are legitimate news organizations.”

“People are searching for a topic that our systems know is a ‘newsy’ topic, so let’s give them videos that we know to be newsy because we know we have these news partnerships.”

Advertisment

“In very rare cases we will try to make up to the fact that something isn’t in the trending tab,” he admitted. “Use some kind of intervention to… encourage the thing to be there, basically.”

In the recording Pettie also says Nick Dudich, audience strategy editor for the New York Times, is “one of the people I think who has more knowledge about YouTube as a platform than probably anyone else that I know.”

Speaking with a member of Project Veritas, Dudich said that he placed a negative report about Facebook in a spot where he knew it wouldn’t draw much attention, while bragging about using his Silicon Valley friendships to make videos trend.

“We actually just did a video about Facebook negatively, and I chose to put it in a spot that I knew wouldn’t do well,” Dudich said in the secretly filmed conversation.

Dudich claimed that his friends in Silicon Valley helped NYT videos trend, while saying he doesn’t want the NYT to know about his connections, according to Project Veritas.

“Let’s say something ends up on the YouTube front page, the New York Times freaks out about it, but they don’t know it’s just because my friends curate the front page. So, it’s like, a little bit of mystery you need in any type of job to make it look like what you do is harder than what it is,” Dudich says in the recording.

The video released Wednesday is the latest in a Project Veritas series called “American Pravda,” aimed at the US mainstream media. The installment released Tuesday also featured recordings of Dudich, in which he claims he worked for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign to counter the “threat” of Trump and that he did not join the Times to “be objective.”

It is impossible to assess the credibility of Dudich’s claims, however, as he also claimed that former FBI Director James Comey was his godfather, and that he used to participate in Antifa activities on behalf of the FBI.

Dudich admitted this was not true after Project Veritas interviewed his father, who said he didn’t even know Comey. It was “a good story,” Dudich said when asked why he lied.

In response to the Tuesday video, a New York Times spokeswoman Danielle Rhoades Ha said that Dudich was a “recent hire in a junior position” who appeared to have “violated [the newspaper’s] ethical standards and misrepresented his role.”

“In his role at The Times, he was responsible for posting already published video on other platforms and was never involved in the creation or editing of Times videos. We are reviewing the situation now,” Rhoades Ha said.

James O’Keefe, who founded Project Veritas in 2010, has released a number of controversial undercover videos, including one with CNN political commentator Van Jones this summer. Jones accused O’Keefe of editing the video in such a way as to take his words out of context and create a “hoax.”

In the Veritas video Jones was recorded saying the investigation into Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 election was “a big nothing-burger.” Jones said the missing context was that he said Democrats couldn’t use it to impeach Trump, even if the allegations were true.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103447,"While the sanctions placed on Iraq by the United Nations Security Council in the 1990s may be a distant memory for some, it’s critical to remember the shameful aftermath as the Trump administration undertakes the sanctioning of certain specific individuals in Syria. No matter the position one might take on the issue of sanctions, the fact remains that they caused a decade of tremendous suffering and widespread deaths of Iraqi civilians, many of them children.

Iraq Sanctions Led to Grievous Death Toll

The widely-reported number of children who died as a result of the sanctions has been as high as 576,000, although one subsequent report estimated 227,000 and a second approximated 350,000. Chuck Sudetic, a journalist who spent time in Basra documenting how sanctions affected the city, wrote in late 2001 that “According to an estimate by Amatzia Baram, an Iraq analyst at the University of Haifa in Israel, between 1991 and 1997 half a million Iraqis died of malnutrition, preventable disease, lack of medicine, and other factors attributable to the sanctions; most were elderly people or children. The United Nations Children’s Fund puts the death toll during the same period at more than 1 million of Iraq’s 23 million people.” Despite conflicting estimates, each set of figures are staggering and tragic.

The United States Security Council Resolution 661 was adopted in August of 1990 following Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait, “imposing comprehensive multilateral international sanctions on Iraq and freezing all its foreign assets. Iraq was no longer free to import anything not expressly permitted by the United Nations, and companies were forbidden from doing business with Iraq, with very limited exceptions,” according to David Rieff writing for The New York Times in 2003.

Advertisment

“Government assets abroad were frozen and financial transactions with Iraq were prohibited. The country’s economy collapsed immediately and Saddam blamed the United States. He made himself a hero across the Arab world by defying Washington and refusing to quit Kuwait, even as U.S.-led forces began attacking Iraq by air on January 17, 1991,” Sudetic noted.

“Oil For Food”: Corruption Disguised as Benevolence

In 1995, the U.N. proposed the Oil For Food Program which sought to ease some of the burdens caused by the sanctions by allowing Iraq to sell more oil to pay for humanitarian necessities like food and medicine. While first resisted by Saddam Hussein, who initially claimed that the program violated sovereignty, the program was later initiated and Hussein used the program to his advantage. Slate’s Michael Crowley wrote that Hussein took advantage of the program in three ways: first, by ignoring stipulations and selling oil illegally to Syria, Turkey, and Jordan among others to the one of about $$13.6 billion; utilizing “pricing schemes, surcharges, and kickbacks to milk another $$7 billion or more from oil buyers and sellers of humanitarian supplies”; and engaging in bribery via “a list of people who were given vouchers to buy Iraqi oil at below-market price—essentially, multimillion-dollar buy-offs.” The program ended abruptly and “subsequent investigations show the program was poorly managed and riddled with fraud,” according to PBS.

“The failure of the program wasn’t just in providing food, medicine and comfort to the Iraqi people; the failure of the program was also not having strong oversight and checks and balances that would have prevented a small group of people and nations from raping billions — billions — of dollars from the people of Iraq,” former Senator Norm Coleman (R-MN) told PBS.

Worrisome New Sanctions In Syria

The sanctions imposed on Iraq have been inarguably disastrous, and Oil for Food was known to be an overall failure rampant with corruption that did little to ease the suffering of Iraqi civilians. Syria is no stranger to American-led sanctions, as they have been imposed in the past by the Bush and Obama administrations. But is the United States headed toward repeating history in its newest sanctions on Syrian scientists?

On April 24th, the Trump administration placed sanctions on 271 Syrian government employees in response to the sarin gas attack that killed 80 civilians. “The United States is sending a strong message with this action that we will not tolerate the use of chemical weapons by any actor, and we intend to hold the Assad regime accountable for its unacceptable behavior,” said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.” The New York Times noted that the sanctions are targeted toward “highly educated Syrian officials with deep expertise in chemistry who were thought to have the ability to travel extensively and possibly to use the American financial system.”

The Associated Press states that “any property or interest in property of the individuals’ sanctioned must be blocked, and U.S. persons are generally prohibited from dealing with them.” Also according to AP, “Three U.S. officials said that the sanctions are part of a broader effort to cut off funding and other support to Syria’s President Bashar Assad and his government amid the country’s escalating civil war. The U.S. blames Assad for a recent chemical attack on Syrian civilians, and responded earlier this month by launching missiles against a Syrian airfield.”

France has joined the United States in assigning responsibility to the Syrian government for the chemical attack, while Russia and Syria have denied that the Assad regime was behind the attack. Former Congressman Ron Paul (R-TX), a longtime opponent of sanctions, continues to question the United States’ assertion that Assad gassed his people. Members of the Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity, a group of former U.S. intelligence officials, have repeatedly urged President Trump to carefully re-evaluate all aspects of the incident and his position on retaliation. On Saturday, the group criticized Defense Secretary James Mattis’ assertion of there being “no doubt” that the Syrian government is “retaining” chemical weapons, noting that Mattis sounded quite similar to Vice President Dick Cheney when he proclaimed there was “no doubt” that Hussein possessed WMD’s.

“In the case of Syria, the ‘no doubt’ standard Mattis has employed does not meet the ‘reasonable man’ standard. Given the consequences that are attached to his every word, Secretary Mattis would be well advised not to commit to a “no doubt” standard until there is, literally, no doubt.” — Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity

While the newest issue of sanctions on Syrian government workers is not nearly as extensive as those placed on Iraq in the 90’s, the American people are being told the same story about the Assad regime as they were told about the Hussein regime: that dictators are in possession of dangerous weapons and must be stopped. But what must be stopped are hurried military retaliations and intensified meddling in foreign affairs that pose no imminent threat on the United States. As deplorable as some actions overseas have been, the U.S. government is once again indicating its eagerness to participate in further battle to weaken Assad- an eerily familiar mission, and one that President Trump once promised the public that he would avoid.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74717,"For years, TFTP has been reporting on the disturbing practice of police shooting people’s pets and claiming they ‘feared for their lives.’ However, the following account may be the worst we’ve ever seen. Not only did the cop shoot the dog, but called him close enough so that he wouldn’t waste his bullets, presumably, when he dispatched the dog.

Alliance Ohio Police Officer Josh Tenney’s body camera captured all the moments leading up to the dog’s killing. For over 2 minutes, Tenney called out to the dogs who were not on their leashes. He appeared to be trying to get them to come to him. “Come here puppy!” he said quite affectionately.

But what happened next should give pause to any pet owner who’s even considering calling 911 to get police to help corral their pet. Tenney approached a car wash, still calling out for the dogs to come to him. When, all of a sudden, one of the dogs ran to him.

It’s unclear if the dog was responding to Tenney’s calls or if he was charging him. At any rate, Tenney shot the dog, which got up, and continued running towards him. The officer then fired several more rounds, killing the dog. In all, Tenney may have fired five rounds at the dog he initially called to come to him.

Advertisment

Tenney radioed in “shots fired” to which the dispatcher responded “the owner is en route”, but it was already too late. In fairness to the officer, he could have shot all three dogs, and his shot placement was apparently on target. But, the entire incident leaves us scratching our heads and asking serious questions.

Why did Officer Tenney call the dog if he was only going to kill him when he came running at him? Why didn’t the officer at least extend a hand to see if the do was going to sniff or lick him, instead of going straight to the firearm to end the perceived threat to his safety?

According to PINAC, the dog’s name is “China”;

This behavior is normal for this breed as well many others and is by no means a display of aggression towards a human, it is simply dog play.

Not knowing this or simply not caring Tenney can then be seen raising his pistol and killing China, for coming when he called her and for no other reason…This is simply another case of a scared cop killing a friendly dog because he was SCARED.

Morgan Furry, the dogs’ owner, is also asking for answers. She said her dogs were “playful” and weren’t aggressive. She said the two pit bulls and a rottweiler had crawled under her fence and she asked Mark, her husband, to go get the dogs.

I don’t understand why the police officer got out of the car and approached three dogs he didn’t know…They would have been fine until Mark got there.

Now she says she has to explain to her kids why “China” won’t be coming home.

How do you explain to your three-year-old that your dog is not coming home?

Sergeant Michael Yarian said, “he did not have any other choice,” and that he was acting “within policy” when Tenney chose to shoot the older pit bull.

“I didn’t want to have to shoot it,” Tenney told his superiors in the aftermath of the dog’s killing. As he recounted the situation, he forgot or failed to mention he shot at the dog once while standing in the car wash parking lot.

He said the smaller dogs tried to protect him, and that he only started shooting once he’d backed down the small hill into the grass where the fatal shots were fired.

“Oh he was definitely trying,” to bite him he told his fellow officers. “This one charged at me pretty good….I backed away…Mama Bear came at me pretty hard,” he said.

For Officer Tenney, we have the following advice. If you don’t want a dog to come to you, then do all of us living creatures a favor and stop calling them to come to you, unless of course all you want to do is fire your weapon in the line of duty. You could’ve waited the extra two minutes for animal control to arrive. At least that way you don’t become part of a larger national discussion on the epidemic of cops killing people’s pets.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50199,"France-based Reporters Without Borders (Reporters Sans Frontières, or RSF) released its 2016 World Press Freedom Index on Wednesday, and the news is grim. All parts of the world have seen a decline in press freedom, leading to fears of a “new era of propaganda.”

“The 2016 edition of the World Press Freedom Index…shows that there has been a deep and disturbing decline in respect for media freedom at both the global and regional levels. Ever since the 2013 index, Reporters Without Borders has been calculating indicators of the overall level of media freedom violations in each of the world’s regions and worldwide. The higher the figure, the worse the situation. The global indicator has gone from 3719 points last year to 3857 points this year, a 3.71% deterioration. The decline since 2013 is 13.6%.”

Physical threats to journalists, increasingly authoritarian governments, threats from religious ideologies, tighter control of state-owned media and lack of security in war-torn countries are all contributing to the downward spiral.

Latin America, whose ranking plunged 20.5%, is of particular concern. Journalists are attacked and murdered in Mexico and central America, while corruption in Brazil and media concentration in Argentina are also factors.

Repressive governments, including U.S. allies in the Middle East and communist China, suspend access to the internet or even destroy media premises or equipment. Oligarchs are buying up media outlets to exert pressure along with their allies in government.

Advertisment

Around the world, laws are being adopted to criminalize journalists for things such as “insulting the president,” “blasphemy” or “supporting terrorism.”

Christophe Deloire, secretary general of RSF, spoke to Agence France Presse about the situation.

“All of the indicators show a deterioration. Numerous authorities are trying to regain control of their countries, fearing overly open public debate. Today, it is increasingly easy for powers to appeal directly to the public through new technologies, and so there is a greater degree of violence against those who represent independent information. We are entering a new era of propaganda where new technologies allow the low-cost dissemination of [governments’] own communication, their information, as dictated. On the other side, journalists are the ones who get in the way.”

The Middle East/North Africa region is still home to the worst repression against journalism, with China and North Korea joining those countries at the bottom of the index. Finland, the Netherlands and Norway top the list of countries with the most press freedom.

The U.S.—which often touts itself as “leader of the free world” and routinely chastises other countries for human rights abuses while its own abuses go unchecked—ranks 41st in the Press Freedom Index. Although it is an improvement from 49th place, significant threats remain. Unsurprisingly, these threats are carried out under the guise of “national security.”

“US media freedom, enshrined in the First Amendment to the 1787 constitution, has encountered a major obstacle – the government’s war on whistleblowers who leak information about its surveillance activities, spying and foreign operations, especially those linked to counter-terrorism. Furthermore, US journalists are still not protected by a federal “shield law” guaranteeing their right not to reveal their sources and other confidential work-related information.”

The Obama administration has been instrumental in silencing those who expose government wrongdoing by prosecuting “more whistleblowers under the Espionage Act than all previous administrations combined.”

It’s not only whistleblowers who are under the threat of state violence for their words. In June of last year, the DoD released its 1,180 page Law of War Manual which outlines provisions for military commanders to violate the rights of journalists who they disagree with in vaguely written legal speak.

According to the Associated Press:

The Law of War manual, updated to apply for the first time to all branches of the military, contains a vaguely worded provision that military commanders could interpret broadly, experts in military law and journalism say. Commanders could ask journalists to leave military bases or detain journalists for any number of perceived offenses. “In general, journalists are civilians,” the 1,180 page manual says, but it adds that “journalists may be members of the armed forces, persons authorized to accompany the armed forces, or unprivileged belligerents.” A person deemed “unprivileged belligerent” is not entitled to the rights afforded by the Geneva Convention so a commander could restrict from certain coverage areas or even hold indefinitely without charges any reporter considered an “unprivileged belligerent.”

The manual allows for the stripping of due process, and reporters who are deemed “belligerent” could be carted off to Gitmo and never heard from again.

The manual states that they are not ruling out torturing journalists either. According to the manual:

“Reporting on military operations can be very similar to collecting intelligence or even spying. A journalist who acts as a spy may be subject to security measures and punished if captured.”

The 2016 presidential election is also demonstrating the shortcomings of American press freedom. Candidates from both political parties have regularly restricted journalist access to campaign events, as they con voters into believing they will work for the people and not the Washington establishment.

In addition to this authoritarian threat to journalism, the U.S. has a particular problem with television-based outlets that profess to be purveyors of news but are more accurately called infotainment. Fox News and CNN are examples of this farcical notion of “news” that misinforms so many Americans, distracting the populace from real issues and acting as Praetorian Guard for government.

“The climate of fear results in a growing aversion to debate and pluralism, a clampdown on the media by ever more authoritarian and oppressive governments, and reporting in the privately-owned media that is increasingly shaped by personal interests. Journalism worthy of the name must be defended against the increase in propaganda and media content that is made to order or sponsored by vested interests. Guaranteeing the public’s right to independent and reliable news and information is essential if humankind’s problems, both local and global, are to be solved. — RSF secretary-general Christophe Deloire”

True journalism has always been heralded as a check on government power and abuse. In the age of instant information transfer, independent media represent a force like never before to counter authoritarianism. We must take seriously the RSF report and strengthen the fight to retain press freedom.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103020,"Washinton, D.C. — A disturbing video was uploaded to Twitter Monday afternoon showing a cop holding a small woman up off the ground while smashing her against his patrol car. The woman was an innocent school teacher, and the cop was a bully.

According to the victim, who looks like a little girl in the video, but is actually a 32-year-old woman named Shadon, she was assaulted for no reason at all. The lack of an arrest in the incident is evidence of this claim.

According to Shadon, she was arguing with a man who was harassing another woman. When officers saw this, they perceived her as a threat. So, without question or just cause, this 250-pound cop tossed this 90-pound woman around like a rag doll.

“It was harassment, and I asked for the police officer’s badge – they wouldn’t give me no names, no numbers or nothing – so I left – I never knew this was being recorded,” Shadon said in an interview with FOX 5.

Advertisment

As soon as the Twitter user, @MacAndCheeks, posted the video, it quickly went viral sparking outrage toward the DC police department.

After countless tweets at the department, they finally released a statement noting that “We’ve been made aware of this video and have contacted their commanding officer as we investigate this matter.”

MPD has been made aware of this video and contacted their commanding officer. We'll investigate this matter. @LyricalVenom @MacAndCheeks — DC Police Department (@DCPoliceDept) August 15, 2016

The video is nothing short of infuriating, watching the hyper-aggressive police officer dangling this tiny woman over the street. Predictably enough, the officer’s female partner did nothing to stop him, and, instead, opted for putting on her leather gloves — in a likely preparation for more violence.

“Yes, you did. I saw it,” are the only audible words in the video said by the officer.

During the assault, which occurred at a bus stop outside a CVS Pharmacy on 7th Street NW, Shadon informed the officer that she was a teacher at Cleveland Elementary and pointed at the school.

So this just happened. I'm TIRED. he literally hopped out and did this immediately to her. No CONVO. Dawg. WTF pic.twitter.com/tf1HpF78up — Mac. (@MacAndCheeks) August 15, 2016

As if to pretend to be helping Shadon, the female police officer asks bystanders if they have a bag for Shadon’s belongings which had been scattered on the road during the assault.

Now they giving her her textbooks back. Ask ME if I have a plastic bag for her. ""Baby girl you got a bag"" BITCH WTF pic.twitter.com/Mwx2TryEJN — Mac. (@MacAndCheeks) August 15, 2016

At the end of the senseless assault and literal shakedown, Shadon was sent on her way.

THEY ARE NOT EVEN ARRESTING HER FOR ANYTHING. WHY DAWG WHYYYYYY pic.twitter.com/ry6tIlPyJa — Mac. (@MacAndCheeks) August 15, 2016

On Tuesday, @MacAndCheeks posted a brief statement from her on Twitter, noting that Shadon would like to thank everyone for spreading the word.

This is Shadon, 32. Lady assaulted by DCpolice in video I recorded. I met her formally. She wants to thank you ALL. pic.twitter.com/cD0vkZLJAx — Mac. (@MacAndCheeks) August 16, 2016

In a time when police and the citizens are at each other’s throats, conduct such as this only serves to justify that animosity. Until this brutal treatment of innocent people is brought to a halt, we can only expect that hostility to foster.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103841,"

Greensburg, Indiana — Former Greensburg police chief Stacey Chasteen was arrested after admitting to stealing large sums of money from the police department’s property room, and then gambling the money away.

Back in November, Chasten unexpectedly resigned from the police department without giving any explanation. Not long after, it was discovered that over $$72,945 in cash was missing. The money was reportedly seized from an unlicensed massage parlor and then placed in the evidence room for safe keeping.

That wasn’t all that she had stolen either; Chasteen had been stealing from the police department on and off since 2006. When questioned she admitted to every theft past and present, but the police department has not disclosed exactly how much money she admitted to stealing throughout her entire career.

Advertisment

According to court documents, she also tried to cover up her theft by destroying property record receipts and tampering with paperwork.

Chasteen’s husband told police that she had a gambling problem and that she was intending to pay back the money that she had taken from the police department by getting loans from family members.

Chasteen was charged with one count of theft and one count of official misconduct, and turned herself in on Tuesday.

Oddly, just months ago we reported on a similar story, where an NYPD cop scammed his co-workers out of $$40,000 and then disappeared for a week because he was in Atlantic City gambling the money away.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
73312,"“If they can get away with beating me up on national TV for doing nothing, it really makes me scared for what’s going to happen to those in a dark alley when the cameras aren’t shining.”



A jaw-dropping decision by a Maryland circuit court judge epitomizes everything that is wrong with the ‘justice’ system in America today.

Former Prince George’s County police officer James Harrison was found guilty of second-degree assault and was given a one-year suspended sentence in December of 2012 for the brutal beating of a UMD student, which was caught on video in 2010.

Harrison only ended up serving 30 days of home confinement.

Despite being convicted of a felony Harrison was able to retire before the trial and keep his full pension. But that is not the worst of it.

Advertisment

This week ABC7 News reports that Judge Beverly Woodard, an Associate Judge with the Circuit Court for Prince George’s County, has thrown out the conviction all together.

Now, with his felony criminal record cleared, Harrison could be a cop again.

Jack McKenna, the student who was beaten to a pulp by Harrison and another officer for no reason at all, called the judges decision “frightening.”

“It sends a message that they (the police) can do whatever they want,” McKenna, now a second-year law student, said Tuesday. “If they can get away with beating me up on national TV for doing nothing, it really makes me scared for what’s going to happen to those in a dark alley when the cameras aren’t shining.”

Harrison was convicted by a jury of his peers and sentenced. What does it say about the current state of the justice system in America if this criminal can be made into a non-criminal, literally overnight, by a judge who doesn’t even have to give a reason why she did it?

According to Jon Erzen, a spokesman for the Office of the State Attorney, prosecutors were surprised at the judge’s decision too. “They (jurors) said Mr. Harrison’s actions were not acceptable policing and they were criminal,” Erzen told ABC 7 News.

Mckenna received $$2,000,000 in tax payer dollars to drop a civil suit against the Prince George’s County police department but his attorney was apparently fuming after hearing this atrocious news.

“It means that police officers can think they can commit an act, a savage act of brutality, and get away with it,” said lawyer Terrell Roberts.

Well apparently they can….",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
61285,"“They made me feel like I was a gang member pretty much, and they wanted to document every single one of my tattoos”

July 18, 2014

The San Diego Police Department was hit with a lawsuit this week by 30 strippers who say local cops violated their rights during licensing inspections that occurred at two area establishments since 2013.

On Wednesday, attorneys for the dancers formally accused the SDPD officers of causing “emotional distress and pain” by raiding strip clubs, then conducting thorough inspections in which the women were photographed by the police in various stages of undress.

City protocols requires that establishments with nude dancing obtain a permit, and the Los Angeles Times reports that such licenses allow the police to make “regular inspections” at any time.

Advertisment

“The San Diego code mandates we make these inspections,” police spokesman Lt. Kevin Mayer told the Times. “This is not a criminal matter, this is a regulatory matter.”

But while city police say they must keep detailed records of the dancers, including information about any distinctive tattoos, attorneys for the women say officers acted inappropriately when making these inspections.

According to Reuters, an attorney for the plaintiffs said the officers’ “arrogant and demeaning comments and ordered them to expose body parts to ostensibly photograph their tattoos.”

“The police officers had no legitimate safety concerns, nor were the manner of the detentions commensurate with any articulable threat,” remarked lawyer Dan Gilleon.

“They had certain girls just strip down to nothing,” a dancer who goes by the name of Brittany Murphy told a local Fox News affiliate.

Speaking to the Times, Gilleon said officers may be allowed to photograph the employees, but went over the line by detaining them inside of strip clubs for more than an hour against their and “without probably cause.”

“I didn’t know whether it was a bank robbery or there was a serial killer loose the way that they had come in like that,” Rich Buonantony, the manager of Cheetah’s, told 10 News earlier this year after 10 officers swarmed his club “with guns and bulletproof vests” before photographing 30 “almost nude” dancers and “interrupting business for a couple of hours.”

Katelynn Delorie, a dancer who witnessed that raid, explained at the time that police stormed the establishment and then “asked us for our licenses and then took down our Social Security, our information and then had us all line up in the back of the dressing rooms and take pictures.”

“They made me feel like I was a gang member pretty much, and they wanted to document every single one of my tattoos,” she said.

“Either the officers acted maliciously, knowing they were violating claimants’ civil rights or SDPD’s failure to train the officers amounted to deliberate indifference to the claimants’ rights,” Gilleon told the Times this week.

Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages to “punish and to make an example” of the city and Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman, as well as to deter others “from engaging in similar conduct,” the Times reported.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96126,"Matt Agorist

August 4, 2014

In recent years the Department of Homeland security has setup constitutionally questionable “security checkpoints” up to 100 miles inside U.S. Territory.

If you should drive into one of these roadblocks, you are not required to answer the agent’s questions (usually starting with “Are you a United States citizen?”). Nor are you required to consent to any searches.

Advertisment

By refusing to answer these questions you are flexing your rights and showing the establishment that you will not stand for such Nazi-esque tactics. As a free human being you have the right to travel without being subject to unreasonable search and seizure.

Russell Alabama, aka FreedomTrucker, was doing exactly that in the video below, flexing his rights.

This type of refusal to answer questions, while seemingly simple, makes a powerful statement. It is a way of telling the police state that you will not consent to tyranny.

This was FreedomTrucker’s first attempt. Here is how he described it to the Free Thought Project.

Being an over the road truck driver under federal regulations I’d thought I would give the Las Cruces NM border patrol a try. Very nervous and with my Southern drawl I so didn’t answer the Tricky question from the cop about my accent.

Despite the round about attempt of border agents to get Russell to answer, he maintained composure and did not.

Great Job FreedomTrucker, we look forward to seeing your future rights flexing moments!",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
91757,"As if civil asset forfeiture, where police can seize your property without having to prove you actually committed a crime, wasn’t contentious enough already, a new device allows the Oklahoma Highway Patrol to steal money directly from your bank account — on the spot.

And it’s already in use.

The Electronic Recovery and Access to Data Machine, known by the acronym ERAD, can scan your bank account and prepaid cards, giving OHP instant access to the balance — and the funds — if a trooper believes the money is tied to a crime. OHP rolled out 16 ERAD devices in May, and unsurprisingly, has already employed the technology.

You don’t even have to be charged with a crime to be a victim of these badge-wearing armed robbers — which makes OHP’s new ERAD device an astonishing prospect.

Advertisment

“We’re gonna look for different factors in the way that you’re acting,” Oklahoma Highway Patrol Lt. John Vincent told local News 9. “We’re gonna look for if there’s a difference in your story. If there’s some way that we can prove that you’re falsifying information to us about your business.”

What Vincent seems to be saying is OHP will try its damnedest to find a reason to rob you at gunpoint.

“If you can prove that you have a legitimate reason to have that money it will be given back to you. And we’ve done that in the past,” Vincent added.

This reasoning turns the very concept of innocent until proven guilty on its head. And State Sen. Kyle Loveless said cases where police abused this new system have already come to light, including single mothers, a cancer survivor who had their medication seized, a Christian band, and a number of other completely innocent people.

“We’ve seen where the money goes and how it’s misspent,” Loveless said.

In fact, this is intensified policing for profit. News 9 obtained a copy of the contract between the state and ERAD Group, Inc., which shows Oklahoma paying “$$5,000 for the software and scanners, then 7.7 percent of all the cash the highway patrol seizes.”

But law enforcement obstinately claims this isn’t about the money.

“I know a lot of people are just going to focus on the seizing money,” Vincent stated the obvious. “That’s a small thing that’s happening now. The largest part that we have found … the biggest benefit has been the identity theft,” he added without further explanation.

Controversy over civil asset forfeiture (CAF) surrounds the fact law enforcement is under no obligation to prove the property it seizes could in any way be tied to criminal activity. Once police have your property, most departments are free to essentially divvy it up amongst themselves.

Countless cases dot headlines around the country evidence thousands of innocent people as victims of this financial terrorism perpetrated by the government. Police even managed to ‘seize’ $$53,000 from a Christian band, an orphanage, and a church.

Earlier this year, one of the creators of CAF tellingly called for the program to be abolished — and though it was briefly suspended, the Dept. of Justice allowed CAF to resume in April.

Sen. Loveless feels a conviction should be necessary for police to seize money using ERAD, and plans to introduce legislation.

“If I had to err on the side of one versus the other, I would err on the side of the Constitution,” he explained. “And I think that’s what we need to do.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102632,"United Nations Seeks US-based Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Specialists

Mac Slavo

June 25, 2014

It’s no secret that the United Nations, with assistance from members of the Executive and Legislative branches in the United States, has been actively working to reduce Americans’ accessibility to firearms. In 2012 President Obama, along with then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, spearheaded a backdoor move that would have imposed gun control on the United States through foreign means by signing a global disarmament initiative known as the Small Arms Treaty. Though that attempt failed, mass shooting incidents at Sandy Hook and elsewhere have kept the pressure on gun owners with the President having made repeated suggestions that he would mandate gun restrictions through Executive Order should state and federal legislatures fail to act.

Given the rocky history between America’s gun owners and the United Nations, chances are that the push for disarmament will continue with more ferver than ever before. In fact, a recent job posting at the United Nations website suggests that the organization is not only working to get guns out of the hands of American citizens, they are actively preparing personnel to assist in what they call “disarmament, demobilization and reintegration” activities. And if that’s not bad enough, the duty station for this key U.N. Peacekeeping Operations department is New York city, suggesting that the organization believes such operations may be commencing in the United States at some point in the future.

Advertisment

If you’d like to join them in their efforts to confiscate firearms then you can apply directly at the United Nations Career Opportunities page:

Posting Title: Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Officer, P4 Job Code Title: DISARMAMENT, DEMOBILIZATION AND REINTEGRATION OFFICER Department/ Office: Department of Peacekeeping Operations Duty Station: NEW YORK Work Experience: A minimum of seven years of progressively responsible experience in disarmament, demobilisation and reintegration or related area. Experience working within peacekeeping, peace-building or development programmes operations is desirable. Experience with small arms control, conflict/post-conflict crisis management, economic recovery is desirable. Experience coordinating multiple partner agencies, funds or programmes is desirable. Languages: English and French are the working languages of the United Nations Secretariat. For the post advertised, fluency in English is required. Full Listing / Video Commentary

According to the United Nations information page on ‘DDR’ operations, the New York post will involve various aspects related to the process by which a governing organization would confiscate firearms, all of which target what the U.N. calls “small arms.”

Disarmament is the collection, documentation, control and disposal of small arms, ammunition, explosives and light and heavy weapons from combatants and often from the civilian population. Demobilization is the formal and controlled discharge of active combatants from armed forces and groups, including a phase of “reinsertion” which provides short-term assistance to ex-combatants. Reintegration is the process by which ex-combatants acquire civilian status and gain sustainable employment and income. It is a political, social and economic process with an open time-frame, primarily taking place in communities at the local level. The objective of the DDR process is to contribute to security and stability in post-conflict environments so that recovery and development can begin. DDR helps create an enabling environment for political and peace processes by dealing with security problem that arises when ex-combatants are trying to adjust to normal life, during the vital transition period from conflict to peace and development.

Ambassador Faith Whittlesey, a U.S. delegate to the UN Small Arms Conference, warned in 2012 that the organization’s intention is to eventually disarm all Americansin the name of peace.

“In New York, right here on our own shores, we’ve got a Trojan horse. They won’t accept U.S. firearms policy. They want to take the decision away from the U.S. electorate and undermine our Constitution.”

It would seem that the heavy militarization of domestic law enforcement agencies coupled with ‘Doomsday’ legislative actions and Executive Orders designed to seize Americans’ resources and firearms in the event of a declared emergency may be synchronized with the involvement of foreign troops and officials.

Read the Rest of the Article",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89946,"Milwaukee, WI — Milwaukee police sergeant John P. Corbett was recently convicted and sentenced to jail time for driving drunk with his child in the car, and now he is up for a promotion. The 46-year-old police officer allowed his 13-year-old daughter to drive his vehicle while he was drunk, and after getting a slap on the wrist in the court, he still has his job and may even be getting a raise.

According to the police report, Corbett and his daughter took turns behind the wheel throughout the trip, and he took over the drive when she got lost.

Advertisment

Corbett was given a misdemeanor charge of “driving drunk with a child in the car” and only served 30 days on work release. Corbett did receive a 60-day suspension but was able to work while serving his sentence, working his shift at the police department by day, then sleeping in the jail at night. It is important to note that the average citizen would be looking a lengthy prison sentence, steep fines, and they would likely lose their job had then been caught driving drunk with their child in the car.

At the scene, Corbett refused to take a breathalyzer test and then was able to get that dismissed in court as a result of a plea agreement. Again, these are circumstances that would never be granted to the average citizen.

Corbett was seen smiling ear to ear in his mug shot because he knew that he would see no consequences.

According to a scathing report by the Journal Sentinel in 2011, Corbett’s case is par for the course in the Milwaukee PD. JS Online reports:

At least 93 Milwaukee police officers – ranking from street cop to captain – have been disciplined for violating the laws and ordinances they were sworn to uphold, a Journal Sentinel investigation found. Their offenses range from sexual assault and domestic violence to drunken driving and shoplifting, according to internal affairs records. All still work for the Police Department, where they have the authority to make arrests, testify in court and patrol neighborhoods. Officers who run afoul of the law often aren’t fired or prosecuted, the newspaper found.

Milwaukee police spokesman Sgt. Timothy Gauerke said that Corbett and the department have moved on since the incident.

“As a result of the suspension, he lost approximately $$17,000 in pay. He also fulfilled the criminal sanctions set forth by a judge in Fond du Lac County. Having completed the suspension and judicial process he is relieved from further sanctions related to this incident,” Gauerke said in a statement.

Corbett’s promotion was requested by Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn, who wrote that Corbett had been “put through a timely internal vetting process wherein the members’ entire record was reviewed, including disciplines, open and closed investigations, administrative matters (e.g. use of force reports, squad accidents, criminal investigations, citizen complaints), fitness and history with the FPC.”

“I certify that these members are in good standing with the department and suitable for promotion,” the statement concluded.

On Monday, The Civilian Fire and Police Commission will gather for a meeting to decide the status of Corbett’s promotion.

If Corbett does receive the promotion, he will be the second police officer surrounded in controversy to receive a promotion for the Milwaukee Police Department this year. Earlier this year, Officer Richard Ticcioni was promoted to detective, despite the fact that was involved in the arrest of a man who died in police custody.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75229,"(ZH) — A television interview of a top Qatari official confessing the truth behind the origins of the war in Syria is going viral across Arabic social media during the same week a leaked top secret NSA document was published which confirms that the armed opposition in Syria was under the direct command of foreign governments from the early years of the conflict.

And according to a well-known Syria analyst and economic adviser with close contacts in the Syrian government, the explosive interview constitutes a high level “public admission to collusion and coordination between four countries to destabilize an independent state, [including] possible support for Nusra/al-Qaeda.” Importantly, “this admission will help build case for what Damascus sees as an attack on its security & sovereignty. It will form basis for compensation claims.”

A 2013 London press conference: Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabr Al Thani with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry. A 2014 Hillary Clinton email confirmed Qatar as a state-sponsor of ISIS during that same time period.

As the war in Syria continues slowly winding down, it seems new source material comes out on an almost a weekly basis in the form of testimonials of top officials involved in destabilizing Syria, and even occasional leaked emails and documents which further detail covert regime change operations against the Assad government. Though much of this content serves to confirm what has already long been known by those who have never accepted the simplistic propaganda which has dominated mainstream media, details continue to fall in place, providing future historians with a clearer picture of the true nature of the war.

This process of clarity has been aided – as predicted – by the continued infighting among Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) former allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar, with each side accusing the other of funding Islamic State and al-Qaeda terrorists (ironically, both true). Increasingly, the world watches as more dirty laundry is aired and the GCC implodes after years of nearly all the gulf monarchies funding jihadist movements in places like Syria, Iraq, and Libya.

Advertisment

Since 2013 The Intercept (+WaPo?) hid NSA docs showing Saudi ordering 'rebel' attacks on Damascus. Now released. https://t.co/0PZrBKpJCw — Julian Assange 🔹 (@JulianAssange) October 24, 2017

The top Qatari official is no less than former Prime Minister Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani, who oversaw Syria operations on behalf of Qatar until 2013 (also as foreign minister), and is seen below with then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in this Jan. 2010 photo (as a reminder, Qatar’s 2022 World Cup Committee donated $$500,000 to the Clinton Foundation in 2014).

In an interview with Qatari TV Wednesday, bin Jaber al-Thani revealed that his country, alongside Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and the United States, began shipping weapons to jihadists from the very moment events “first started” (in 2011).

Al-Thani even likened the covert operation to “hunting prey” – the prey being President Assad and his supporters – “prey” which he admits got away (as Assad is still in power; he used a Gulf Arabic dialect word, “al-sayda”, which implies hunting animals or prey for sport). Though Thani denied credible allegations of support for ISIS, the former prime minister’s words implied direct Gulf and US support for al-Qaeda in Syria (al-Nusra Front) from the earliest years of the war, and even said Qatar has “full documents” and records proving that the war was planned to effect regime change.

""We argued over the prey and that prey run away"".Ladies and Gentleman: To these people #Syria #Assad was nothing but a f….ing hunting game https://t.co/w4oKO5TTK6 — EHSANI2 (@EHSANI22) October 27, 2017

According to Zero Hedge’s translation, al-Thani said while acknowledging Gulf nations were arming jihadists in Syria with the approval and support of US and Turkey: “I don’t want to go into details but we have full documents about us taking charge [in Syria].” He claimed that both Saudi Arabia’s King Abdullah (who reigned until his death in 2015) and the United States placed Qatar in a lead role concerning covert operations to execute the proxy war.

The former prime minister’s comments, while very revealing, were intended as a defense and excuse of Qatar’s support for terrorism, and as a critique of the US and Saudi Arabia for essentially leaving Qatar “holding the bag” in terms of the war against Assad. Al-Thani explained that Qatar continued its financing of armed insurgents in Syria while other countries eventually wound down large-scale support, which is why he lashed out at the US and the Saudis, who initially “were with us in the same trench.”

In a previous US television interview which was vastly underreported, al-Thani told Charlie Rose when asked about allegations of Qatar’s support for terrorism that, “in Syria, everybody did mistakes, including your country.” And said that when the war began in Syria, “all of use worked through two operation rooms: one in Jordan and one in Turkey.”

Below is the key section of Wednesday’s interview, translated and subtitled by @Walid970721. Zero Hedge has reviewed and confirmed the translation, however, as the original rush translator has acknowledged, al-Thani doesn’t say “lady” but “prey” [“al-sayda”]- as in both Assad and Syrians were being hunted by the outside countries.

#Qatar's ex PM says that Qatari support for jihadists including Nusra in #Syria was in coordination w/ KSA, Turkey & the US via @BBassem7 pic.twitter.com/tu8IMRI7IP — Walid (@walid970721) October 27, 2017

The partial English transcript is as follows:

“When the events first started in Syria I went to Saudi Arabia and met with King Abdullah. I did that on the instructions of his highness the prince, my father. He [Abdullah] said we are behind you. You go ahead with this plan and we will coordinate but you should be in charge. I won’t get into details but we have full documents and anything that was sent [to Syria] would go to Turkey and was in coordination with the US forces and everything was distributed via the Turks and the US forces. And us and everyone else was involved, the military people. There may have been mistakes and support was given to the wrong faction… Maybe there was a relationship with Nusra, its possible but I myself don’t know about this… we were fighting over the prey [“al-sayda”] and now the prey is gone and we are still fighting… and now Bashar is still there. You [US and Saudi Arabia] were with us in the same trench… I have no objection to one changing if he finds that he was wrong, but at least inform your partner… for example leave Bashar [al-Assad] or do this or that, but the situation that has been created now will never allow any progress in the GCC [Gulf Cooperation Council], or any progress on anything if we continue to openly fight.”

As is now well-known, the CIA was directly involved in leading regime change efforts in Syria with allied gulf partners, as leaked and declassified US intelligence memos confirm. The US government understood in real time that Gulf and West-supplied advanced weaponry was going to al-Qaeda and ISIS, despite official claims of arming so-called “moderate” rebels. For example, a leaked 2014 intelligence memo sent to Hillary Clinton acknowledged Qatari and Saudi support for ISIS.

The email stated in direct and unambiguous language that:

“the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.”

Furthermore, one day before Prime Minister Thani’s interview, The Intercept released a new top-secret NSA document unearthed from leaked intelligence files provided by Edward Snowden which show in stunning clarity that the armed opposition in Syria was under the direct command of foreign governments from the early years of the war which has now claimed half a million lives.

The newly released NSA document confirms that a 2013 insurgent attack with advanced surface-to-surface rockets upon civilian areas of Damascus, including Damascus International Airport, was directly supplied and commanded by Saudi Arabia with full prior awareness of US intelligence. As the former Qatari prime minister now also confirms, both the Saudis and US government staffed “operations rooms” overseeing such heinous attacks during the time period of the 2013 Damascus airport attack.

No doubt there remains a massive trove of damning documentary evidence which will continue to trickle out in the coming months and years. At the very least, the continuing Qatari-Saudi diplomatic war will bear more fruit as each side builds a case against the other with charges of supporting terrorism. And as we can see from this latest Qatari TV interview, the United States itself will not be spared in this new open season of airing dirty laundry as old allies turn on each other.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96899,"Alaska — An eight-inch pipeline in Alaska’s Cook Inlet has been belching up to 310,000 cubic feet of methane into the ocean each day, for more than three months — but it could be May before anyone can shut it down.

In December, Hilcorp Alaska’s pipeline ruptured and began spewing an enormous quantity of methane into the ocean — but the leak went unreported to the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration until a helicopter pilot spotted frothing and bubbling at the surface on February 7.

“PHMSA said that the natural gas discharge could pose a risk to public safety, the environment and marine mammals and has given Hilcorp until May 1 to permanently repair the line or shut it down,” EcoWatch reports.

By May, another 16 million gallons of the environmentally-deleterious gas could empty into the sea, conservation groups admonished — several of which submitted a letter exhorting the Trump administration for an immediate shutdown.

“This dangerous leak could stop immediately if regulators did their job and shut down this rickety old pipeline,” asserted Miyoko Sakashita, oceans program director for the Center for Biological Diversity, on the crippled 52-year-old structure. “We’re disgusted with the Trump administration’s lack of concern about this ongoing disaster. Every day the leak continues, this pipeline spews more pollution into Cook Inlet and threatens endangered belugas and other wildlife.”

Advertisment

CBD and the other groups warned a leak of methane this voluminous could create a hypoxic, or low-oxygen, zone, among other dangers — likely posing an “imminent threat” to endangered beluga whales, wildlife, and the delicate ecosystem.

As methane shoots upward from 80 feet below the surface, the primary plume remains potent while some gas diffuses into the water. Bacteria metabolize this diffuse methane using oxygen — resulting in a low oxygen content area — and produce carbon dioxide, which then also raises the acidity level of the sea.

“Those high concentrations of methane can have direct impacts on any organisms that might come in contact with water that’s supersaturated with methane,” explained Chris Sabine, a chemical oceanographer with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, cited by InsideClimate News.

A Russian toxicologist wrote in a 1999 book on the environmental impact of the offshore oil and gas industry that methane quickly penetrates ocean organisms and can “disturb” critical life functions — meaning the inlet’s creatures could be in serious trouble.

But no one knows for sure.

“It’s a question of how quickly the concentrations are being diluted, and at what levels will they still impact the marine ecosystems,” Sabine said. “That’s where we don’t know enough yet.”

Indeed, a dearth of critical information — from where, precisely, the leak is emanating and its impact on the ecosystem — remains obscured due to the heavy ice cover and rough seas also preventing crews from remedying the issue. Scientists worry this could be the making of yet another oil and gas industry catastrophe.

“It’s like a perfect storm of conditions that would encourage or enhance the diffusion of the methane into the waters,” Sabine noted. “And that’s a bad thing for the water and for the organisms that live in it.”

InsideClimate News reports Hilcorp Alaska maintains the pipeline cannot be shut off “without risking further environmental damage, and it won’t be able to begin to fix it until the ice melts in late March or April. Ice in the inlet isn’t a solid sheet, but is in large, floating chunks that are constantly moving and changing, in part due to the tides in Cook Inlet, which are among the highest in the world. The tides can be as high as 35 feet, making it too risky to send divers into the water. The delay raises concerns about long-term repercussions.”

Sea ice might also be trapping the methane below the surface, concentrating the gas with untold ramifications for the ocean and wildlife.

Notably, this pipeline — which transports gas from land to power four platforms situated in Cook Inlet — has been a thorn in Hilcorp Alaska’s side before.

“This is the third time this pipeline has sprung a leak in recent years,” the Center for Biological Diversity penned, “and the two other leaks were reported in 2014. The pipeline was built in 1965, and there are serious questions about the pipeline’s integrity given its age and Cook Inlet’s strong tides and cold waters.”

Both CBD and Cook Inletkeeper, frustrated and fearful of the ice delay, have sent Hilcorp Alaska notices of intent to sue over the presently-unstoppable leak.

“If Hilcorp cannot or will not stop polluting our public resources, then it should have no right to operate in our waters in the first place,” Cook Inletkeeper executive director Bob Shavelson stressed earlier this month. “Hilcorp has put forth various excuses why it cannot shut down the leaking pipeline in Cook Inlet’s icy conditions — including that water would infiltrate the gas line and other reasons — but the fact remains Hilcorp simply wants to maintain production and profits without interruption.”

Until Hilcorp Alaska moves to shut down the pipeline or fix the raging leak, methane will continue erupting from beneath the sea unhindered — marking another reckless disaster courtesy of Big Oil’s shameless profiteering and toothless government regulatory agencies siding most often with corporations guilty of grievous errors.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102746,"Miami, FL — The former director of the Economic and Social Assistance Fund (FAES), Klaus Eberwein, was declared deceased this week by the Miami Medical Examiner’s office from a bullet wound to the head. He was set to testify before a Haiti Senate Committee on the management of the PetroCaribe fund and to alleged misappropriation of international donor funds by the Clinton Foundation — the next day.

According to the Miami Herald,

Eberwein, a former Haitian government official, was found dead Tuesday in a South Dade motel room in what the Miami-Dade medical examiner’s office is ruling a suicide. “He shot himself in the head,” said Veronica Lamar, Miami-Dade medical examiner records supervisor. She listed his time of death at 12:19 p.m. The address where Eberwein’s body was discovered according to police, 14501 S. Dixie Hwy., is a Quality Inn. A supporter of former Haitian President Michel Martelly, Eberwein served as director general of the government’s economic development agency, Fonds d’assistance économique et social, better known as FAES. He held the position from May 2012 until February 2015 when he was replaced. He was also a partner in a popular pizza restaurant in Haiti, Muncheez, and has a pizza — the Klaus Special — named after him. “It’s really shocking,” said Muncheez’s owner Gilbert Bailly. “We grew up together; he was like family.” Bailly said he last spoke to Eberwein, 50, two weeks ago and he was in good spirits. They were working on opening a Muncheez restaurant in Sunrise, he said.

Eberwein was scheduled to appear Tuesday before the Haitian Senate’s Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission, the head of the commission, Sen. Evalière Beauplan (Nord-Ouest/PONT) confirmed. The commission is investigating the management of PetroCaribe funds. He was also widely expected to testify that the Clinton Foundation misappropriated Haiti earthquake donations from international donors, according to the Haiti Sentinel.

Eberwein’s death would not be so suspicious if there weren’t so many other deaths involving people who were involved with exposing information on the Clintons.

Advertisment

As the Free Thought Project reported this week, a GOP operative and donor from the Chicago area, Peter W. Smith, who was investigating and working to obtain Hillary Clinton’s “missing” emails from Russian hackers allegedly killed himself in a Rochester, Minnesota hotel room only days after discussing his efforts with the Wall Street Journal, according to public records.

Smith allegedly put a plastic bag over his own head and filled it with helium gas until he died.

Records show that Smith’s death occurred at the Aspen Suites in Rochester, and they list the cause of death as “asphyxiation due to displacement of oxygen in confined space with helium.” Police allege that Smith used a plastic bag and a helium tank to kill himself.

Before Smith, however, other bodies were piling up who had dealings with the Clintons.

As the Gateway Pundit reports, On July 3, 2016, Shawn Lucas and filmmaker Ricardo Villaba served the DNC Services Corp. and Chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz at DNC’s headquarters in Washington, D.C., in the fraud class action suit against the Democrat Party on behalf of Bernie Sanders supporters.

Days later he was found dead. Details of how he died have yet to be made public.

Former U.N. President John Ashe is another one of the bodies to “conveniently” perish just before a high profile court date tied to the Clintons.

After Ashe was found dead, the U.N. claimed that he had died of a heart attack, according to the New York Post’s Page Six. Suspiciously, however, that claim was later disputed by local police officers in Dobbs Ferry, New York, who noted that Ashe had crushed his own throat while working out.

Also, Democratic National Committee Staffer Seth Rich was murdered on July 10, 2016, and despite the public attention surrounding his death—and the possibility that he was the source who leaked thousands of DNC emails to WikiLeaks—no one has been held responsible for his murder.

He was just 27 years old, and was working as the voter expansion data director for the DNC in Washington D.C. Rich was shot twice in the back while he was walking home around 4:20 a.m., and the “official story” has always been that he was the victim of a botched robbery—yet even though he was killed, he was still found with his wallet, containing all of his cash and credit cards, and his expensive watch.

While there is no explicit evidence linking the untimely deaths of all these individuals together, the fact that they were all tied to the Clintons should not be ignored. To think that people who wage wars–in which thousands of innocent civilians are slaughtered–would be above taking out a handful of people who could expose their crimes is naive at best.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74022,"London, England — (RT) Swedish Chief Prosecutor Ingrid Isgren has arrived at Ecuador’s London embassy to question WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange, following a prolonged deadlock in an alleged rape case opened in Sweden more than six years ago.

Assange has been residing in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since claiming political asylum back in 2012, when Sweden issued a European arrest warrant for him. An Ecuadorean prosecutor is interviewing Assange, asking questions the Swedish side had submitted previously. The interview is attended by Sweden’s chief prosecutor Ingred Isgren. Swedish police inspector Cecilia Redell is also reportedly to be present. Both are allowed to ask for clarifications to Assange’s responses, but not put any fresh questions forward.

Assange’s answers will be transcribed and sent to the Swedish authorities for processing. If he consents to it, a DNA sample will also be taken from him.

Advertisment

Assange’s lawyer Per Samuelsson said the questioning could last for several days, adding that it was too early to say what the meeting will bring about and what information revealed by Assange would be made public, AFP reported.

Swedish moves to interview Julian Assange in embassy welcomed by Ecuador https://t.co/hSiicWTQ2Y By @AlanJonesPA pic.twitter.com/mQN5jx7cRG — Press Association (@PA) November 13, 2016

Ecuador’s foreign minister Guillaume Long told the Press Association that he was “pleased” with the perspective of the interview at last.

“This is something that Ecuador has been inviting the Swedish prosecutors to do ever since we granted asylum to Mr. Assange in 2012.

“What we have asked from Sweden and the UK are guarantees that Mr. Assange will not be extradited to a third country where he could be persecuted for his work as a journalist,” Long said.

Throughout the years, Assange has not been charged with any offense under Swedish law but was sought for questioning over complaints of sexual assault by two women in 2010. He has been sought for questioning on allegations of four counts of sexual misconduct, which he repeatedly denied and three of which have now expired under Sweden’s Statute of Limitations. Technically free to leave the embassy, the WikiLeaks founder, however, decided to stay, repeatedly raising concerns over Swedish demands that he be questioned in person, as he feared the prosecutors, in fact, want to extradite him to the United States.

There he faces questioning and potentially charges over his whistleblowing activities, as the FBI is investigating him for ‘espionage.’ The investigation revolves around the Iraq War leaks, sent to WikiLeaks by former US Army Private Chelsea Manning. She is currently serving a 35-year jail sentence for the leaks. With current US President Barack Obama reluctant to clear Assange, his supporters have turned to President-elect Donald Trump with a petition requesting him to pardon the whistleblowers.

Political activist and artist Clark Stoeckly told RT it would be wise for the incoming president to let Assange off the hook as it would draw liberals to Trump’s side.

“Julian is due to have some freedom so that he can continue to do the work he sought to do. If Obama doesn’t make the decision to pardon Manning, Assange, and Snowden, he continues to live with this legacy of being the president who started a war on whistleblowers. It’s going to be in Trump’s hands to take that prize and fight for truth. And I think it would certainly change the way the liberals and those on the left view Trump,” Stoeckly said.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96186,"Proving they are only there to protect the establishment, police took no action as people were assaulted directly in front of them.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48355,"In a valiant display of chivalry and heroism, UVU Police saved the day when they arrests a 48 year old college staffer for fixing a map that was on a wall incorrectly.

We can now all sleep well at night knowing that police are so concerned about our safety that they will initiate force against a woman in her 40’s for the heinous crime of helping students get to class.

According to CBS12, UTAH — A Utah Valley University employee and student, was arrested, slammed into a wall, and tossed to the ground. This was in part because of a small change she made to an incorrect wall map inside one of the buildings of UVU.

Advertisment

Ginger Anderson, 48 who works in the information center at the university and is also attending the school, says on the first day of classes back in January she noticed many new students were having trouble getting to classes because of a wall map inside the Browning building. The map in question was being displayed upside down.

Anderson, who spends much of her work day directing students to their proper classes, informed a university employee that the map was incorrect. The employee then used a marker to make some changes to the map, soon after so did Anderson.

She says she corrected the compass, and wrote in marker that the map was upside down. Two days later a couple officers from the UVU police department visited her and told her they intended to arrest her for criminal mischief. A shocked Anderson refused to go with officers to the police department and was thrown to the grown and arrested.

She says the department used unwarranted force and complained. The Utah County Sheriff’s Office conducted an independent review and found that Anderson was resisting, both passively and actively, and found that the officers did not break any laws, or violate protocol.

The question here is, how can these cops feel that they are somehow providing a service when acting like complete mafia cronies? The mentality that it takes NOT to question such an arbitrary show of force is unnerving to say the least.

Will these robotic costumed thugs enforce anything they are told? Unfortunately, yes they will.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104255,"It can be tempting to look at the all-powerful, masked vigilantes in movies as the heroes we need to save the world. It’s wired into our culture to venerate such figures, and to hope for them even though we know, of course, that they don’t actually exist.

But even if such entities were real, there would be enormous problems with relying on them to protect us. What we need to protect ourselves is not a savior from outside, but for ordinary people to step up and defend what they care about.

A costumed vigilante would cause many of the same problems as a police force. First off, he or she would be one central authority force, to whom others looked for defense. There’s no need to learn sharpshooting or martial arts when you can just rely on Batman to save you. But just as one problem with government police is that they encourage citizens to simply hide behind the elusive safety of 9-1-1 rather than stand up and defend themselves, so a costumed superhero would encourage people to simply wait for him or her to save them.

Advertisment

Second, this central authority could not be everywhere, any more than police can. In fact, being one person, his ability to respond rapidly to crimes would be even less than that of police. Batman may be able to clean up Gotham, but he does so by hunting down criminals post-crime, not by stopping them in the middle of hurting their victims. In a crime-ridden city, for every criminal Bruce Wayne stopped in the middle of a crime, ten others would get away. He could hunt them down, but that would be cold comfort to their victims.

What we need is not a central authority figure behind which we can hide. What we need is a fluid, flexible, decentralized protection system that empowers ordinary people to stand up and care for those around them.

Enter Peacekeeper.

Peacekeeper is the world’s first decentralized protection system. It’s an app (version 2.0 is in active development), but it’s more than an app.

Peacekeeper 2.0 is at heart a mindset and a set of tools. First, the mindset. Peacekeepers may be trained in combat or other emergency response, but that alone isn’t enough. Police are trained to fight, and stories of police abuse are erupting across the United States. What sets Peacekeepers apart is their attitude and self-selection.

When you’re in an emergency, you can tap the Peacekeeper app and send an alert to every app user in the area. Some people won’t respond. But the ones who do will be the ones you need. They’ll be the ones who see your situation—be it a robbery or a child drowning in a pool, a sexual assault or a fire—and decide to help. That self-selection is powerful. They’ll come to help knowing what they’re getting into. They’ll be focused on helping you, not just exerting force with no accountability. They’ll have the skills and the dedication to help.

Second, Peacekeeper 2.0 is a set of tools. If you want to stand up and protect your loved ones and your community, those people can use the app to let you know when they’re in danger. This creates a powerful emergency response system in which the right people can see crimes happening around them, in real time, and move to help.

You may have already heard of Peacekeeper. The first version app launched last year. It was a hit, but it also had some glaring problems. Bugs. Small, limited networks. They’ve learned from their mistakes and they’re building Peacekeeper 2.0 to be bigger, more powerful, and more effective at giving people the tools they need to stand up to violence.

Imagine a world with Peacekeeper 2.0. In which you had the tools to protect those around you. Or, if you’re in danger, in which help is as close as the nearest Peacekeeper. In which a decentralized, fluid, flexible cadre of men and women could keep their loved ones and their communities safe—safer than the police are keeping them, safer even than a Marvel hero could.

In the Dark Knight, Bruce Wayne wanted to clean up the city, but not by single-handedly cracking every criminal’s skull. Rather, he wanted to inspire people to stand up to evil themselves. If he were a real character, he’d be a fan of Peacekeeper.

Right now, Peacekeeper 2.0 is just a vision. They’re launching an Indiegogo to fully fund app development and to get the resources to take Peacekeeper to every community in America. If you’d like to help turn this vision into a reality, check out their page and contribute today.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48361,"Miami Gardens, FL — On February 15, Lavall Hall had a schizophrenic episode when he grabbed a broom and then went outside in his underwear. Unable to get her son back inside, Hall’s mother called the police for assistance to get her son back to the hospital, as he was only released one week prior.

Hall’s mother says that the police were aware of her son’s condition as they had responded to calls for medical assistance at her home in the past, and that she repeatedly told the officers that he was schizophrenic and bipolar on this evening.

“Don’t hurt my child,” the mother asked the officers before the encounter.

The officers were heard mocking her plea in the video of the shooting, released in April.

The department claims that Hall attacked officers with the broomstick and that two officers had fired tasers at him which were ineffective. The family maintains that this was a murder and that the police had no intention of leaving the scene with him alive.

Advertisment

In the video, the officer is heard screaming “get on the f—ing ground or you’re dead.” He then fires his service weapon pointed slightly downwards four times, then moving closer for a fifth shot.

Hall is not seen in the frame. After repeatedly shooting Hall, the officer callously screams at the fatally injured man to put his hands behind his back.

“I was outraged, furious, devastated and very emotional. They killed him, murdered him,” Melissa Edwards, the mother of Hall’s 8-year-old daughter stated.

Witnesses have publicly stated that Hall did not have the broom in his hand when he was gunned down.

“When I look he ain’t have nothing in his hand,” Hall’s next-door neighbor Tyrone Bennett told WLRN. “He had on boxers and a undershirt.”

Gregorio Marmolejo, also told reporters that he saw Hall’s body on the ground after he was shot, but did not see a broom.

The family and their attorneys gave a press conference prior to releasing the footage last April, and stressed that while Hall was black, they wanted to focus on police lack of care or proper training when handling situations involving the mentally ill.

To add to the injustice of Hall’s killing by police who couldn’t get an unarmed man under control without deadly force, the officer who pulled the trigger, Eddo Trimino, will not face charges.

On Thursday, according to Local 10 News, Miami-Dade County state attorney’s office spokesman Ed Griffith announced that Trimino was justified in killing Hall, because ‘they had no choice.’

Trimino’s justification for using deadly force was under Florida’s “fleeing felon law,” which allows officers to shoot someone who is suspected of a felony, according to Local 10 News.

Every single day, in mental health hospitals across the United States, patients become violent and aggressive with staff. Amazingly enough, the staff at these hospitals, which is made up of unarmed men and women, are able to de-escalate the situation — without killing anyone.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102845,"Flex Your Rights is an amazing organization; they have selflessly promoted civil rights for well over a decade. Now they are doing something really awesome!

Flex Your Rights is giving away 10 free HD dashcams to 10 aspiring Dashcam Heroes!

You probably already know why it’s important to film the police. If you follow Flex on Facebook and Twitter, you’ve seen stories where dashcam footage reveals police covering up abuse or falsifying charges against innocent people.

Long story short, there’s nothing in the world that can cut through a web of police lies like video can. That’s why our dear friend and supporter Mark Wood has donated 10 top-of-the-line dashcams for this contest.

The Prize

Mark and I did our homework, and in our opinion the dual-view dashcam from DashcamDiaries.com is the best device on the market for under $$200. (Enter FLEX10 promotional code to get $$10.00 off your order at DashcamDiaries.com.)

Advertisment

Its killer feature is the dual-camera action. One camera captures the view through your windshield. The second camera simultaneously covers you, the driver.

How to Enter & Win

To qualify to win this dashcam, I need you to do 2 things before the March 21, 2014 entry deadline.

STEP 1: Written Essay

Describe the following in 1700 characters (about 300 words) or less.

Why do you need a dashcam? For example, do you get pulled over a lot? Do you think police are profiling you? Tell us your story.

Be sure to include what you think is the most important rights-flexing tip if you get pulled over.

STEP 2: YouTube Video Essay

Please share a brief (90 seconds max) YouTube version of your essay. (Include link to your video in entry form below.)

Title your video “[Your First & Last Name]: Dashcam Hero Contestant” For example, I’d title my YouTube entry “Steve Silverman: Dashcam Hero Contestant”

Your video doesn’t have to be fancy. A basic webcam video is perfectly fine.

All I need to see is that you’re comfortable talking to a camera. Because if you do capture dashcam footage of police abusing your rights — you’ve got to be willing to look into a local news camera and tell your story to the world. That’s what being a Dashcam Hero is all about!

Dashcam Entry Form First & Last Name*

City & State*

Contact Email (enter twice to confirm)* Enter Email Confirm Email

Why do you need a dashcam?* 0 of 1700 max characters Submission Tip: Use paragraph breaks to make it more readable.

YouTube Video Essay Link* Submission Tip: Don’t forget to properly title your YouTube video. (See above.)

Do we have permission to share your story on FlexYourRights.org?* Yes! Box must be checked to complete form.



Contest Rules & Eligibility

Eligibility

The contest is open to legal residents of the United States and Canada. Entrants must be able to prove that they have a current license to operate a motor vehicle. Entrants may also be asked to prove that they have car insurance.

Entry period

The contest entry period begins Wednesday, March 12, 2014 and ends midnight (EST) Friday, March 21, 2014. Winners will be announced by April 1, 2014.

How to enter

Complete all the above fields using the entry form above. After you hit “Enter” you should receive an email confirming your entry. If you don’t receive a confirmation email, check your spam filter to make sure it didn’t end up there. After submitting the required information on the entry form, you’ll receive one (1) entry into the drawing.

How winners will be selected

Winners will be selected by Flex Your Rights staff.

Prize information

Winners will be contacted by email. Cameras will be mailed via USPS once we receive your address and confirm your eligibility (see above). The camera kit will include a complimentary SD card, so you won’t need to purchase any additional items to use it.

How we’ll use your personal information

By entering the contest you grant Flex Your Rights permission to share your YouTube and written essays on the Flex Your Rights website and future marketing materials. We will not share your email or other personal information. However your email will be automatically subscribed to receive the Flex Your Rights newsletter. (You, of course, may unsubscribe anytime.)

Visit Flex Your Rights.org for more information.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74347,"– sponsored content by

If you’re an American citizen, then the government has a personal file on you. Think of it like your permanent record from your grade school days. These records contain highly sensitive personal information about you such as where you live, your contact info, your relatives and associates, arrest records, and even speeding tickets. But what many people don’t know, is that this information is all considered “public record,”—and anyone can access it.

Now, a controversial new site is taking things a step further by gathering these records together and posting them online, so anyone with a computer and Internet access can see them.

You’re probably wondering what exactly is in your public file that other people can access. Brace yourself because this information goes A LOT deeper than you’d think.

Here are 5 shocking personal details about you that are online right now that anyone can access through just a quick online background check.

Advertisment

1) Personal Information

One of the reasons these online background check sites are so popular, is because they can uncover a shocking amount of personal information on just about anyone. Here are just some examples of what might come up.

Your full name

A complete history of where you’ve lived, including past and current addresses ( it even has pictures of your house!! and detailed info about your neighborhood)

and detailed info about your neighborhood) An estimate of your home’s value

Your birthdate

Your age

Your astrological sign

Your relatives and associates

Your close friends (this can also include current and former boyfriends and girlfriends, anyone who you’ve had close ties to can appear on this list)

But that’s not all. This site could even pull up contact info like your phone number. If someone were trying to hide from you, it’d be impossible once you looked them up on this site. It’s actually a little scary to think about how much of your personal data is out there on the Internet for almost anyone to find.

Click here to see how exposed you are.

2) Online Activity And Accounts

Believe it or not, personal information is just one section of a report—there’s a lot more that comes after it. This site scours the deep web to uncover details about your online activity. It can find profiles you’ve made on social media platforms, pull up accounts you’ve created on dating sites, and more. Your usernames, photos and videos of you, and more could all be uncovered in just seconds.

In addition to your online activity, this website could reveal things on the Internet you don’t even remember posting – like those embarrassing photos from high school you forgot about. Has someone tagged you in a photo or posted a video of you somewhere without letting you know? Don’t you want to see what’s out there about you? I know I would.

Protect your online reputation today, and see what’s on the Internet about you!

3) Driving Tickets

Ever been issued a speeding ticket? Or maybe you were caught running a red light? Hardly anyone has a squeaky clean driving record. (I know I’ve definitely been busted for doing a California stop a few times.) Well, those traffic tickets you’ve racked up over the years could be part of your permanent, public file. Anyone who runs an online background check on you might be able to find them!

Are your traffic tickets posted online? Click here to find out.

4) Criminal Records

If you’ve ever been arrested, charged, or convicted of a crime, those records are all part of your public file, too. Even if it was just a minor offense, like jaywalking or violating an open container law it could show up if someone looked you up. Any sort of criminal history you might have, from a DUI, to misdemeanors, to felonies could be in your background report for ANYONE to see.

Would you pass a background check? Find out here.

5) Professional Licenses

Certain types of professional licenses issued to you by the government are a matter of public record. Specifically, FAA and DEA licenses can also be included in a background report.

Just imagine how much of your personal information could be posted online for other people to see. Knowing what’s in your online background report is crucial to protecting yourself, your family, and your reputation in this day and age.

You need to know what your background check will reveal. You’ll never know until you do a search.

Don’t ignore your online reputation any longer. I urge you to take the next 5 minutes and do a search on yourself to find out once and for all what your report says about you.

Do a search now to find out what public records will reveal about you. Other people may have already looked you up. Don’t you want to know what they found? Find out today!

To start your search, click here.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103186,"Rio Rancho, NM — Ben Anthony C de Baca has a history of mental illness. But, he was able to maintain a relatively normal lifestyle until September of last year when doctors changed his medication. According to C de Baca’s wife, he’d been “acting very paranoid all week,” and while the couple was in a McDonald’s drive-thru, his “schizophrenic episodes” came to a head. Only 12 minutes after his episode began, C de Baca’s lifeless body would be laid out on the ground in front of a Walmart, in shackles — killed by police.

The incident started as C de Baca thought someone was in the trunk of his and his wife’s vehicle. So, to humor him, his wife got out to open the trunk and show him no one was there. However, instead of watching his wife, C de Baca moved his leg into the driver’s seat and slammed on the gas, ramming a car.

He then got out and ran to a nearby Walmart where he began acting irrationally and throwing things down on the ground.

“‘You are all murderers, you killed my kid’ and other things that didn’t make sense,” a Wal-Mart employee told police, describing the C de Baca’s breakdown.

Because of the Walmart’s central location to multiple jurisdictions, three police departments showed up. As one department tended to the wreck outside, two went inside the Walmart to apprehend C de Baca.

Body cam footage shows police bring him to the floor and place him in handcuffs.

“Stand up or we’re going to drag you out, one way or another,” an officer is seen telling the restrained man. At this point, police say C de Baca allegedly bit one of the officers on the leg — a move that would lead to this sick man’s death.

“A fucking bite mark, dude,” the officer is heard telling another on camera. “This cunt fuck bit the fuck out of me, dude. I had to punch his ass off of me.”

Advertisment

Officers then dragged C de Baca outside where they laid him face down, shackled his legs, knelt down on his back, and incorrectly placed a spit sock over his face.

“I can’t breathe,” he said.

“Anthony, what’s your date of birth?” the officer asked, ignoring the fact that C de Baca was suffocating. “I can’t breathe,” C de Baca repeated. “What’s your date of birth?” the officer asked again as his fellow officers continue to apply pressure to C De Baca’s back, slowly squeezing the air from his lungs. “I’m dying,” C de Baca pleads, but his words fell on deaf ears as cops began making penis jokes. “He hit bone?” an officer asked, alluding to the bitten officer’s genitals. “Always with the jokes,” the bitten officer said, noting that the bite did not even break the skin.

The officers on the scene were still cracking themselves up, ignoring C de Baca’s pleas for help until they finally realized he’d gone limp under the pressure of all their knees and hands.

“Anthony,” one cop said as he pulled at C de Baca’s arm. “Anthony.”

“Fuck,” another cop said. Ben Anthony C de Baca was dead.

“You alright?” the callous cop asked his friend, entirely unconcerned with the fact that they just seemingly killed a man.

“Yeah, I’m good, dude,” he answered. “I fucking hate when people put us in a position like that.” READ MORE: Cop Tasers Injured Hit and Run Victim, as he Starts Seizing, Cop Says “Quit Resisting”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95888,"The International Association of Chiefs of Police and 10 other law enforcement groups have put forward a proposal which includes new directives on the use of force. One disturbing aspect of this new directive is a renewed call to allow police to fire warning shots while pursuing suspects.

The new proposal is highly controversial, even among police officers.

Lou Hayes Jr., a police officer and representative of the Virtus Group, told NPR, “The idea of warning shots has been prohibited for decades in policing. And to now open the door up again is pretty eye-opening.”

Advertisment

Warning shots were used by police in the US until the 1960’s and 70’s when concerns about stray bullets and accidental misfires caused many departments to ban the practice.

According to the new guidelines, there are 3 conditions that dictate the conditions in which warning shots can be used.

The 3 conditions are the following:

The use of deadly force is justified; The warning shot will not pose a substantial risk of injury or death to the officer or others The officer reasonably believes that the warning shot will reduce the possibility that deadly force will have to be used.

These guidelines are faulty and incomplete at best and seem to just give the officer discretion to fire in almost any situation that he or she deems necessary. Guideline #2 states that the warning shot will not pose a risk to any bystanders. However, how could an officer possibly know where the bullet is going to land when they fire a shot into the air?

Massad Ayoob, a police officer and firearms trainer, pointed out that “When you raise the gun and blindly fire, you don’t know where that bullet will land. A few decades ago I followed a case in New England where the guy raised his gun, fired what he thought was into the air, and the bullet struck and killed someone on the top floor porch of a nearby tenement building. Movies show people firing a shot in the air and the running man stops. And that just ain’t how it happens in real life.”

Indiscriminately firing shots into the air is dangerous and reckless, this is why it is illegal for people to fire their guns in the air during New Year’s, Fourth of July or other holiday celebrations because there have been countless incidences of stray bullets hitting innocent people. The fact that it is a police officer firing a gun in pursuit of a suspect, does not make firing shots into the air any more safe or reasonable.

You can listen to the interview below:

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74900,"Despite the fact that over half of the states in the country have legalized cannabis in some form, the federal government still insists that the plant—which has been found to treat a variety of diseases—is one of the most dangerous substances available, with no medicinal value.

Lawmakers in the state of California are now calling out the hypocrisy and calling for the government to reclassify cannabis. A joint resolution that received overwhelming support from the California Assembly, with a vote of 60-10, called for reclassification in order to allow for research that is currently banned with cannabis labeled as a Schedule I substance.

“The Legislature urges the Congress of the United States to pass a law to reschedule marijuana or cannabis and its derivatives from a Schedule I drug to an alternative schedule, therefore allowing the legal research and development of marijuana or cannabis for medical use and allowing for the legal commerce of marijuana or cannabis so that businesses dealing with marijuana or cannabis can use traditional banks or financial institutions for their banking needs, which would result in providing a legal vehicle for those businesses to pay their taxes, including, but not limited to, payroll taxes, unsecured property taxes, and applicable taxes on the products sold in accordance with state and local laws.”

California became the first state to legalize cannabis for medicinal use in 1996. But it was not until last November that it was legalized in the state for recreational use.

Advertisment

As the resolution notes, cannabis has been “studied worldwide outside the United States for years” and has shown “efficacy for various conditions, such as wasting syndrome, as an antinauseant in those taking chemotherapy, Glaucoma (reduces intraocular pressure), Epilepsy (anti-seizure properties), migraine headaches and other types of pain, and anxiety.”

The Free Thought Project has provided extensive coverage of the healing power of cannabis, with groundbreaking studies such as a study that concluded cannabis can stop HIV from becoming AIDS; a study that confirmed that the majority of cannabis users give up prescription opiate medications; and a study that confirmed that cannabis has a “significant” effect on killing cancer cells.

However, it should be noted that while the U.S. government continues to attempt to limit cannabis by keeping it a “Schedule I” substance, the government actually holds the patent to cannabis as medicine, affirming its value.

In addition to the opportunity for research, California’s joint resolution argued that cannabis should be rescheduled, because its current restrictions under federal law make it so that dispensaries and cannabis businesses “are unable to legally use traditional banking institutions.” As a result, “many vendors resort to the black market and involvement of organized crime making communities less safe.”

“Concerns about the criminality and forfeiture provisions in federal law impede traditional banking institutions from doing business with potential clients cultivating, researching, selling, or utilizing marijuana or cannabis and its derivatives, therefore making marijuana commerce very difficult. … The inability to use traditional banking institutions impedes local and state government from adequately monitoring true marijuana or cannabis utilization and shortchanges the respective taxes owed to taxing agencies, potentially costing state and local governments hundreds of millions of dollars in lost tax income.”

As TFTP reported earlier this month, the inability to use a traditional bank is currently being used as an excuse in Florida, where local lawmakers are pushing back against the public, and looking for reasons to prohibit the medical cannabis dispensaries that were approved by the vast majority of voters.

According to the results from a Harvard-Harris Poll that was published last month, 86 percent of Americans now support some form of cannabis legalization. With the overwhelming majority of Americans viewing cannabis as the plant that it is—instead of the terrifying gateway drug the federal government has made it out to be—it raises the question of whether other states will join California in demanding that Congress finally listen to the American public.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
92443,"Legal cannabis sales have exploded in North America, experiencing unprecedented 30 percent growth in 2016, totaling a massive $$6.7 billion — a greater and faster economic boom than even the oft-heralded dot-com era.

Even more positive — particularly for cannabis purveyors and eager consumers — Forbes reports, assuming compound annual growth of 25 percent, sales are projected to top $$20.2 billion in just the next four years.

As the outlet explains:

Advertisment

“To put this in perspective, this industry growth is larger and faster than even the dot-com era. During that time, GDP grew at a blistering pace of 22%. Thirty percent is an astounding number especially when you consider that the industry is in early stages.”

ArcView Market Research published the eye-popping report — using data from BDS Analytics, with access to individual customer transactions from dispensary partners — and included Canada for the first time as the nation makes its nascent foray into the legal cannabis landscape.

“One of the biggest stories was the alternative forms of ingestion,” ArcView CEO Troy Dayton told Forbes. “Concentrates and edibles are becoming customer favorites versus traditional smoking.”

Dayton, impressed by the bewildering figures, expressed trepidation over the future of the legal cannabis market under the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump — but he remains optimistic.

“It’s one of the few things he has been consistent on,” the ArcView head said of the incoming president’s states’ rights position on legalizing cannabis.

Right now, Dayton noted, “Twenty-one percent of the total U.S. population now live in legal adult use markets.”

Heavy investments in legal cannabis have came from California, Florida, Massachusetts, and Nevada; but the most jaw-dropping growth happened in Colorado, Washington, and Oregon — where sales skyrocketed fully 62 percent through September 2016 — veritably eclipsing the numbers from 2015.

Much of this market explosion has not occurred with the help of large companies and corporations, since the legality of cannabis in the U.S. has been a matter of political climate.

“You will not find another multi-billion dollar market growing at a 25% compound annual growth rate anywhere in the world that is not already filled with multi-national companies and institutional investors,” Dayton explained. “That’s part of what makes the cannabis industry such a unique opportunity for investors and entrepreneurs.”

Forbes reports ArcView “has helped its investors place $$91 million with 135 companies since 2013 and primarily focuses on private companies. The industry with its legalization risks does not attract institutional investors in the same amount that other sectors do.”

Those investors seek new technology in the industry, particularly new means of testing cannabis and new advances in growing the plant.

Despite archaic federal prohibition on ‘marijuana,’ a growing number of states have opted to employ logic and compassion, legalizing variously recreational or medical use — in fact, California, Massachusetts, Maine, and Nevada voted to legalize recreational use in 2016.

ArcView’s new editor-in-chief Tom Adams, astounded legal cannabis managed to trump even the glorious dot-com boom, said “The only consumer industry categories I’ve seen reach $$5 billion in annual spending and then post anything like 25% compound annual growth in the next five years are cable television (19%) in the 1990’s and the broadband internet (29%) in the 2000’s.”

This explosive growth proves legal cannabis doesn’t only benefit people with medical conditions and stoners — it can supercharge the economy, too. The drug warriors look sillier by the day.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90368,"In what is being hailed as one of the largest prosecutions of its kind in US history, dozens of high-level modern-day slave traders were indicted this week in the US for enslaving hundreds of young women. Spreading from coast to coast, authorities are calling it a sophisticated sex trafficking ring that forced hundreds of women to be “modern day sex slaves.”

Naturally, the root cause of the state finding the organization wasn’t the sex slaves — it was was the concealment of millions of dollars. This latest indictment goes after the money as outside of the conspiracy to commit sex trafficking charges, are the charges of conspiracy to engage in money laundering and operating an unlicensed money transmitting business.

“From coast to coast, IRS Criminal Investigation is determined to team with our law enforcement partners to track down the individuals who facilitate and launder the proceeds of sex trafficking crimes,” said Special Agent in Charge Shea Jones, during the original indictment in October. “Those who seek to enrich themselves by exploiting the desperate circumstances of their victims will not be tolerated in our cities.”

The women were taken from Thailand and brought to the United States. They were forced to work as sex slaves and told they could buy their freedom if they paid off their nearly insurmountable bondage debts.

Advertisment

Acting U.S. Attorney Gregory Brooker explained the women were rotated through trafficking centers across the United States and “forced to have sex with strangers, even if the men were abusive.”

Sadly, this underground trafficking industry is allowed to thrive due to the United States’ prohibition on prostitution. Because those who want to voluntarily sell sex face the constant threat of being kidnapped and caged by the state, the world’s oldest profession gets pushed into depraved black markets rife with abuse and, as this case illustrates, slavery.

Alex Khu, special agent in charge of Homeland Security Investigations in Minneapolis, according to the AP, said his agency discovered the international ring after it began looking into a sex-trafficking case in the Twin Cities in 2014. Former Minnesota U.S. Attorney Andy Luger had made sex trafficking a priority and traveled to Thailand as part of the investigation. Luger was among the U.S. attorneys forced to resign in March, but prosecutors in the office have continued working this case, approaching it as they would an organized crime network.

As the AP reports, the conspiracy began in 2009, according to the indictment, with organizers bringing poor women who spoke little English from Bangkok to several U.S. cities, including Los Angeles, Chicago, Las Vegas, Phoenix, Minneapolis, Washington, Houston, and Dallas. The organization threatened to harm the women’s families in Thailand if they escaped.

“The victims were isolated. They typically did not have the ability to choose who they have sex with, what sex transactions they would engage in, or when they would have sex,” the indictment said.

The women were forced to have breast implants and the cost of the surgery would be added to their bondage.

Many of the arrests were the “house bosses” who ran the day to day operations of the modern day slave quarters scattered throughout the US. The money launderers were also arrested.

While many high-level arrests were made, the indictment noted that those at the top of the trafficking ring remain at large. Although, one of the bosses of the organization was arrested in the first phase of the investigation and is in custody in Belgium. Authorities are working to extradite her to the U.S., Khu said, according to the AP.

While the indictment notes that this ring forced hundreds of women into the US to be sex slaves, it mentions very few who were actually rescued.

Human trafficking in the United States is a very real and horrifying problem. As the Free Thought Project has pointed out, the monsters behind this darkness are often upstanding members of society. Through their connections within the state, they are allowed to operate these modern day slave trades with impunity. Just as this case illustrated, the state didn’t go after them until they suspected they weren’t getting their cut.

To see the true scope of this trafficking epidemic, take a scroll through our archives, at this link.

In the meantime, if you suspect someone in your town may be a victim of this human trafficking, you can get free materials at Blue Campaign site.

This site offers discrete tear cards that are easily hidden and have numbers for victims to call for later reference to be rescued. These materials are free and can be ordered at any time at this link.

Only until enough light is shined into the darkness will the cockroaches have nowhere to go. It is up to us to shine this light.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
39910,"Wilmington, NC — A powerful video, taken by an attorney while being harassed by police, illustrates the power of filming — and why cops will lie through their teeth, apply intimidation tactics, and threaten you to get you to stop it.

Attorney Jesse Bright, who works as an Uber driver in his spare time, was on a round trip drive, bringing a man who works as a pet groomer to pick up his paycheck on Feb. 26. During the first Uber stop, police suddenly surrounded the vehicle and forced the passenger to submit to a search because they were near a known “drug house.”

For his safety and to account for the officers’ actions, Bright began filming. When Sergeant Kenneth Becker saw that he was recording, that’s when the lies, threats, and intimidation began.

Officer: Hey bud, turn that off, OK?

Bright: No, I’ll keep recording. Thank you. It’s my right.

Officer: Don’t record me. You got me?

Bright: Look, you’re a police officer on duty. I can record you.

Becker then walks to driver’s side of vehicle to escalate the level of intimidation.

Officer: Be careful because there is a new law. Turn it off or I’ll take you to jail.

Advertisment

Bright: For recording you? What is the law?

Officer: Step out of the car.

Bright: What are you arresting me for? I’m sitting here in my car. I’m just recording in case anything happens. I’m surrounded by five police officers.

Officer: You’re being a jerk.

Bright: I’m scared right now. I’m not being a jerk. I’m recording in case anything happens.

Officer: You better hope we don’t find something in your car?

Bright: You’re not searching my car?

Officer: I’m going to search your car.

Bright: You’re not searching my car.

To apply yet another level of intimidation on a man for the sole reason that he was asserting his rights, this belligerent cops then calls for a K-9 unit.

Bright: Bring the K-9s. I don’t care. I know my rights.

Officer: I hope so. I know what the law is.

Bright: I know the law. I’m an attorney, so I would hope I know what the law is.

Officer: And an Uber driver?

The cops couldn’t believe that an attorney could also work in his spare time to earn extra money.

For the next several minutes, the cops teamed up on Bright and continued their intimidation. However, Bright did not back down.

While the video was rolling, Bright held all the power and the cops knew this — thus, the reason for them trying to force him to stop filming. Finally, the cops, without Bright’s consent, intimidated him to the point where he was unlawfully coerced into conceding to a search. According to Bright, they falsely claimed their K9 alerted to the car and proceeded to get back at him for asserting his right and embarrassing them. The video also confirms this, since the dog never stopped or ‘alerted’ to anything.

As the Free Thought Project has pointed out many times before, cops falsely claim their dogs alert to substances all the time. After they claimed the dog ‘alerted’, the belligerent cop then made a snide remark about the false alert.

“Funny how he’s real interested in your car, huh?” says the cop as the dog seems to only be interested in the toy his handler has.

“How’s that funny?” asks Bright as he points out this unprofessional officer’s conduct.

On Wednesday, Bright sent an email to WECT, explaining the situation.

At that time, the K-9 unit arrived at scene. I repeatedly asked the Sergeant and the K-9 what the dog’s indicator was, to indicate that he smelled narcotics in the vehicle. They refused to tell me. The K-9 lead the dog around my car 1 time, in which the dog did nothing but sniff the vehicle. He didn’t seem to make any indication at all towards the vehicle, besides sniffing in the places that the K-9 told him to sniff. After the sniff was done, the Sgt immediately went into my vehicle without my permission, and did a full search, checking all areas of the car, and pulling everything out of the center console and glove box. During the search, I was told I had to let them search my body as well, which they did. He found absolutely nothing illegal in my vehicle, or my person, and eventually walked back to his car. Another officer told me that me and my Uber passenger were free to go.

Chief Ralph Evangelous issued the following statement Wednesday in response to the videos:

“Taking photographs and videos of people that are in plain sight including the police is your legal right. As a matter of fact we invite citizens to do so when they believe it is necessary. We believe that public videos help to protect the police as well as our citizens and provide critical information during police and citizen interaction.”

However, as the video below shows, his officers apparently do not feel the same way.

The office then released another statement noting that the lying and bullying cops were wrong, but will not be punished and, instead, received ‘counseling’ — for being utterly derelict and oppressive.

According to WECT, Lt. Jerry Brewer with the New Hanover County Sheriff’s Office said there is no internal investigation in that department because their deputy did not violate anything.

Sheriff McMahon has viewed the Uber driver’s video and believes it is clear that Officers were incorrect in stating that it was illegal to record the encounter. Not only does the Sheriff agree that it is legal to record encounters, he invites citizens to do so. As a result, the Deputy involved has been counseled. Additionally, in keeping with Sheriff McMahon’s practice of openness and transparency with the citizens that we serve, he has instructed his Staff to ensure that each Deputy has been provided with information about the citizen’s right to record encounters with law enforcement officers.

And just like that, cops can be filmed in a blatant act of intimidation and oppression, caught lying through their teeth — and nothing happens. Sadly, people still wonder why there are protests. Had Bright not pulled out his camera and filmed, this situation could have gone far worse.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
39859,"“You’re a dumb b***h, you know that!”

Baltimore, MD– Baltimore police are under fire once again after a video surfaced of 36 year old Kianga Mwamba being assaulted and tased by an officer, while filming an arrest the officer was making in the street back in March. The out of control officer attempted to delete the video, but it was pulled from the cloud by the woman’s children and posted online on Monday.

While the two minute long video itself isn’t too graphic, it is certainly hard to listen to.

Mwamba had pulled up to the scene of an arrest and began filming after she allegedly saw the officers kicking the suspect they had on the ground. After being yelled at by officers, she responded that she knows she can record- as her father is a police officer. The officer’s conceded she may film (as if she needed permission), but demanded she pull over and park her car.

Advertisment

“All right, I’ll park,” Mwamba said.

“You need to pull the car over,” an officer responded.

“I am about to pull over,” she replied.

As she starts to comply and pull her car over, you hear Mwamba scream, “why would you do that?”

Moments later she is yanked from the vehicle and thrown to the ground, tased, and verbally abused by the belligerent officers. One particularly heinous officer refers to her as a “dumb bitch.”

Mwamba was arrested and charged with using her vehicle to strike an officer. In a statement of probable cause, the officer says the woman accelerated toward another officer and he yelled for her to stop—but attorneys say the video and probable cause statement do not match up, CBS reports.

She was later released on $$10,000 bail, which was paid for by her father, who is also a cop.

All charges were dropped in September, and she is now suing the officers involved for $$7,000,000.

The department has known about this video since April, yet the officer remains on duty and the department has only condemned the language used after being questioned by media as well as during a twitter town hall meeting.

“The video does not capture enough information to draw definitive conclusions about what transpired before, during, and after the arrest.” the department’s statement read. “What is clear is that the language used is unacceptable and will not be tolerated.”

They must mean “will not be tolerated” by the public, since they have known of this video since April and the officer in question has seemingly faced no repercussions. This video is a perfect example of why it is important to always film the police. Situations that seem calm can escalate in only seconds when the gang in blue is around, and video is one of the few ways to protect yourself and others.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89967,"North Korea, feeling pressure of encroaching American and allied vessels, has now threatened to make a ghost ship of a U.S. nuclear submarine — but the warning might not be hyperbolic rhetoric.

“The moment the USS Michigan tries to budge even a little, it will be doomed to face the miserable fate of becoming an underwater ghost without being able to come to the surface,” railed propagandic North Korean outlet, Uriminzokkiri, quoted by the Independent.

“The urgent fielding of the nuclear submarine in the waters off the Korean Peninsula, timed to coincide with the deployment of the super aircraft carrier strike group, is intended to further intensify military threats toward our republic.”

Announced as a routine, scheduled training exercise with ally, South Korea, President Trump sent an ‘armada’ of U.S. vessels to the waters off the Korean peninsula, which now includes the nuclear-powered U.S.S. Michigan and the U.S.S. Carl Vinson aircraft carrier group — which, as Bloomberg reports, are also accompanied by the “destroyers USS Wayne E. Meyer and USS Michael Murphy and the Ticonderoga-class guided-missile cruiser USS Lake Champlain.”

All of this firepower, whatever the guise under which they arrived near Pyongyang’s doorstep, has been characterized by the North as “intimidation and blackmail,” particularly given Trump’s pugnacious assertions he would not allow secretive regime to develop nuclear missiles capable of striking the U.S. mainland.

Both Japan and South Korea, traditional U.S. allies in the region, continue with other allied nations to coordinate in hopes of lessening the chance Kim Jong-un would act aggressively amid stifling tensions, as Uriminzokkiri stated outright, “whether it’s a nuclear aircraft carrier or a nuclear submarine, they will be turned into a mass of scrap metal in front of our invincible military power centred on the self-defence nuclear deterrence.”

Advertisment

Trump recently stumped South Korea by calling for Seoul to pay up to $$1 billion for its use of the THAAD missile defense system along its border with the North; but national security adviser H.R. McMaster has since insisted to his South Korean counterpart, Kim Kwan-jin, the U.S. would ensure its ally’s safety.

As the U.S. armada began arriving for exercises, Pyongyang test fired another ballistic missile, and although Washington reported that firing a failure — the missile ostensively disintegrated just minutes after launch, its pieces landing in the Sea of Japan — the cloistered nation continued threats like the aforementioned.

China, North Korea’s strongest ally, has urged Pyongyang to employ discretion and caution in engaging the U.S., warning any sudden moves like firing upon the American fleet would bring the region into full-scale military conflict.

Asked about the latest test and for a general message on the topic of North Korea, Trump ominously stated, without elaborating further,

“You’ll soon find out, won’t you?”

Of course, with nationalist and military propaganda thoroughly inundating any discussion of the situation, a realistic picture of what could happen if and when rhetoric turns kinetic has been difficult to discern.

Reports such as those from the U.S. Naval Institute claim superiority in firepower, both defensive and offensive, should Pyongyang follow through with increasingly belligerent threats — but some analyses caution the Vinson group and accompanying ships might be capable of the destruction officials have championed.

Bloomberg, for instance, headlined an article, “Trump ‘Armada’ Sent to Deter Kim Can’t Shoot Down His Missiles,” on Tuesday — the same day the Michigan arrived in the South Korean port city of Busan to join the others.

Noted Bloomberg of the Vinson group and armada, “They aren’t equipped with the version of the Aegis surveillance system made by Lockheed Martin Corp. that can track long-range ballistic missiles or Raytheon Co.’s SM-3 interceptors that are capable of bringing down medium and longer-range ballistic missiles.

“Nor are the modern Japanese Navy destroyers JS Samidare and JS Ashigara that joined the Vinson group for exercises equipped for missile defense detection or intercepts, a Japanese Navy spokesman confirmed. And the three South Korean ‘Sejong the Great’-class destroyers currently in operation don’t have ballistic missile defense capability, Tom Callender, a naval forces analyst with the Washington-based Heritage Foundation, said in an interview.”

Further, although the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system has been placed around 35 miles from the Korean demilitarized zone, its hardware is not yet fully operational — leaving South Korea vulnerable even as its neighbor to the North specifically takes issue with that defense.

Pentagon spokesman Navy Commander Gary Ross refused to answer specifics on U.S. weapons defense capabilities, he emphasized for Bloomberg, “no single capability defends against all threats. Rather it is the employment of integrated, multi-layered land and sea-based systems that provide missile defense” — for the U.S. and its allies.

“We have ballistic missile ships in the Sea of Japan, in the East Sea, that are capable of defending against ballistic missile attacks,” Navy Admiral Harry Harris, the head of U.S. forces in Korea and the Pacific, asserted Wednesday to the House Armed Services Committee.

He added of ships escorting the Vinson group that defense of the armada would not be a question, stating,

“If it flies, it will die, if it’s flying against the Carl Vinson strike group.”

Defense analyst David Wright with the Union of Concerned Scientists explained that, even if Aegis-equipped vessels were present in the waters near North Korea and Japan, the U.S. would not be capable of striking down another ICBM immediately after it was launched.

“There is a misconception that if it was close enough,” a U.S. Navy BMD vessel “could shoot a missile down during boost phase. But it doesn’t have that capability,” Wright said. “During boost phase the missile is an accelerating target, and Aegis doesn’t have the maneuverability to home in on such a target.

“Similarly, it would not be able to shoot down shorter-range missiles, like the Musudan, during boost phase. You might be able to shoot it down after boost phase, but by that time North Korea would be able to get information about the most critical part of the trajectory, so that strategy is unlikely to slow” Kim’s ardent quest to develop missiles.

No matter how stridently Trump feels toward quashing North Korea’s nuclear weapons hopes, any designs the U.S. might have to depose the Kim regime will not likely see success — even if physically successful.

Business Insider pointed out, the secretive nation still considers itself under the rule of ‘forever leader,’ Kim Il Sung, who died in 1994 — and North Koreans vociferously support longstanding goals of nuclear aggression against the world.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103164,"Carbondale, IL– A video posted to Facebook on Friday has reignited the debate over whether or not it is illegal to film police officers in Illinois under their new eavesdropping bill which Gov. Pat Quinn signed into law in December.

The video, taken by Matt Fedora, shows him bravely confronting an officer for allegedly spending several hours asleep in a church parking lot while on duty.

“My house got broken into about a week ago, so if I’m spending money, I would appreciate it if you would do your job and keep a look out for people that are breaking into houses, not fall asleep in the church (parking lot).” Fedora told the officer.

The officer denies he was asleep and claims to have made several stops and an arrest during the time.

Advertisment

Fedora also accuses the officer of dumping out his dip in the church parking lot as he films the large puddle by the officer’s vehicle. The officer explains it was a soft drink.

While sleeping on the tax payers dime is certainly offensive, what happens at the end of the video is what has really sparked the most discussion.

“If you keep lying, I’m going to put this on YouTube,” Fedora tells the officer. “Oh, so you’re recording?” says the officer. “I am, sir.” Fedora responds. “Are you aware it is now illegal to video record police officers in public?” the officer asks. “Is it?” Fedora counters. “I’m afraid it is.” the officer says as the video ends.

In March of last year the Illinois Supreme Court struck down the state’s eavesdropping law as it was touted as the most unconstitutional law of its kind in the country. Instead of just accepting this, on December 2, of last year, the controversial amendment to Senate Bill 1342 flew through both the house and senate.

Below is some of the vague wording from this legislation.

(a) Eavesdropping, for a first offense, is a Class 4 felony (from Ch. 38, par. 14-4) and, for a second or subsequent offense, is a Class 3 felony. (b) The eavesdropping of an oral conversation or an electronic communication of any

law enforcement officer, State’s Attorney, Assistant State’s Attorney, the Attorney General, Assistant Attorney General, or a judge, while in the performance of his or her official duties, if not authorized by this Article or proper court order, is a Class 3 felony, and for a second or subsequent offenses, is a Class 2 felony

The bill caused a massive show of confusion even among the media, with some reporting it was now illegal to record police, while others claimed it did no such thing.

As we previously reported:

The legislation clearly states, as we show above, that recording any law enforcement or government official during any private communication will be considered eavesdropping; a felony, punishable by jail time. Private communication is defined in the legislation as such: For the purposes of this Article, “private conversation” means any oral communication between 2 or more persons, whether in person or transmitted between the parties by wire or other means, when one or more of the parties intended the communication to be of a private nature under circumstances reasonably justifying that expectation. Reasonable expectation is defined in the legislation as such: A reasonable expectation shall include any expectation recognized by law, including, but not limited to, an expectation derived from a privilege, immunity, or right established by common law, Supreme Court rule, or the Illinois or United States Constitution. The problem arises when we try to define reasonable expectation, it is left up to arbitrary interpretation. As per the legislation: any police officer, at any time, in Illinois can simply say they have a reasonable expectation of privacy and therefore charge a person filming with a felony.

However, the ACLU maintains that the law does allow citizens to record on-duty government officials, including police officers, who are talking to the public as part of their jobs, because those conversations are not considered private, and Councilwoman and mayoral candidate Jane Adams seems to agree.

“Our police officers are here to serve the public — in this case, a young man who says his house was recently burglarized,” Adams told The Southern. “No officer should threaten a citizen for exercising their constitutionally protected right to free speech. Our officers must be fully informed of this fact, so incidents like this do not occur in the future.”

The claims made by Fedora in the video are currently under investigation according to Interim Police Chief Jeff Grubbs, but more importantly- officials are now seeking legal opinion to figure out once and for all if filming the police is actually illegal.

Ironically, filming the police is what is now forcing that discussion, proving once again the importance of having and exercising your right to do so.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104297,Police are looking for the group who is behind the website attacking Islam and mocking Christians who interact with Muslims.,thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38390,"Just days before New York City police officers killed father of 6, Eric Garner, for breaking up a street fight, the NYPD was caught on camera applying another illegal choke hold.

The Free Thought Project

Matt Agorist

July 23, 2014



The choke hold has been prohibited by the NYPD for decades as means of force. In 1994 the NYPD made national headlines for an illegal choke hold made by officer Francis X. Livoti, which led to the death Anthony Baez. Since then, the department has had an official policy banning the use of this life threatening application of force.

However, that has not stopped them from using it.

Advertisment

In recent years there have been over 1,000 complaints against the NYPD for officers using choke holds.

The banned practice is apparently so common that it was caught on video by a citizen only a few days prior to it being used to kill Eric Garner.

The video below was uploaded to facebook on the 14th of July.

Witnesses say an argument between a young man and a police officer broke out near 125th Street in New York.

The situation escalated rapidly according to witnesses. Allegedly the officer punched the man in the face during the quarrel which led to him being placed in a dangerous choke hold. The man is then arrested as he bleeds from his face.

Yes, the man is ‘resisting’ to a certain degree in the video. However, police officers frequently act like it is simple to just lay down on the ground and let men, known to kill innocent people, simply kneel on your neck while they painfully bend your arms behind you to place you in cuffs.

Not wanted to get slammed to the ground, is NOT resisting.



",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95594,"As Americans don their red white and blue sequence bar-b-que aprons and raise their flags, ironically made in China, in an effort to “celebrate their freedom,” we should be asking ourselves, what freedoms do American’s really have?

We are under constant surveillance, our every move under a microscope by government goons, “protecting us” from “terrorists.”

We are under the constant threat of violence from the state for possessing a plant, or having a tail light out, or simply walking down the street.

Americans are constantly paranoid of those blue and red lights popping up in the rearview mirror that most always end in extortion and could very well end with a visit to the hospital, being locked in a cage, or worse.

In the Land of the Free, police killed more people in just one month of this year than the United Kingdom has in the entire 20th century.

In the Land of the Free, police kill at more than 70 times the rate of other first world nations.

In the Land of the Free, we are told to “fear the terrorists” but US police kill 58 times more people than all terrorist activity against US civilians since 9-11!

State sanctioned deprivation of rights, liberty, and life, is that what we call “Freedom” these days? The exact opposite of what the founders meant when they signed the Declaration of Independence?

Sadly, when people do begin to question this paradigm of violence against the citizens and the usurping of freedom, blame is quickly associated and directed toward whichever corporate puppet is in charge, then they just go back to sleep — resolute in the notion that they can vote those bastards out and it will all be fixed.

Advertisment

Boobus Americanus then slips back into la la land, cheering on the police state as if they are fans on a football stadium sideline. “My team is winning! USA! USA! USA!”

But your team is not winning, Boobus!

Just for a moment, can we stop chanting that “USA is number one”?

Can we remove the patriotic blinders for a moment and take a look at the categories in which we are actually number one? Because it’s certainly not freedom.

According to the 2014 Legatum Prosperity Index released in November, in the measure of personal freedom, the United States has fallen from 9th place in 2010 to 21st worldwide—behind such countries as Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, Uruguay and Costa Rica.

Other such rankings systems show the US as low as 46. Yet somehow, Americans still believe their leaders when they say that terrorists “hate our freedom,” as if the ‘terrorists’ took down the first 45 freest countries and are just now getting to us!

No, we are most assuredly not number one in freedom.

But, we are however number 1 in,

Prison Population:

The job of law enforcement in America today is enforcing every arbitrary edict in the land to maximize profits for just a few private prison companies who are paid with stolen money (taxes). Because order followers don’t question any of their orders, it has lead to 65 million Americans (about 22% of the population) having criminal records.

Many of these criminal records are because of simple drug possession. An individual with a criminal history finds it extremely difficult to find a job or a place to live. People become desperate for life’s necessities so they resort to violent crime and will get a job on the black market selling drugs, which will lead to more time in jail.

This vicious cycle has become a phenomenon known only as recidivism.

Obesity:

Of all the major industrialized nations, America is the most obese. Mexico is #2.

Child abuse death rate:

The United States has the highest child abuse death rate in the world. Many of these deaths happen in state-approved foster homes after children are ripped from their parents’ arms because their parent took part in some arbitrary victimless crime, like smoking marijuana.

Hours spent in front of the Television:

Nobody watches more television per week (28 hours) than Americans do. Americans are far better at keeping up with the Kardashians than they are about putting and end to government corruption.

Teen Pregnancy Rate:

The US leads the world, by a wide margin in teen pregnancies. This is in spite of public schools offering vaginal implants for birth control to 11-year-old girls without their parents’ permission.

Prescription Drug Use:

Americans are not even close to being in the top 10 healthiest countries in the world, despite consuming far more prescription drugs than the rest of the world.

Citizens Killed by Police:

In Canada, the total number of citizens killed by law enforcement officers in the year 2014, was 14; that is 78 times less people than the US.

If we look at the United Kingdom, 1 person was killed by police in 2014 and 0 in 2013. English police reportedly fired guns a total of three times in all of 2013, with zero reported fatalities.

From 2010 through 2014, there were four fatal police shootings in England, which has a population of about 52 million. By contrast, Albuquerque, N.M., with a population 1 percent the size of England’s, had 26 fatal police shootings in that same time period.

China, whose population is 4 and 1/2 times the size of the United States, recorded 12 killings by law enforcement officers in 2014. Police in America killed 92 times more people than China!

Debt:

The United States has accumulated the biggest mountain of government debt in the history of the world.

As for the citizens, there is more credit card debt in America than anywhere else in the world. There is more mortgage debt in America than anywhere else in the world. And, there is more student loan debt in America than anywhere else in the world.

Crime:

According to nationmaster.com, the United States has the most total reported crimes in the world, by a long shot.

Arbitrary, immoral and downright evil laws:

How ironic is it that the Land of the Free has the most laws on the entire planet?

Attorney Harvey Silverglate argues that the average American commits three felonies a day without even knowing it. Although it has been estimated that there are over 3000 types of federal criminal offenses, no one knows the exact number for sure.

At any given time, a police officer could walk up to you and find you in violation of some arbitrary law. It is a mathematical certainty.

So, next time your chest begins to fill with patriotic puff, stop for a second and realize that Americans are number one, but in such a bad way.

In the meantime, however, we still have the freedom in this country to inform ourselves and others. Only through a lesser ignorance will these horrid tyrannical traits subside.

Humanity is involved in a struggle, as we have always been, but there are much more of us now. Inciting peaceful change has never been more important. However, so many well-meaning individuals go about inciting this change with blunt force. This has to change.

If you truly want to make the world a more peaceful place, you have to become a more peaceful person. Petty infighting, personal attacks, vitriol, and hate are the tools of tyrants and also of those who only claim to be awake.

Peace is true professionalism.

Next time you’re cringing in a public setting, listening to Joe Six Pack spout off NFL stats like an ESPN commentator, wait for an opportune time and plant a seed.

“Hey Joe, speaking of the Kansas City Chiefs, what do you think of wide receiver, Dwayne Bowe and his arrest for having weed? Do you think its cool that he was deprived of his freedom for having a plant? How can we legitimately call this country the land of the free when that can happen to someone?”

Be the change that you want to see in this world.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90005,"“It was a short peace in a terrible war,” recalled 108-year-old Alfred Anderson, 90 years after the storied Christmas truce in 1914, during the nascent stages of World War I.

Legend describes spontaneous soccer matches, camaraderie between foes, and general holiday merriment among gentleman soldiers — who had just the previous day been shooting to kill.

But, as legends go, time gilds and — though, indeed, a patchy truce between British and German troops did occur in areas along the bloody Western Front — it bore only a sketchy resemblance to the one depicted in movies, art, and other well-intentioned but fictionalized accounts.

“I remember the silence, the eerie sound of silence,” Anderson told the Guardian in 2004. “Only the guards were on duty. We all went outside the farm buildings and just stood listening. And, of course, thinking of people back home. All I’d heard for two months in the trenches was the hissing, cracking and whining of bullets in flight, machinegun fire and distant German voices.

“But there was a dead silence that morning, right across the land as far as you could see. We shouted ‘Merry Christmas’, even though nobody felt merry. The silence ended early in the afternoon and the killing started again. It was a short peace in a terrible war.”

Advertisment

In some areas, the informal and unofficial truce lasted mere hours. In others, troops didn’t fire a shot from Christmas Eve until after the new year. And in many positions along the Front, no ceasefire occurred at all — though there was a lull in the fighting.

Historians disagree on specifics, but letters penned by soldiers tell of German troops hoisting lanterns and signs reading, “you not shoot, we not shoot,” above the trenches, singing carols to celebrate the holiday amid bitter conditions — which were answered, in places, by the British.

“Stille Nacht. Heilige Nacht,” the British heard — the words foreign, but the tune of Silent Night familiar — and soon verses volleyed between the opposing trenches.

“First the Germans would sing one of their carols and then we would sing one of ours, until when we started up ‘O Come, All Ye Faithful’ the Germans immediately joined in singing the same hymn to the Latin words Adeste Fideles,” wrote Graham Williams in a letter, obtained by the New York Times, as quoted in TIME. “And I thought, well, this is really a most extraordinary thing ­— two nations both singing the same carol in the middle of a war.”

Tentatively, individuals climbed from ironic safety of the wet, muddy trenches and made their way into no man’s land. Others, upon seeing their comrades’ brave actions not met with gunfire, soon followed.

Officers in various locations first met their counterparts at the halfway point and agreed to allow burial of the dead — whose bodies had been left to the elements for weeks. Soldiers soon fraternized, trading cigarettes, buttons, hats, tins of bully beef, and other supplies — and, indeed, in some spots, kicked around makeshift soccer balls — though, contrary to popular depiction, no full matches broke out.

“In my mouth,” wrote London Rifle Brigade Pvt. Henry Williamson, then just 19-years-old, in a letter to his mother, “is a pipe presented by the Princess Mary. In the pipe is German tobacco. Ha ha, you say, from a prisoner or found in a captured trench, Oh dear, no! From a German soldier. Yes a live German soldier from his own trench. Marvelous, isn’t it?”

At the time of the informal Christmas ceasefire in 1914, the horrors of trench warfare had only recently become apparent — and the brief break allowed the men on both sides a chance to catch their breath and somewhat renew spirits.

But the ease with which opposing sides made merriment with one another deeply troubled commanding officers — who rightly worried the chance to see the enemy as human would thwart the soldiers’ will to fight — and by the next Christmas, the threat of court martial hung in the balance for anyone attempting such fraternization.

And this point — that troops, given the chance to familiarize themselves will grasp they’re fighting someone else’s war — is likely why the account of the Christmas truce has, over the decades, been adorned with the fanciful ornamentation of wishful thinking. It constitutes, this legend, in many ways the yearning of humanity not to engage in violent conflict — particularly on as massive a scale as exists today.

Soldiers in 1914 were not entirely certain they belonged on that battlefield, as the reasons for the Great War didn’t derive from a place of moral imperative as it would seem to not long afterward in World War II — and hasn’t since.

In fact, separation by degrees of the humanity of individual soldiers on opposing sides and partially fabricated moral rectitude form the basis for all war propaganda for a reason — should troops not buy the dehumanization, they would ostensibly never kill.

Of course, the mythical nature of the Christmas truce forgets these same men who shook hands and exchanged holiday pleasantries all eventually took up arms and fired at each other — on a massive scale — around 11 million military personnel perished and 20 million suffered injury over the duration, according to many estimates. Their fighting killed civilians, too — around 7 million innocent people died in World War I.

That’s the trick of propagandizing war — time sugar coats stark atrocity and glorifies the military — because without that, it’s arguable no one would fight at the behest of those who have the actual conflicts of interest.

Put simply, if the well-heeled political elites had no one to fight their battles, there would be no war — thus, terms like “duty,” “patriotism,” and “service” are purposely meant to stir an emotional response — often handed down in families for generations.

While, certainly, the hopeful overtones represented by the famous Christmas truce should not be understated, starry-eyed discussion of the ceasefire without including what followed for years afterward is horrendously negligent of reality — and does a disservice to the atrocity that is the killing of people on an enormous scale during wartime.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96235,"When Dominick Izzo first approached The Free Thought Project, he knew consenting to the interview would cost him his job as a police officer for the Round Lake Park, Illinois Police Department. After blowing the whistle on his boss, Police Chief George Filinko, his employment was terminated. However, that didn’t stop Izzo from continually criticizing a man he believed to be inept, unqualified, and undeserving of his position as chief.

Not content with sitting on the sidelines, Izzo has now set his sights on a new mission; becoming the Police Chief of Cook County, Illinois in 2018, the same county where Chicago is located.

In a Facebook announcement Friday night, Izzo made the following statement, which one could say is quite confident.

Decision made.

I’m running for Sheriff….

And I’m going to win.

Izzo for Cook County Sheriff 2018

Izzo successfully outed his boss as a heavy-handed and unethical police chief whose department spied on its officers using their own police-issued body cameras. But more importantly, he brought awareness to police corruption at the highest levels of a small-town police department, exposing how the PD, and county, sent an innocent woman to jail and arrested whistleblowers, like the coroner, who dared question their arrests and prosecutions.

Advertisment

Flipping the script, Izzo now sees big-city issues as something he thinks he can solve, on a county level. Taking on the responsibility of being the sheriff of Cook County, IL is no small endeavor. The county is home to 3.2 million residents, second only to Los Angeles County, and rife with what Izzo calls political corruption.

Izzo has gone against the grain of trendsetters like sitting Attorney General Jeff Sessions, by saying weed really hasn’t hurt anyone, has been used for years to fill jail cells and arrest quotas. In his post, he wrote about reducing the number of those in jail.

I WILL CREATE A REDUCTION IN INCARCERATION, BENEFITING BOTH THE COUNTY RESIDENTS AND THE INMATES THEMSELVES VIA EMPOWERING OFFICERS AND CORRECTING THE BEHAVIOR OF THOSE WHO BREAK THE LAW.

Izzo’ decision to run for Cook County sheriff seems to be due, at least in part, to the recent beating of two Cook County corrections officers. Izzo said the inmates stopped short of killing the officers, because they knew their limits, but the incident appeared to weigh heavy on his mind. He wrote:

They’re not “pre-trial detainees” they are inmates.

Remove political correctness, call those who err what they are, and create an incentivized stigma for them to not error again.

The goal of county holding / jail is to created a corrected, learned behavior through an environment of discipline and respect of those who run the facility, the Corrections Officers, so that a person will want to improve in society by learning to respect themselves and NEVER want to return again.

In true, in-your-face fashion, Izzo promises to end corruption in Cook County, if elected. It’s still unclear how he intends to do so, but believing whistleblowers will likely be a start. Since his testimony of what was happening at the Round Lake Park Police Department was largely ignored by the majority and the village, this police officer promises to shake things up when and if he wins. He wrote:

Last night’s statement was no impulse. It was fact.

I’m putting all the corrupt of Cook County on notice… you have no clue the kind of war I’m bringing your way.

You’ve never seen a candidate like me before.

And you’d best get ready for the Sheriff I will be and the Warriors I will work for.

#izzoforsheriff2018

Izzo is also outspoken against the war on drugs and revenue generation by cops.

Izzo understands that the war on drugs creates criminals by making their personal choices illegal. According to Izzo, his courageous posts about the truth of the drug war on social media have led to numerous threats against him. Unfortunately, some officers cannot handle the truth.

Izzo is also outspoken against certain police tactics that lead to the unnecessary deaths of so many unarmed people in America. But this cop not only talks the talk, he walks the walk. In 2015, Izzo was awarded Round Lake Park’s Exceptional Duty medal for the way he handled an extremely dangerous situation.

On April 19, 2015, Izzo was confronted by an aggressive and distraught man armed with a knife — a situation in which other cops would almost instantly resort to deadly force. But not Izzo.

When Izzo attempted to calm the man down, the man pulled a knife and approached him in a threatening manner. Instead of killing him, Izzo courageously disarmed the man without injury to either of them. A true hero indeed.

Below is one of these videos in which Izzo blows the war on drugs and revenue collection wide open.

The Free Thought Project is an apolitical organization which is more concerned with libertarian issues than who decides to run for political office. And while we respect Izzo for being a whistleblower and turning in his boss as a corrupt individual, we do not endorse Izzo for sheriff. We do, however, think it’s pretty cool that a whistleblower could go from being rejected by his fellow boys in blue to potentially winning an election for sheriff of the nation’s second most populated county. That’s the kind of stuff which makes headlines.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48409,"Sounding like he just read the Book of Revelation for the first time, Professor Stephen Hawking issued dire warnings and predictions this week about the lifespan of the earth. However, it is not all doom and gloom. Hawking remains optimistic on the future of humanity.

In a prepared speech to the Oxford Union Debate Society Monday, Hawking reportedly stated humans have less than 1,000 years on earth and must find a suitable planet on which to relocate.

The Free Thought Project was able to confirm Hawking did indeed appear at Oxford, however, since the event was private, and no transcripts have yet been made available, we cannot confirm the statements Hawking made. But according to the U.K.’s Independent, the theoretical physicist stated it’s, “a glorious time to be alive and doing research in to theoretical physics.”

Advertisment

He stated, “Our picture of the universe has changed a great deal in the last 50 years and I am happy if I have made a small contribution.

”The fact that we humans, who are ourselves mere fundamental particles of nature, have been able to come this close to understanding the laws that govern us and the universe is certainly a triumph.”

Due to advancements in universal mapping, Hawking apparently feels confident, “We will map the position of millions of galaxies with the help of [super] computers like Cosmos. We will better understand our place in the universe.”

“Perhaps one day we will be able to use gravitational waves to look right back into the heart of the Big Bang,” Hawking said in reference to his suspicion those waves will allow humans to look back in time.

He encouraged listeners, and those following the story, to “continue to go into space for the future of humanity,” adding, “I don’t think we will survive another 1,000 years without escaping beyond our fragile planet.”

He advised listeners to look beyond their earthly cares by saying, “Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don’t just give up.”

Hawking’s comments have often been highly controversial. He once theorized that if humans ever met aliens, “I think the outcome would be much as when Christopher Columbus first landed in America, which didn’t turn out very well for the Native Americans,” he stated implying humans would be destroyed.

The theoretical physicist believes humanity’s destruction would more likely result from an asteroid collision with earth or be the result of a nuclear war. And his fear of artificial intelligence stems from the power which computers already possess. He said, “By contrast, computers double their speed and memories every 18 months. There is a real danger that computers will develop intelligence and take over. We urgently need to develop direct connections to the brain so that computers can add to human intelligence rather than be in opposition.”

Hawking’s most controversial statements, however, may be his recent comments on the existence of God. “Before we understand science, it is natural to believe that God created the universe. But now science offers a more convincing explanation,” he said. In his work, A Brief History of Time, the physicist made the statement mankind could eventually “know the mind of God.”

When pressed to explain, Hawking stated, “What I meant by ‘we would know the mind of God’ is, we would know everything that God would know, if there were a God. Which there isn’t. I’m an atheist.” Atheist or not, Hawking ironically shares something in common with believers of the Bible, they both believe the world will come to an end within at least a thousand years. The difference being Hawking believes it’s possible for mankind to shed its earthly dwelling, travel light years away from earth, and colonize an inhabitable world.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96067,"On Sunday, the Free Thought Project reported on the recent information released by the Physicians in the Crop-Sprayed Towns (PCST), who revealed that the Brazilian government’s assertion that microcephaly was caused by the Zika virus was not substantial. PCST exposed a popular larvacide pyriproxyfen to be the actual suspect.

The chemical, pyriproxyfen, was added to the state of Pernambuco’s drinking-water reservoirs in 2014, by the Brazilian Ministry of Health, in an effort to stop the proliferation of the Zika-carrying Aedes aegypti mosquito.

The report by PCST revealed that the pesticide, sold under the commercial name SumiLarv, is manufactured by Sumitomo Chemical, a Japanese subsidiary of Monsanto.

Advertisment

“Pyriproxyfen is a growth inhibitor of mosquito larvae, which alters the development process from larva to pupa to adult, thus generating malformations in developing mosquitoes and killing or disabling them. It acts as an insect juvenile hormone or juvenoid, and has the effect of inhibiting the development of adult insect characteristics (for example, wings and mature external genitalia) and reproductive development. It is an endocrine disruptor and is teratogenic (causes birth defects). “Malformations detected in thousands of children from pregnant women living in areas where the Brazilian state added pyriproxyfen to drinking water is not a coincidence, even though the Ministry of Health places a direct blame on Zika virus for this damage, while trying to ignore its responsibility and ruling out the hypothesis of direct and cumulative chemical damage caused by years of endocrine and immunological disruption of the affected population,” according to the report by Physicians in the Crop-Sprayed Towns.

In a move that would never happen in America, the Brazilian government actually listened to the group of doctors and suspended the use of pyriproxyfen, pending further study.

In a communique, the state government said that “the suspension was communicated to the 19 Regional Health Coordinating Authorities, which in turn will inform the respective Municipal Monitoring services” in all cities in the state, according to Fox News Latino.

Up until now, Brazilian scientists have been attributing the increase in microcephaly to the Zika virus. However, on Sunday, Rio Grande do Sul Health Secretary Joao Gabbardo said that, despite the fact that a relationship between the larvicide and microcephaly has not been proven, the “suspicion” that there may be a linkage had led the organizations to decide to “suspend” the use of the chemical.

“We cannot run that risk,” Gabbardo said.

Of course, this news is being met with backlash by those who have advocated adding this larvicide to the water supply.

“That is a rumor lacking logic and sense. It has no basis. (The larvicide) is approved by (the National Sanitary Monitoring Agency) and is used worldwide. Pyriproxyfen is recognized by all regulatory agencies in the whole world,” Health Minister Marcelo Castro told reporters Sunday.

Also, the Monsanto affiliate, Sumitomo Chemical also claimed that “there is no scientific basis for such a claim,” adding that the product has been approved by the World Health Organization since 2004 and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency since 2001.

The fact the WHO has officially gone on record and stated that microcephaly is not linked directly to the Zika virus has been of little consequence to the Health Secretary. Also of little consequence to the Health Secretary, is that there haven’t been any cases of microcephaly attributed to the Zika virus in past outbreaks.

According to the report by PCST:

Previous Zika epidemics did not cause birth defects in newborns, despite infecting 75% of the population in those countries. Also, in other countries such as Colombia there are no records of microcephaly; however, there are plenty of Zika cases.

The caution and proactive response by the Brazilian government are noteworthy and should serve as an example to officials in the United States who continue to expose citizens to a myriad of toxic chemicals banned in countries across the planet.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88421,"San Francisco, CA — A horrific cellphone video was uploaded to Instagram yesterday that shows at least ten cops publicly execute a man as he attempted to walk away from them while holding a knife.

The scene was eerily similar to that of Laquan McDonald, only this time instead of one cop (Jason Van Dyke) opening fire, seemingly all of them did.

Police were apparently looking for a man suspected of stabbing someone and he fit the description. Police Chief Gregory Suhr confirmed the man was killed after the shooting in Bayview at around 5 pm on Wednesday.

As the short video begins, the man appears confused and out of it, but he is not charging at any of the multiple officers standing around him with their guns drawn. In fact, the man appears to be holding his stomach and in distress, perhaps from a bean bag shot moments prior.

Advertisment

But he then stands up straight and tries to walk off.

At this moment, the woman filming is in so much anguish that she drops down the phone before a fury of gunfire can be heard being unleashed on the man.

‘It looks like an execution,’ a resident who told the San Francisco Police Commission, reported The Daily Beast. ‘This is why we need the cameras and the video.’

Below is the disturbing footage.

Only in America do police so quickly and easily escalate to deadly force before exhausting all other measures. The US would do well to study policing in other countries.

The lack of deadly force is so common by police in European countries that it’s not only been documented multiple times, but it’s been caught on film multiple times.

It is high time this country looks closely at the way it trains its police force.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95778,"Piatt County, IL — Despite being accused of sexual assault back in 2007, Champaign Police Officer Jerad Gale was just given his department’s highest honor in March. On March 30, Gale was named Champaign’s Officer of the Year.

Just three months later he would be arrested for strangling and raping two more women.

Tuesday Officer Gale was arrested and charged with aggravated criminal sexual assault and domestic battery.

Advertisment

According to Illinois Hompage, prosecutors in Piatt and Champaign counties say two different women were sexually assaulted in separate incidents in 2012 and 2013. In addition, Gale is accused of strangling one of them.

Arrest warrants were issued in the two separate counties and Gale’s bond was set at $$250,000.

The Piatt County case involves one felony count of criminal sexual assault. It reportedly happened between July 4 – 28, 2012. A conviction is punishable by 5 – 15 years in prison, according the IH.

The Champaign County case involves three counts including criminal sexual assault, aggravated criminal sexual assault and aggravated criminal domestic battery. Gale is accused of choking the victim at one point. The incident reportedly happened November 9, 2013. Punishment for those counts range from 3 – 7 years to 6 – 30 years, reports the IH.

Gale was never charged after the rape accusations in 2007, however, prosecutors are said to be bringing in this third victim to provide evidence of sexual offenses.

The rates of sexual assault and domestic battery within the ranks of police officers are almost double that of the average citizen, according to a study conducted by Bowling Green State University.

Another common occurrence is the fact that cops, who are named Officer of the Year, frequently commit some of the worst crimes. The most recent ‘Officer of the Year’ to be ousted by the community is Officer Eric Casebolt, who was captured on video brutalizing a teen girl and pulling his gun out on unarmed teens.

Prior to Casebolt, there was Houston police officer Noe Juarez, Officer of the Year, 2009. In April, Juarez was indicted after he was caught running drugs and weapons for the Los Zetas cartel in Mexico.

In February, 38-year-old Edwin Guzman, Officer of the Year 2012, was arrested for molesting a young girl who thought of him as a “father figure.”

Also in February, Jonathan Bleiweiss, 34, admitted to forcing 20 male immigrants into having sex with him. This Officer of the Year, 2013, pleaded guilty to an array of charges including 14 counts of armed false imprisonment, 15 counts of battery and four counts of stalking. However, because of his blue privilege, he avoided all of the charges with “sex” in them.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55308,"New York, NY – Only in the twisted minds of NYPD officials would “more powerful weapons” be a solution to prevent their officers from killing people. Sadly, this is no joke. The NYPD recently announced that they are planning to stock more powerful and potent pepper spray, and they actually claim that this would be intended to prevent police from shooting people.

The potency that has been used by the NYPD and other departments previously is already highly dangerous with a concentration of just .21% capsaicinoids. The new spray will be concentrated at .67% which will undoubtedly be more dangerous and far more painful. The NYPD has already begun rolling out the new concentration and has equipped over 19,000 officers with the new mixture.

NYPD Deputy Chief Edward Mullen claimed in an interview with the Daily News that a higher concentrated pepper spray would help officers subdue unruly suspects more easily.

Advertisment

“A more effective pepper spray can help reduce the amount of force needed to gain control of a suspect or emotionally disturbed person,” Mullen said.

Mullen also noted that NYPD officers have been learning to use pepper spray less, claiming that NYPD officers only used pepper spray 284 times, which is down from 337 the year before.

However, this attitude places all of the responsibility on the suspect and none on the officer. In most cases where officers shoot at people, they are not actually in danger but are in pursuit of a suspect who might get away. Officers would rather take a shot at someone who is running, than let them escape and avoid a drug charge and that is where the problem lies, not in the officers ability to “take down” a suspect.

The new plan to stock high potency pepper spray has been opposed unanimously by activists and human rights organizations.

“Given that excessive force is all too common in the NYPD, we are concerned about officers having more powerful pepper spray,” Christopher Dunn, associate director of the New York Civil Liberties Union said.

Lawyer Ron Kuby supported these statements, pointing out that, “It’s not properly used, and it’s deployed somewhat promiscuously at people the cops don’t like.”

Joshua Moskovitz, another lawyer who represents many activists said, “I’m sure there are occurrences where pepper spray is useful and has been used in an appropriate manner. I’ve only seen it in a way that exacerbates the situation.”

This is not just an issue in New York either – over the years, departments across the country have been making their pepper spray more intense. The strongest pepper spray in the country is used by the Suffolk County Police Department, the U.S. Marshals Service and the Boston Police Department, each of them using a pepper spray with a potency of 1.33%.

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102627,"If one wanted to start a perpetual war they would need an enemy, either real or perceived. They would probably start with a group of crazy fundamentalists; a very small group of fundamentalists who get almost no attention from the rest of the world. Then one day Western Government would start meddling in the affairs of Middle Eastern countries where this small group of fundamentalists reside. This meddling could result in a few deaths of innocent people. The fundamentalists are then able capitalize on these few deaths or “collateral damage” for recruitment purposes. All of the sudden the insignificant group that no one paid attention too because of their murderous fundamentalist views, would start to gain support.

Ultimately some of these irrational fundamentalists get funding; funding that allows them to carry out an attack on that meddling Western world. Innocent people in the West are now murdered in cold blood via planes being flown into buildings. Obviously the actual events on that day are left to question, but the end result, war, is not.

Blowback is defined as the unintended consequences of a covert operation that are suffered by the civil population of the aggressor government. To the civilians suffering the blowback of covert operations, the effect typically manifests itself as “random” acts of political violence without a discernible, direct cause; because the public—in whose name the intelligence agency acted—are ignorant of the effected secret attacks that provoked revenge (counter-attack) against them.

Eventually the meddling by the West would become more than covert ops and clandestine regime changes. It becomes an all-out invasion of a country under false pretense for the benefit of a few elite groups. This would massively increase “collateral damage,” which in turn, massively increases anger inside the occupied countries, which augments the recruitment for “terrorist”

The Western world would make you think that the majority of these people are “terrorists” through repetition, ad nauseam, of psychological catch phrases designed to remove critical thought. When in reality, these other humans are nothing more than people fighting for their homeland but are called terrorists to invoke the fear created by 9/11.

The US government can then declare a war on this terrorism “tactic” allowing for the persecution of anyone, anywhere, in the name of freedom, and all that needs to be done is to do is label them a “terrorist.” The label even works on Americans, and it even keeps other Americans quiet as the US government assassinates its own citizens and their children, who were born in this country, and never given a trial.

This terrorist label removes any sympathy towards these other humans as dehumanization is its sole purpose. It is difficult to stoke hatred and violence towards a people if they are perceived equals. The state can dehumanize “the enemy” through a perpetuation of cultural ignorance, stereotypes, and labels. This way the majority of Americans will care not about dead Middle Eastern children; nor will the media show any coverage of the actual horrors of this war, like the thousands of instances of family members grieving over the mangled dead body of their 3 year old daughter. After all, these people are not human, they are “terrorists”!

If a foreign country started flying remote controlled planes over my town, bombing my town, putting troops on the street in my town, killing my townspeople, urinating on the corpses of my townspeople, including children, maybe even my child, you can bet your life that I will do everything and anything to rid my town of that enemy.

Eventually over a decade, this “collateral damage” would result in hundreds of thousands of deaths, yes hundreds of thousands of civilians, total deaths are over a million. These deaths would result in hundreds of thousands of more so-called “terrorists” rising to action. After all, violence begets violence and having your child or wife blown up is a great recruitment tool for “terrorism.” The end result of this violence upon violence creates a Quagmire in which the “enemy” constantly replenishes its ranks with those who have been affected by the invasive regime. The invasive regime cannot declare victory because it hasn’t killed the entire unending enemy, and so the stage is set for a never ending blood bath.

One small example of this “collateral damage” otherwise known as murder, can be seen in a recent study of drone strikes in Pakistan. Pakistan is a country that is a supposed ALLY to the West. Therefore, one would naturally assume that the US would not bomb them, right? Wrong, an estimated 467-815 innocent civilians have been killed by drones, 178 of which are children. 178 children, imagine the anguish of losing a child to a robot plane dropping a hell fire missile near your house, killing your child, flown by what your government calls your “ally.”

I cannot imagine losing a child, nor do I want to, but the reality of the situation remains. The severity of this conflict is not decreased by the lack of attention Americans give it. Our brothers and sisters are thrown into conflict with an enemy who is only shooting at them because they are in their country, killing their people.

This notion that “they hate your freedom” is drivel. The idea that a group of people can “hate you because you are free” is a psychological tactic, used to justify a war without reason. The US is most assuredly NOT the freest nation in the world. However, the public can be told that someone “hates their freedom” and they should now live in fear, garnish hatred for an entire race, have their children molested at airports, and relinquish personal liberties in return for a promise from the State to keep them safe.

The security state is utter rubbish, the only way to prove me wrong on that claim is to pull out ALL troops from ALL countries and see if there is still a growing opposition in the region. Or, one can simply look at the Swiss and show how they’ve remained heavily armed, but neutral, for the last 200 years and never been attacked, not even by Hitler, and they are FREE.

People naturally want to be left alone, it has been like this for a long time; not many people wanted to cause harm to Americans before the government started removing their democratically elected leaders and placing dictators in power or blowing up their children by “mistake.”

You have a better chance of being killed by a bee sting, or a home repair accident than you do a terrorist.

Even with all these atrocities that the US government has carried out, this “terror threat” is completely insignificant, even now. You have a better chance of being killed by a bee sting, or a home repair accident than you do a terrorist. Or how about, being hit by lightning, shot by a police officer, medical malpractice, hot weather, tripping, or choking on your own vomit? All of these are more likely to kill you than TERRORISM.

The US government is spending trillions of your dollars funding a Quagmire that benefits nobody but the elite. We the people sit back with yellow ribbon magnets, ironically Made in China, which say “Support the Troops.” People stick them to their cars and think to themselves, “we support the troops” and call anyone who questions these wars, a hippie, a kook, a crazy person, a sympathizer, etc.

But who should be considered crazy? Should the person that stands up and speaks the truth; that there is no way to win a war started under false pretense and prolonged to the extent that suicide is the leading cause of death among US servicemen and women? Or should the person that wishes to continue this death and destruction in the name of fighting some constantly redefined and recreated enemy be called crazy? Is it crazy to see the impossible oxymoron of trying to spread FREEDOM through WAR as being a farce? Is society so depraved that it thinks people like Ron Paul are “weak on foreign policy” because they do not want to wage war on a country that has done NOTHING?

Jingoistic appeals to patriotism are not what make a free society. Sticking a magnet to your car and pledging blind obedience and unquestioning support for wars that one’s government illegally wages at the expense of our sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, and even mothers and fathers, is the antithesis of what a free person should do.

I speak from experience here, I spent 4 years as an intelligence operator in the USMC. If I learned anything it was that these brutal occupations in which the US drops billions of dollars of bombs on poor people armed with AK-47s and roadside bombs, are anything but honorable. The US is unequivocally creating enemies by the minute, throughout the world through empire spreading, nation building, and acting as the world’s police.

This foreign policy, if not throttled down and ended, will inevitably end in another World War; some contend that the US and ally forces are already engaged in the beginning of WWIII with recent violence in Syria.

Now for the chilling part, During WWII, there were a tiny handful of nuclear weapons, now there are tens of thousands; enough to completely destroy the Earth as we know it. The people behind the wheel right now are steering the US and the rest of the world into total chaos, and somehow its taboo to stand against it.

One should not be so quick in marching humanity off of a cliff. One should question the validity of sending our brothers and sisters and sons and daughters into harm’s way, every single time the issue comes up. There are supposed checks and balances built into this system of government that should prevent these types of undeclared wars, but as we have seen, they are a mere speed bump to those who seek personal gain from bloodshed.

A group of murderous sociopaths have their finger on the hair trigger that is a nuclear holocaust.

We must not give in to the war mongering propaganda that is shoved down our collective throats by ALL major media outlets. We must regain our humanity AND empathy for other humans. We must be courageous in the face of popular ignorance, and seek to lessen this ignorance by becoming informed and active.

We must cease this paradigm of self-destructive behavior and obstinacy. The power to change the world is in all of our hands, those in power are nothing without your consent and funding. Will we finance our own demise or wake up to the fact that criminally insane psychopaths are leading the proverbial lemming nation off of a cliff? The choice is yours.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55436,"April 4, 2014

Lake Central High School students in Indiana were upset that their school refused to allow them to grieve for a fellow student who had committed suicide over the weekend. So they staged a sit in to request one. Of course there were police involved.

The students gathered and sat on the floor of the Wedge and Main Street. After principals and other administrators got to the two scenes, multiple St. John police officers arrived to help supervise.

According to Lake Central News, The administration encouraged students to return to class, or go to the LGI. Around 1:30 p.m. students gathered into what became an open forum for their grief, the school’s reaction and what can be done from here.

Advertisment

“We should be given a chance to grieve as a school,” Natalia Kuzbiel a Sophomore, said in the forum.

After Mr. Robin Tobias, Principal, arrived, students originally greeted him with “Ohs;” however, after Aaron Scott (10) asked for some respect from the student body, the students applauded as he entered.

At 1:34 p.m., the room observed a moment of silence, as the students requested. Students were also looking for the administration to make a school-wide announcement.

Principal Tobias went on to say how disappointed he was in the students. Next, one student, whose name has yet to be released, simply replied, “And we’re disappointed in you too.” A few minutes later he was dragged out of the room by two Schererville Officers.

Please excuse the sideways video.

The heartening aspect of this situation is that approximately 200 students were willing to stand up to the system and demand what they deemed was just. This says a lot about the youth today.

Was this student’s arrest justified? Or, is this an example of the encroaching police state and a sign of things to come?

Let us know how you feel about it in the comments below.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103495,"Riverside, OH — Zack Shawhan is an epileptic. He carries medicine on his keys and a special ID card to identify himself to others when he experiences a medical episode. Until now, Shawhan has dealt with his condition, living a normal life and receiving help from others when having seizures. However, all that changed when he had a seizure and met officer Ron Reardon of the Riverside Police Department. This brutal interaction was all captured on the officer’s dashcam.

In November of last year, Shawhan had a seizure while he was driving, which caused him to have a minor fender bender. When police arrived on the scene, Shawhan was still very much in the midst of his medical emergency. However, Reardon was clearly unaware of how to deal with a person in a medical emergency — or even an accident victim for that matter.

As the video begins, the first officer to arrive on scene contacted Shawhan to see if he was okay. The first officer was a little more apt to look for a medical emergency than Reardon. Shawhan wasn’t responding to his questions and appeared to be in distress when the officer said he tried to stand up.

As Shawhan tries to stand, the first officer yanks him out of the vehicle and throws him to the ground. This officer’s response was warranted as Shawhan was in legal possession of a firearm and him not being responsive was cause for concern. The family even noted that the way the first officer responded was entirely just.

“I completely blacked out can’t talk, I just don’t have no movement,” Shawhan said of his seizure. He explained that it can take 30 minutes for him to come to after having a seizure.

After the first officer pulled Shawhan to the ground and had him entirely under control, and in handcuffs, that’s when Reardon showed up to dish out some punishment.

Advertisment

“You f**ked up buddy,” says Reardon as he walks up to the restrained epileptic man in the middle of a medical emergency, grabs him by the head, and slams it into the concrete.

“The last thing you do to an accident victim is go up to them grab them by the head, twist their head and push it into the ground,” said Shawhan’s attorney Bill Daly.

“What he did was wrong there is no justification of that that is not a Police tactic, that is not a Police move you learn in the Academy,” Daly said about Reardon’s actions.

Daly is now representing the family in a lawsuit against the Riverside police department seeking payment for the legal fees the family has incurred as a result of Reardon’s actions. Because the officers considered Shawhan’s lack of response to their commands ‘resisting’, they charged him with a crime. The family’s attorney is also asking for these charges to be dropped.

The person who is actually guilty of committing a crime, which was subsequently recorded on video, is officer Reardon. However, because police can attack and assault innocent people with impunity, Reardon will not be charged with a crime. Instead, he was ‘punished’ with a vacation.

According to a statement from the department, Reardon received a whopping 3-day suspension and nothing else.

Officer Reardon was placed on Administrative leave as soon as the incident was reviewed. A criminal investigation was done by BCI, a Special Prosecutor was brought in to review the case. An internal investigation was launched as soon as the criminal investigation was completed. No charges were filed and Officer Reardon was suspended for 3 days for policy violations.

To be clear, if an average citizen walked up to a man on the street — regardless of the seizure, medical emergency, or handcuffs — and slammed their head into the pavement, they would most certainly be charged with a crime. However, if your job is to ostensibly ‘protect’ society, you can do this and face no accountability.

Sadly, this brutal response by police to those in medical emergencies is not all that uncommon.

In September of last year, the Free Thought Project brought you the story of two Oklahoma state troopers who mistook a man’s medical emergency for a crime. So, they dragged him from his vehicle and gave him a gang-style beating.

Before that assault, another man was beaten and assaulted by a brutally ignorant officer. On May 4th, 2015, David Washington was driving his car down Route 1 near the University of Mary Washington when he experienced a medical emergency. The emergency caused him to black out, hit a jeep, and cross over the median striking a road sign.

The driver of the jeep called 911 to report the crash and officer Shaun Jergens arrived on the scene. Body cam footage shows that Jergens cared not about the man in obvious medical distress.

As Jergens approached the car, the distressed and barely responsive Washington was blasted pepper-sprayed and tasered.

“Get out the car or I’m going to fucking smoke you,” says Jergens after assaulting Washington.

Jergens then dragged the sick man out of his car and continued his assault by laying him on the hot asphalt. As if being pepper-sprayed, tasered, thrown on the ground and handcuffed wasn’t enough, police allowed the car to roll on top of Washington’s foot.

No charges have been filed against Jergens for his abuse. None of the officers involved face charges for failing to stop this assault either. However, Washington was charged with hit-and-run, hit-and-run (property damage), reckless driving, and driving on a revoked or suspended license.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96219,"Tbilisi, Georgia – A heartbreaking viral video by NowThis, highlighting the UNICEF #FightUnfair campaign – exposes how homeless children are treated worse than well-dressed kids – as part of a “social experiment” conducted in Tbilisi, Georgia.

According to the UNICEF website the campaign aims to give underprivileged children an opportunity:

“Every child has the right to a fair chance in life. But around the world, millions are being left behind – disadvantaged, endangered and deprived of everything they need to thrive. It doesn’t need to be this way. Investing in the poorest children not only improves their lives, but also their children’s lives – breaking the vicious cycle of poverty.”

Advertisment

And while the majority of people commenting on the video seemed appalled that the child was so explicitly rejected when made up to “look homeless,” there were others that pushed back against having such harsh judgment passed upon those that were rude or suspicious of the child.

One person claiming to be a native Georgian, where the experiment was conducted, noted in the comments that many of the negative responses you see are likely due to the fact that Georgians have become desensitized to the plight of these children. They see them as instruments of corrupt adults simply using the children to fleece those who are kind and unsuspecting enough to render assistance.

The harsh reality is that in many countries, homeless kids who are forced to go begging by adult overseers, sometimes parents, and whatever they’re given is taken away by the adults who “own” the children. This, in turn, creates a sense within individuals in that society of a perceived direct threat simply from associating with these homeless kids.

It’s the criminal adults directing the majority of these kids who have created this stereotype that should be blamed for these people’s crude actions — and not the people on the street that are simply attempting avoid becoming victimized.

It should be noted that pointing these facts out is not advocating for the discrimination against homeless children. This is called a social experiment for a reason: it shows how the majority of a particular society behaves under a certain circumstance. And the fact that the outcome shows discrimination towards homeless kids is extremely troubling.

It is highly likely that one would find substantially different responses depending upon what country the experiment was conducted. Not all countries suffer from the same level of predatory behavior utilizing homeless children in an attempt to fleece unsuspecting and caring strangers.

While the video is very difficult to watch, it is important not to simply condemn those who acted the way they did. We should look at this video’s message from a broader perspective, and together discuss how to change the stereotype about homeless people and homeless children with a more all-encompassing approach.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96283,"An infuriating video of a man being harassed by San Diego police was uploaded to Youtube highlighting the asinine persecution doled out by those sworn to protect.

In this short video, a man was simply walking down the sidewalk when he noticed multiple cop cars stalking him. So, he began to film them.

The cops had apparently targetted him, and there was nothing that he was going to do to prevent his harassment. While he was filming the police cruisers, the man merely took one step off of the curb and the officers used this as their trigger to attack.

Advertisment

All of the sudden multiple units pull up and swarm this man who had done nothing wrong.

“Did I do anything wrong?” asks the man.

“You stepped off the curb!” assert the cops who are obviously far more interested in shaking down an innocent black man than they are with solving actual crimes.

“You stepped off the curb,” another officer says as if he’s robbed an old lady at gunpoint. The gang of officers then surround the man and place him in handcuffs as the video ends.

This video epitomizes the reason so many people have contempt for police in America. There is no protection here, there is no service. There is only harassment, followed by deprivations of rights, and most likely followed by an act of extortion — for stepping off of a curb.

Meanwhile, the San Diego police department has thousands of untested rape kits they refuse to investigate. After all, why investigate real crime when you can shake down poor people for petty offenses and force them to pay you money?

Below is the video that should be used as training for police in America — to show officers exactly why people are losing faith in the blue line.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48274,"President Trump’s son-in-law and top White House adviser, Jared Kushner failed miserably in disclosing the most pertinent information conceivable — business ties to billionaire globalist and manipulator, George Soros, PayPal co-founder, Peter Thiel, and Goldman Sachs — and that he owes fully $$1 billion in loans.

Tuesday’s Wall Street Journal reports,

“Mr. Kushner’s stake in Cadre—a tech startup that pairs investors with big real-estate projects—means the senior White House official is currently a business partner of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and billionaires including George Soros and Peter Thiel, according to people close to the company.

“The Cadre stake is one of many interests—and ties to large financial institutions—that Mr. Kushner didn’t identify on his disclosure form, according to a Wall Street Journal review of securities and other filings. Others include loans totaling at least $$1 billion, from more than 20 lenders, to properties and companies part-owned by Mr. Kushner, the Journal found. He has also provided personal guarantees on more than $$300 million of the debt, according to the analysis.”

To hold a position of power as high up in the Trump White House as Kushner, such connections and associations must be reviewed by ethics officials for potential conflicts of interest — in particular, to ensure political decisions will not serve either the adviser or his father-in-law.

According to one of his attorneys, Jamie Gorelick, Kushner owns a company called BFPS Ventures LLC — the parent or umbrella over Cadre — but the latter and ostensively more disputatious startup is not reported anywhere in the adviser’s mandatory financial disclosure forms.

Advertisment

Gorelick assured the WSJ the real-estate firm, Cadre, is indeed mentioned in a revised financial disclosure form, but that cannot be released to the public prior to analysis by ethics officials.

Further, none of Kushner’s whopping $$1 billion debt total had been fleshed out in those disclosures.

Despite the astronomical I.O.U. tallies and potentially explosive ties to the billionaire contentious provocateur, Soros — who, incidentally, provided Kushner a $$250 million line of credit — Gorelick insisted any revision to a financial disclosure form is considered “very normal,” since attorneys, not Kushner, prepared the information.

She added Trump’s son-in-law had indeed previously discussed the newly revealed information with the Office of Government Ethics and he has already “resigned from Cadre’s board, assigned his voting rights, and reduced his ownership share.”

Thus far, the Office of Government Ethics has not responded to the Journal’s request for comment on the matter.

Former Federal Election Commission chair, Trevor Potter, aligned with other ethics experts in noting the business ties through Cadre and related debts must ordinarily be disclosed — but stopped short of calling the failure to publicly disclose the information a substantive violation of rules.

However, business connections and related debts, they said, must be disclosed to officials so that Kushner would be forced to recuse himself upon any future conflicts of interest where investors and businesses could stand to gain from such a high-level association and vice versa.

“Mr. Kushner,” the WSJ continues, “the 36-year-old scion of a real-estate family, agreed with federal ethics officials to divest more than 80 assets after he and his wife Ivanka were hired by her father, President Donald Trump, to be senior aides. White House officials have said some of the sales were needed to avoid potential conflicts between Mr. Kushner’s far-reaching job duties and his personal financial interests.”

All told, Trump’s adviser retained some 200 assets worth $$116 million, largely in properties throughout the United States — but has refused to place those assets into a blind trust, as called for by ethics experts.

Kushner cofounded Cadre in 2014 with his brother, Joshua, and a longtime friend and business partner, Ryan Williams — and substantial assistance from a number of high-powered Goldman Sachs investors, including Thiel.

Cadre then garnered a $$250 million line of credit from billionaire George Soros, who — known in the U.S. primarily for financial and political support of the Democrat Party, and thus also a general adversary of Republicans — also reportedly invested heavily in the company in 2015, prior to Trump’s bid for the presidency was announced.

The Journal also notes that, although Kushner putatively stepped back from positions of authority in Cadre, as owner, he retains the power to “influence the [firm’s] management or policies,” as stated in public information from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

Chief Executive Williams asserted Cadre has cooperated with regulators in updating disclosures to “reflect Jared’s non-operational, non-management relationship with the company, which has been in place since the inauguration.”

“BFPS Ventures, the company that Mr. Kushner’s lawyer says holds his Cadre stake, is shown on his financial disclosure form as owning unspecified New York real estate valued at more than $$50 million. The form adds that ‘the conflicting assets of this interest have been divested,’” the Wall Street Journal explains.

An analysis by the outlet found Kushner’s assets could be easily tied to multiple U.S. and foreign Big Banks, private equity firms, and government-owned lenders.

And lenders to Kushner — allocated for real estate or to him, directly — the Journal found, “include Bank of America Corp. , Blackstone Group LP, Citigroup Inc., UBS Group AG, Deutsche Bank AG and Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC. Royal Bank of Scotland didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment; representatives of the other firms declined to comment.”

While a number of investors and associates of Kushner’s declined to comment on these revelations, those who did, dismissed the news as typical and unconcerning to the public.

“Anything that presents a potential for the conflict of interest should be disclosed so that the public and the press can monitor this,” Potter told the Journal, while downplaying the severity of previously undisclosed information.

Unnamed sources told the Journal Kushner would indeed recuse himself in matters pertaining to Deutsche Bank or RBS, to which he provided personal guarantees on loaned funds.

However, Kushner’s legerdemain in failing to disclose debts to Bank of America, Blackstone Group, Citigroup, UBS, Deutsche Bank, and RBS, until now, should not exactly instill confidence in any declarations of transparency on financial matters.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87885,"April 21, 2014

Apparently being surrounded by hundreds of witnesses and television cameras was not an issue when it came to this Georgetown Police Officer beating up on high school kids.

In the video below you can see students, who were in good spirit, and sober, run on to the field to celebrate their win with their team.

Advertisment

As you see students rush the field after the win, a uniformed Georgetown police officer can be seen sticking his leg out to trip a high school student. He then tries to trip another student.

Like an infant tyrant throwing a temper tantrum, this jackboot realizes he can’t stop everyone, becomes enraged, and starts picking off stragglers.

A youtube video shot by one of the students shows a kid limping off of the field as well as this thug manhandling two girls.

According to KXAN, a spokesman for the Georgetown Police Department said parents began emailing the department early Sunday morning, alerting them of the video.

The Georgetown Police Department issued a statement Sunday evening.

“Georgetown administrators have taken the information and will be forwarding it to internal affairs for review and investigation,” GPD Captain Roland Waits said.

The department was not able to provide information regarding the officer Sunday, but officials tell KXAN they plan to release more details Monday.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50370,"New Port Richey, FL — The Pasco County Sheriff’s Office is under much-deserved fire this week after they took to their official Facebook page and humiliated a woman who was merely trying to conceive a child with her husband.

Felicia Nevins and her husband, according to the Tampa Bay Times, have been trying to conceive a child for three years now. Their last option was to try artificial insemination, something they hadn’t even told their own family about.

However, thanks to the inconsiderate and unprofessional deputies with the Pasco County Sheriff’s Office, her family, and the rest of the world now knows about their artificial insemination plans.

“I didn’t want any of this,” Nevins told the Tampa Bay Times.

The public humiliation via police on Facebook began last week when Nevins said she called the non-emergency line for help last week.

To preserve her husband’s sperm for an artificial insemination, Nevins stored it in a stainless steel thermos with dry ice. However, the instructions from the doctors told them to remove the O-ring on the thermos as the seal could hold the gas escaping from the dry ice inside and turn the thermos into a bomb. Nevins said she forgot to remove the O-ring and that’s when she called for help.

Advertisment

Nevins said she forgot to remove the O-ring after placing the vials of sperm in the container, and that’s when she called for help.

A deputy and two firefighters showed up and helped her diffuse the problem. According to Nevins, they were nice and kept the matter entirely private, even from her nosy neighbors.

“The officer told them it was a private matter,” Nevins said, “and he treated it as a private matter.”

Although the deputy and the firefighters kept her intimate situation private, the sheriff’s department did not.

Using a stock photo of a woman in disgust, the department took to Facebook to humiliate Nevins by revealing her intimate situation to the world.

As the Tampa Bay Times reports:

The post didn’t use Nevins’ name, but she said there were enough details — her age, location and time of the incident — for reporters and curious citizens to figure out who she was by searching public records. That night, a TV news crew appeared on her doorstep with a camera. She spoke to them, but declined to identify herself. She said she spoke to the Tampa Bay Times on the record Friday because her name is “already out there.” The sheriff’s Facebook post was shared more than 200 times by Friday. The Pasco County Sheriff’s Office has said it’s all part of its social media strategy.

Naturally, the sheriff’s department is defending their post, noting that it was in the interest of public safety to publicly humiliate this woman.

“We attempt to show every day what our officers see in calls and we are a very open agency about the types of calls we see each day,” Pasco Sheriff Chris Nocco said in a statement. “This was a very unique call faced by our officers as well as Pasco fire fighters … make no mistake, this was a potentially dangerous situation … we are grateful that no damage was done.”

The Sheriff’s Office later released this statement: “As unusual as this situation was, it was important to provide this type of safety information contained in the post. We always encourage everyone to contact us if they find themselves in a position where they need help.

“In these types of situations, we never publicly release names or identifying information. Unfortunately, this information was obtained through a public records request of our reports and was published by the media.”

The sheriff’s statement of attempting to inform the public of the dangers of dry ice may have held some water. However, their choice of image, depicting a disgusted woman with her hand up, removed all doubt that their intentions were genuine. One commenter on the post pointed this out as well.

Many of the comments on the post, by the tens of thousands of apparently unkind followers of the Pasco sheriff’s office, were demeaning and chastised Nevins, however. Some of them said that if she couldn’t follow directions for this process than she had no business being a mother.

All of this embarrassment and humiliation could’ve been avoided had the department maintained a single shred of professionalism.

As the Times reports, Nevins said the agency could have used social media to warn people about the dangers of dry ice without including details of her personal life — which also resulted in medical information being disclosed. Now she said she feels ashamed and embarrassed.

“I don’t see the comedy in it,” she said. “All I’m trying to do is become a mother and I’m being berated for it.”

Naturally, one would think after all the negative publicity the department is receiving from the tasteless and humiliating post that they would’ve pulled it down, right?

Wrong. As of Monday morning, the post is still live.

https://www.facebook.com/pascosheriff/photos/a.204821599556058.47006.140881115950107/1407637439274462/?type=3",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88534,"In a world where digital technology advances at a rapid rate, increasingly fewer people can seemingly resist the allure of looking at their phone or other digital devices, often to the detriment of being truly present in the moment.

It’s not uncommon, when walking down a busy street filled with people, to see more people looking at their phones than actually acknowledging the existence of the other people with a friendly “hello,” sharing a pleasant smile or even simply making eye contact.

Photographer Eric Pickersgill has captured this digital disconnect between people with a stunning series of photos. The images reveal exactly how removed from one another people are increasingly becoming as they choose the digital world over three-dimensional reality.

Pickersgill was inspired to create the project, which he titled Removed while sitting in a local café one morning and watching a family essentially ignoring one another:

Family sitting next to me at Illium café in Troy, NY is so disconnected from one another. Not much talking. Father and two daughters have their own phones out. Mom doesn’t have one or chooses to leave it put away. She stares out the window, sad and alone in the company of her closest family. Dad looks up every so often to announce some obscure piece of info he found online. Twice he goes on about a large fish that was caught. No one replies. I am saddened by the use of technology for interaction in exchange for not interacting. This has never happened before and I doubt we have scratched the surface of the social impact of this new experience. Mom has her phone out now.

It’s a virtual certainty that most of us see similar scenarios play out on a daily basis, or perhaps have even engaged in this behavior ourselves. To highlight the absurdity of how utterly disconnected people are becoming from one another he took photographs of everyday life with a twist; he removed the electronic objects from the pictures.

Advertisment

Here are some of the thought-provoking photos he posted on his website:

These photos serve as a reminder and wake-up call that we are missing out on valuable opportunities to be present and connected with other people, and to teach our children the value that exists in one human connecting with another.

This is not to lay the blame on the technology itself, as people ultimately choose whether they engage with those around them. A person’s inability to communicate, connect or truly be present with those they come into contact with cannot be blamed on a tool. The ultimate responsibility for creating meaningful relationships with others falls upon ourselves.

It is also important to note that when someone is looking at their phone, this doesn’t necessarily mean that they are detached from reality or the present. The smartphone’s ability to remove distance between friends, allow them to communicate in groups, in chats, voice, and video has paved the way for a broader communication among humanity.

For those looking to put down their phone down and to be more in the moment, an easy way to start is by choosing to start engaging in specific activities without a digital distraction. Take a walk, go for a hike, read a book, prepare a meal, spend time with family — without the distraction of social media and digital devices. Allow yourself the opportunity be more present and to engage with the people you care about most, or just say hello to a stranger.

Please share this if you or someone you know could benefit from being less connected digitally, and more present in the moment!

h/t- Collective Evolution

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, AlterNet, InfoWars, MintPressNews and maany other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
66144,"If someone told you that the U.S. government plotted terror attacks against targets on U.S. soil, that CIA had infiltrated the entirety of Western media and was using the media as a propaganda tool or that after World War II the U.S. secretly brought over a thousand Nazi scientists to the U.S to work on top secret projects for the federal government, people would likely say they were a wild conspiracy theorist.

On the surface these, “conspiracy theories” sound like insane movie plots produced by Hollywood, but sometimes the truth is stranger than fiction – and much more ominous.

Welcome to 2015, where tinfoil has become reality.

Let us guide you through 3 of the most tyrannical escapades ever endeavored upon by the United States government, proven through investigation and declassified documents.

Advertisment

1. Operation Northwoods

After the failed Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba in 1961, in the midst of the Cold War, a top secret plan was formulated, called Operation Northwoods. The operation was signed off on by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and made it all the way to President Kennedy’s desk, where he refused to sign off on the diabolical plot. Some of the most disturbing revelations of the op called for U.S. government agents to carry out terrorist attacks within the United States.

“We could develop a Communist Cuban terror campaign in the Miami area, in other Florida cities and even in Washington. The terror campaign could be pointed at Cuban refugees seeking haven in the United States. We could sink a boatload of Cubans en route to Florida (real or simulated). We could foster attempts on lives of Cuban refugees in the United States even to the extent of wounding in instances to be widely publicized. Exploding a few plastic bombs in carefully chosen spots, the arrest of Cuban agents and the release of prepared documents substantiating Cuban involvement also would be helpful in projecting the idea of an irresponsible government.”

To justify using the U.S. military in Cuba, the military was willing to engage in actual terrorist attacks on American soil. Let that sink in for a minute. This is not a crazy conspiracy theory, this actually happened and the only reason it wasn’t operationalized is because Kennedy said no.

2. Operation Mockingbird

This CIA operation began as the Cold War ramped up in the 1950’s. In an attempt to gather intelligence and influence public opinion, the CIA recruited journalists from across the United States. The program operated for nearly three decades and was deeply embedded in the fabric of American journalism. These compromised journalists provided the CIA direct access to some of the most prestigious media outlets in the country. The scope of the infiltration of the media was vast, encompassing newspapers, periodicals, press services, news agencies, radio and television stations, book publishers and foreign media outlets. A congressional investigation by the Church Committee exposed the vast propaganda program, stating:

“The CIA currently maintains a network of several hundred foreign individuals around the world who provide intelligence for the CIA and at times attempt to influence opinion through the use of covert propaganda.”

Respected journalist Carl Bernstein, writing about the depth of the CIA’s co-opting of media, wrote in Rollingstone in 1977:

“Some of these journalists’ relationships with the Agency were tacit; some were explicit. There was cooperation, accommodation and overlap. Journalists provided a full range of clandestine services — from simple intelligence-gathering to serving as go betweens with spies in Communist countries. Reporters shared their notebooks with the CIA. Editors shared their staffs. Some of the journalists were Pulitzer Prize winners, distinguished reporters who considered themselves ambassadors without portfolio for their country. Most were less exalted – foreign correspondents who found that their association with the Agency helped their work; stringers and freelancers who were as interested in the derring-do of the spy business as in filing articles; and, the smallest category, full-time CIA employees masquerading as journalists abroad. In many instances, CIA documents show, journalists were engaged to perform tasks for the CIA with the consent of the managements of America’s leading news organizations.”

3. Operation Paperclip

Operation Paperclip was the codename for an operation in which US intelligence and military services secretly brought Nazi scientists to the U.S., permanently repatriating them as World War II came to a close. Originally the project was called Operation Overcast, and is also referred to as Project Paperclip.

The U.S. showed particular interest in scientists specializing in aerodynamics and rocketry, chemical weapons, chemical reaction technology and medicine. These scientists and their families were secretly brought to the United States, without State Department review and approval. This is because their service for the Nazi party and SS memberships, as well as the classification of many as war criminals or security threats, disqualified them from officially obtaining visas.

President Truman had ordered the exclusion of anyone who was “a member of the Nazi Party, and more than a nominal participant in its activities, or an active supporter of Nazi militarism.” This would have excluded most of the leading Nazi scientists, so to circumvent Truman’s order, the Joint Intelligence Objectives Agency (JIOA), created false political biographies for the scientists. JIOA then went on to expunge all records of the scientists’ affiliation with the Nazi party and grant each of them U.S. government security clearances, thus allowing them to work on highly classified projects for the U.S. military.

The majority of the 1,500 Nazi scientists were deployed to various military testing sites to work on guided missile and ballistic missile technology, along with numerous other scientific endeavors. These actions, in turn, led to the foundation of NASA and the U.S. ICBM program.

All three of these “theories” have been brushed off by many as “crazy” and unrealistic even though there is concrete evidence to prove them all to be true. These types of insanely horrific conspiracies will continue to occur until enough people pull their heads out of the sand; and let it be known that we see what the man behind the curtain is doing.

With knowledge of these heinous acts, one must question exactly what type of similar operations are currently being run by the U.S. government, without the knowledge of the American public.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103898,"Westfield, MA – A bar was raided by police during a packed event because they were concerned that the building was over capacity. They then charged the DJ with disorderly conduct for the music he chose to play while the police were evacuating the building.

The bar was around 100 to 200 people over capacity, but this often happens when live music events take place in bars because the capacity is typically estimated for a restaurant, considering tables on the floorspace and aisles for people to walk. When the tables are taken out, and a bar is set up for a live music event, the amount of people who can safely occupy the area more than doubles.

Unfortunately, police decided to shut down the event anyway.

Advertisment

As police were shutting down the event, 25-year-old Kashawn Harris, AKA DJ Boogy, decided to spin N.W.A.’s classic track “F*ck tha Police.” He played the track immediately after police asked him to turn the music down, in an act of civil disobedience.

The officers claimed that Harris was attempting to incite a riot.

“I believed at that time the combination of alcohol, the excessive amount of people in the bar and the song that the DJ chose to play at that time was an intentional act by the DJ to incite the crowd which showed a reckless disregard for public safety,” Officer Juanita Mejias wrote in her report.

Harris says that it was just a coincidence that the police had shown up while he was playing that track since it was already cued up before they entered the building. He also said that only a snippet of the song was played before he shut off the music.

“I had no intention of inciting a riot, it was just college kids having fun. For them to even think I was trying to start riots was frustrating for me. That’s not my kind of background, that’s not where I come from,” Harris said.

Police did not say anything to Harris while they were at the bar, but later sent him a court summons which stated that he was being charged with disorderly conduct.

This legendary song has been getting people charged with disorderly conduct since it was first topping the charts, but now with NWA’s music seeing renewed interest thanks to the Straight Outta Compton movie, it is happening all over again.

As we reported last year, 26-year-old Cesar Baldelomar, a Harvard University graduate, who is currently attending law school, was pulled over by police and ticketed for playing the notorious song with his windows down.

https://youtu.be/1M8vei3L0L8

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95857,"“SWAT teams have been infiltrated by bullies with badges and guns who foster a mentality that killing criminals reduces recidivism”



Davis County, UT — William “Dub” Lawrence is a former city police officer, former US Marine, and former Sheriff of Davis County, who has awakened to the reality of Police State USA. Sadly this awakening was sparked by the murder of his son-in-law by a SWAT team that he created.

In September 2008, he watched helplessly as the same SWAT team he helped create over 30 years earlier shot and killed Brian Wood, his 36-year-old son-in-law.

Advertisment

Since this horrible atrocity, Lawrence has become a leader of the growing police reform movement.

Over the last couple of years Lawrence along with Brad Barber and Scott Christopherson, have created a documentary titled Peace Officer. According to Christopherson, who is a communications professor at St. Edwards University:

The film focuses on several cases in Utah, a recent hotbed for officer-involved shootouts and SWAT raids. The militarization of police has steadily grown since the 1960’s. Utah is a microcosm that represents those shifts and trends. Governmental immunity laws in Utah immediately exonerate police officers with little to no questioning of their actions. The film follows Dub Lawrence, a former sheriff who’s obsessed with uncovering the truth about the shooting death of his son-in-law, Brian Wood.

Peace Officer premiered at the film festival portion of South by Southwest 2015. It won the Documentary Feature Competition, chosen by the audience.

Below is the powerful trailer to this crow-funded film.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96019,"Ironically, it was independence day in McAlester, Oklahoma when Blake and his wife Britni were stopped for the absurd ‘offense’ of a license plate bulb not shining.

Blake is no dummy and knows extortion when he sees it, so he peacefully resisted.

Advertisment

“Britni and I have more time than money right now. So if he wants to pull me over for something ridiculous, I’d rather make him waste two hours of time filling out a police report stating he arrested me for a license plate light bulb…On the 4th of July.”

In the end, the they are let go and were not extorted.

Way to go Blake and Britni.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95443,"April 14, 2014

What good are lapel cams and microphones if the cops are disabling them? Why aren’t they being fired for this?

“No one likes to be monitored,” says Sid Heal, recently retired commander who evaluated technology during his decades-long tenure at the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. And? If you do not want to be filmed and recorded don’t be a cop.

Advertisment

According to the arstechnica.com, The Los Angeles Police Commission is investigating how half of the recording antennas in the Southeast Division went missing, seemingly as a way to evade new self-monitoring procedures that the Los Angeles Police Department imposed last year.

The antennas, which are mounted onto individual patrol cars, receive recorded audio captured from an officer’s belt-worn transmitter. The transmitter is designed to capture an officer’s voice and transmit the recording to the car itself for storage. The voice recorders are part of a video camera system that is mounted in a front-facing camera on the patrol car. Both elements are activated any time the car’s emergency lights and sirens are turned on, but they can also be activated manually.

According to the Los Angeles Times, an LAPD investigation determined that around half of the 80 patrol cars in one South LA division were missing antennas as of last summer, and an additional 10 antennas were unaccounted for. Citing a police source, the newspaper said that removing the antennas can reduce the range of the voice transmitters by as much as a third of the normal operating distance.

The Police Commission, an independent body that oversees LAPD policy, was only notified of the situation two months ago. Neither the commission nor the LAPD immediately responded for comment.

Dear LAPD, we do not care if you do not want to be monitored. If you would stop harassing, beating, kidnapping, and killing people for no reason, then, maybe, we will reconsider it. Until then, pipe down and deal with being held accountable.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75238,"The parents of an 18-year-old girl struck and killed Wednesday night by an unmarked York Regional Police vehicle say they want answers about how their daughter died.

“We want the truth,” said Guillermo Abogado. “We don’t want these things to happen again.”



Nastasha Carla Abogado, often called Carla, died after she was hit by a vehicle just after 8 p.m. at Warden Road and St. Clair Avenue East. She had just stepped off a TTC bus and was on her way home from work. The spot where she was hit is just steps away from the family home.

The vehicle involved in the accident is a Ford F-150 painted black with tinted windows. Police have confirmed it was driven by an on-duty York Regional Police officer, although the spot of the collision is in the jurisdiction of the Toronto Police Service. It’s not uncommon for York police to conduct investigations in Toronto, but police won’t say what the officer was doing when the collision occurred.

Residents say jaywalking is common in the area as people come and go from nearby Providence Health Centre.

Advertisment

Sonia and Guillermo Abogado said they want answers about what happened on the night their daughter died. (CBC)

The pickup involved in the collision has a black box event recorder, which may offer details about what happened.

For now, the province’s Special Investigations Unit, which investigates whenever someone is hurt or killed in an interaction with police, is investigating.

Carla’s parents Sonia and Guillermo, spoke to CBC’s John Lancaster. Both say they are overcome with grief and want clear answers about what happened the night their daughter died.

Guillermo Abogado told CBC he had been calling his daughter’s cellphone when she didn’t come home on time Wednesday night. He noticed the commotion down the street from his house and went to investigate.

“I asked [the police officer] what happened and they say ‘There’s an accident that involved an 18-year-old girl,'” he said.

The truck involved in the accident that killed Nastasha Carla Abogado was an unmarked York Regional Police vehicle driven by an on-duty officer. (CBC)

“I … asked the police officer ‘Is the name of the girl Carla?’ The policeman never answered. That’s the time I know that it was my daughter, because he never answered.”

Two officers went to the family home on Wednesday to tell them Carla had died. Police were not able to offer the family details, saying only that the accident is under investigation.

“My Carla is a young, beautiful religious young lady,” said Abogado, who said his daughter was saving money for university. “She goes to church every Sunday. We love and miss her very much.”

Source: CBC.CA",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89257,"A phone call to the Payette PD led to a visit by an officer who was courteous, professional, and who provided no practical help of any kind. He did arrest one suspect, a mentally deficient man who readily admitted to the officer that he had taken the property because an unspecified “they” had told him it was “all right” to do so.

Neither the responding officer, nor the colleague who took over the case when the first officer went on vacation, expended any effort to identify who “they” were, or to press charges against the accomplices. The case was closed with the arrest of a solitary man — a registered sex offender — who “became somewhat upset [because] he was the only one who was going to be in trouble for the thefts that occurred, because he was honest,” as an investigative report summarized.

“The police wouldn’t bother to fingerprint my stolen property,” Elizabeth Puckett, the owner of the property, recounted to me. “When I asked why, the officer said, `Well, we’re not CSI.’” It shouldn’t be assumed that the Payette PD is consistently insouciant about the collection of forensic evidence. A few years ago, Puckett recalls, she received a visit from the Animal Control officer (an official with whom I’ve had some experience) after the department received a report that “we had a dog that looked like a pit bull.”

A county ordinance enacted several years ago during a spasm of civic alarm forbids residents to “own, possess, keep, exercise control over, maintain, harbor, transport, buy or sell” pit bulls or “dangerous dogs” displaying pit bull characteristics. Those who owned such dogs prior to enactment of the ban were required to register them with the police (who were exempt from the ordinance, of course), “keep $$1 million liability insurance, have a microchip ID … implanted in the dog, and pay an annual pit bull license fee.” Dogs owned by people not in compliance with the edict “are subject to impoundment and destruction.”

“The officer told us that if we were going to keep it we would have to have a blood test,” Elizabeth recalled. “So I would have had to pay $$100 for a blood test, and still could lose the dog if it displayed the wrong `characteristics.’ So I just let the dog go.”

The same Payette Police Department that couldn’t help Elizabeth recover her stolen property was diligent intaking her property, even though she had done no injury to anybody else. This is because the Payette PD, like every other agency of its kind, is involved in law enforcement, rather than the protection of persons and property. It defines its role in terms of what its officers can do to people, rather than what they are required to do for people.

No, Police Don’t Work for You

When a disgusted citizen tells an abusive police officer that he pays the officer’s salary, the victim is committing a category error. Those of us who constitute the productive sector don’t pay the police; they are paid by the people who plunder our property at gunpoint. Once it is understood that police employed by the people who commit aggression against our property, we shouldn’t be surprised that police are of practically no value in terms of protecting property against criminal aggression. Police are properly seen as retail-level distributors of violence on behalf of the coercion cartel.

Law enforcement is a “product” we are forced to buy, and severely punished — through summary application of torture, or even by death — if we refuse. Since law enforcement operates as a monopoly, rather than through the market, there is no legitimate pricing mechanism to guide rational allocation of resources, and no way to measure “customer” satisfaction — although using the term “customer” in this context is a bit like using the term “girlfriend” to describe a rape victim.

Indeed, the institutional response of law enforcement to public dissatisfaction is to expand and escalate the behavior that inspired the discontent, and treat persistent criticism as evidence of criminal intent. Witness recent developments in Albuquerque, where outrage over serial police homicides — including the death squad-style murder last March of James Boyd, an unarmed homeless man — generated a substantial organized protest movement.

Advertisment

After infuriated protesters took control of a city council meeting to place the defiant APD Chief Gorden Eden “on trial,” the city government’s reaction was not to cashier the official who had instigated the outrage, but rather to impose new restrictions on citizen participation in city council meetings.

When protesters held a subsequent public “mock trial” of Chief Eden at a peaceful public demonstration, the gathering was infiltrated by a several undercover police officers, including a detective who had shot a 20-year-old in the stomach during a drug sting in 2010. As public frustration and discontent continue to rise in Albuquerque, the APD has responded to the growing dissatisfaction of its “clientele” by spending $$350,000 to purchase 350 AR-15 rifles – the same type that were used to slaughter Boyd in the foothills outside the city just a few weeks earlier.

The Albuquerque Police Department, like dozens of others nation-wide, has displayed what the Justice Department calls a “pattern and practice” of excessive force. If it were a private corporation, it would be the target of lawsuits and, most likely, criminal prosecution. Unlike a private entity, however, a police department is protected by the fiction of “sovereign immunity,” and its employees are shielded from personal accountability through “qualified immunity.”

While exceptionally corrupt police departments are occasionally disbanded, their “markets” are quickly captured by other agencies that will provide the same “service.” Individual police officers who distinguish themselves through abusive and criminal behavior — which, given the competition, is a significant accomplishment — sometimes find themselves briefly unemployed. However, they often become “gypsy cops” and find employment elsewhere as state-licensed purveyors of violence.

“Operational Security” rather than Accountability

One fact not adequately understood by the public is that even geographically local police departments are not locally accountable. Police chiefs are not elected officials; they are appointed by the municipal corporation that employs them. Police departments describe themselves as public agencies for the purpose of “qualified immunity.” However, as the recent ACLU report on police militarization revealed, an increasing number of police agencies are claiming to be “private corporations” exempt from open records laws.

This isn’t the only tactic employed by police agencies to impede transparency and accountability to the public supposedly “served” by them.

I recently filed a public records request with the Malheur County Sheriff’s Office regarding the disposal of a huge quantity of marijuana that had been seized by a nearby multi-jurisdictional narcotics task force. Undersheriff Travis Johnson informed me that he could provide “photo documentation” of the marijuana being buried at a local landfill. “The cost to produce those records will be one hour of labor at $$48.11 and one CD at $$10 for a total of $$58.11,” according to Johnson.

Both the “labor” and materials involved in fulfilling that records request have already been paid for. The information — which, interestingly, was not provided to the defense as discovery during a recently-concluded trial — should be easy to find. All that is necessary would be for a MCSO functionary to insert a CD into a computer and click a mouse. A single CD — assuming that Malheur County buys them in bulk – would cost less than twenty cents. The market rate for an hour of labor by a “copy specialist” is less than nine dollars. The amount cited to me by Undersheriff Johnson reflects the price structure of a monopoly, which in this case is trying to impede public scrutiny of its actions by making it cost-prohibitive to pursue public records requests.

Opacity of this kind is hardly compatible with a “public service” agency. It is entirely appropriate, however, for an entity that sees the public as hostile and thus makes “operational security” a priority.

Even before “local” police agencies were effectively satellitized by the federal government they were paramilitary bodies designed to operate as occupation forces, rather than as a protective service. In creating his London Metropolitan Police, Robert Peel adapted the model he had employed in creating the “Peace Preservation Force,” a specialized unit within the 20,000-man military contingent Peel had commanded as military governor of occupied Ireland.

Peel’s Militaristic Model

Writing in the December 1961 Journal of Modern History, Galen Broekker observed that when Peel was appointed governor in 1814, his objective in creating the Peace Preservation Force was “`pacifying’ a recalcitrant population.” For several years prior to Peel’s appointment, rural insurgents called “banditti” had been fighting among themselves and occasionally attacking British outposts. Of much greater concern to occupation authorities, however, was evidence of involvement by “respectable people” in “insurrectionary activity of a political nature.”

At the time of Peel’s arrival, the crime rate in Ireland wasn’t particularly high, so he took advantage of a “lull” to “muster the forces of authority in anticipation of the inevitable trouble to come” as English authorities took aggressive action to stamp out separatism. The “Peace Preservation Force” — which was the prototype for every modern police agency — wasn’t designed to protect person and property from criminal aggression, but rather to protect a political elite. This is why Peel’s London Metropolitan Police Force was initially greeted with hostility by conservatives in the British Parliament and the public at large, who often referred to officers as “Blue Locusts.” Within a decade, however, Peel’s model was firmly entrenched in London, and migrated across the Atlantic to New York City.

As evangelists of “Manifest Destiny” carved their bloody path to the Pacific, an Americanized version of Peel’s police concept was among the chief tenets of their gospel of government-imposed “civilization.” It wasn’t until the early 1970s, however, that the latent militarism of the police was given expression when the Nixon administration declared “war” on drugs. This led to the proliferation of SWAT teams, which were modelled after counter-insurgency units organized by the CIA as part of its Phoenix Program in Vietnam.

Declining Crime, Escalating Police Militarism

Beginning in the 1970s, the official rhetoric of law enforcement became overtly martial, a tendency that has grown in crescendo. However, by most measures, violent crime has been in decline for five decades. A similar trend is visible regarding on-the-jo b police fatalities. Joseph McNamara, former NYPD Deputy Inspector, points out that police “work” is actually much safer today than it has been in a half-century or more. Law enforcement is not found in the top ten “most dangerous occupations” in the annual list compiled by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

Yet police insist that the United States “has become a war zone,” in the words of Sheriff Michael Gayer of Indiana’s Pulaski County. This is entirely true — but only in the sense that the police consider themselves at war with the public, and have fully embraced a mindset compatible with their role as an occupying army.

As was the case when Peel created his “Peace Preservation Force” in Ireland two centuries ago, the Power Elite has been relentlessly expanding its domestic army of occupation and indoctrinating those enlisted therein to see the public as its enemy — ” in anticipation of the inevitable trouble to come.”

Just a few weeks ago, the House of Representatives recently rejected, by a dramatic margin, an amendment to a military spending bill proposed by Florida Democratic Representative Alan Grayson that would have placed theoretical limits on the transfer of war-fighting assets to local police departments. Mind you, that measure would not have shut down the Pentagon’s pipeline to the police; it would have forbidden future transfers of high-capacity weaponry, including armed drones, armored vehicles, grenade launchers, “toxicological agents,… guided missiles, ballistic missiles, rockets, torpedoes, bombs, mines, or nuclear weapons.”

The amendment was rejected by a vote of 355 to 62 — which means that 355 members of the House of Representatives, the branch of the federal legislature supposedly most accountable to the people, are on record refusing to rule out the transfer of nuclear weapons to your “local” police agency. Some of the most outspoken critics of Grayson’s amendment waxed indignant in condemning critics of the ongoing militarization of the police.

“This is absolutely ludicrous to think that the equipment that is utilized by law enforcement is utilized for any reason except for public safety interests, and it happens across this nation every day in a responsible way,” harrumphed Florida Republican Representative Rich Nugent, a former sheriff. Nugent is correct about one thing: Military-grade hardware and war-fighting tactics are used by police “every day”: On average, there are 124 SWAT deployments every day, nearly all of them carried out as drug enforcement raids or to enforce routine search warrants. Many, if not most, of those raids are carried out after sunset or before the dawn.

There is no country on earth where citizens are more likely to experience the “midnight knock” than the United States of America. That fact surely reflects the interests of those who want to monopolize power, rather than a market demand for “security.”

Keynesian Cops

As part of the Obama administration’s “stimulus” package in 2009, the Justice Department increased spending on its Byrne grant and COPS programs — two major conduits for local law enforcement subsidies –by more than $$4 billion. At the same time, the Pentagon expanded its 1033 program, through which military-grade hardware and vehicles are provided, on concessionary terms, to local police. The predictable, and subsequently observed, impact of this example of police state Keynesianism was a dramatic escalation in police militancy toward the public. But these federally created distortions in the “security” market have created other, less visible burdens on the public as well.

The police department in Nampa, Idaho, a city of about 80,000 people with a crime rate well below the national average, was one of more than 400 to receive a Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protected (MRAP) vehicle through the Pentagon’s 1033 program. Over the past two years, the Nampa PD also purchased a new fleet of Ford Taurus Police Interceptor patrol vehicles. However, in June Chief Craig Kingsbury went to the City Council to ask for funding to purchase a dozen additional SUV patrol vehicles because the Interceptors “aren’t popular with many of the department’s officers — they’re cramped and uncomfortable for long patrols,” reported the Idaho Press-Tribune.

In the hierarchy of public concerns, “officer comfort” apparently resides very close to the sacred imperative of “officer safety.” Rather than requiring his subordinates to adapt to their vehicles in order to serve their “customers” better, Kingsbury insists on getting another $$441,000 in plundered funds to serve the creature comfort of Nampa’s costumed tax-feeders.

Question: If the need for new patrol vehicles is so acute, why doesn’t the Nampa PD sell off its spanking-new MRAP, which has a listed market value of about $$500,000? Like hundreds of other departments, the Nampa PD got the MRAP not because of an actual need, but because the Pentagon was willing to give it to them at practically no expense. If we were to assume that the SUV patrol vehicles are a “necessity,” the MRAP should be regarded as a luxury and liquidated as such. That’s how a market-based enterprise would operate, in any case.

However, the only market for MRAPs consists of other police departments that can get them from the Pentagon at negligible expense. Even if the people running the Nampa PD were sufficiently rational and mature to sell off their dangerous new toy, they wouldn’t find a buyer. Unless austerity is somehow imposed on the Nampa PD, the city’s tax victims will eventually be forced to pay nearly the entire price of the “free” MRAP that was provided to the department — a vehicle that has no conceivable use other than providing “force protection” during SWAT raids of the kind that have become commonplace.

Predation, not protection

Like most other police agencies, the Nampa PD devours roughly half the municipal budget, and much of that expense is devoted to salaries. In 2010, seven of the ten highest-paid municipal positions in Nampa were filled by “public safety” officials, only one of whom — Fire Chief Karl Malott — was not a police officer. Coming in at number four on that list was Corporal (now Sergeant) Jason Cantrell, who received $$104,173 in total compensation — nearly as much as then-Chief Bill Augsburger. Another corporal, Chadrick Shepard, finished at ninth place on the list with an annual haul of $$93,559.

The median salary for a Nampa patrol officer is $$50,214 – about $$4,000 more than Idaho’s median household income, and roughly $$14,000 more than the typical household income in the city supposedly “served” by that police department. A “parking and compliance officer” for the Nampa PD – that is, a state functionary who writes parking tickets — can expect a starting salary of $$13.50 an hour. By way of contrast, an entry-level “security officer” employed by Secure Solutions to provide protection for private and commercial property in neighboring Boise is offered $$10.00 an hour.

These disparities in compensation are not the product of natural market forces, because police and private security officers are not serving the same market: The later protect property, the former protect those who prey upon it. Even in the era of the all-encompassing Homeland Security State,privately employed security officers outnumber government-employed cops by at least three to one.

If government law enforcement agencies performed the advertised function of “protecting and serving” property rights, it wouldn’t be necessary for property owners to pay for their own security services. It has been known for decades — specifically, since the Police Foundation’s year-long study of the impact of “preventive patrols” on crime rates in the early 1970s — that government law enforcement patrols do nothing to reduce or deter property crimes, such as “burglaries, auto thefts, larcenies … robberies, or vandalism.” Private security services, such as Detroit’s Threat Management Center, provide much better protection – as do armed citizens, as Detroit’s Police Chief James Craig has admitted.

Once again, this isn’t surprising: Government-employed police have no enforceable duty to protect persons and property, even those to whom they have made explicit promises of individual protection. In fact, citizens are expected to protect the police – and some have found themselves being sued by officers who accused them of failing to provide that protection.

New York City was the first jurisdiction to adopt Peel’s model of paramilitary policing. Three years ago, NYPD officer Terrance Howell, who had been sent to find a deranged slasher-killer named Maxim Gelman, who had murdered three people, watched from the operator’s booth of a subway car while a martial arts expert named Joseph Lozito tackled and subdued the suspect. As Gelman slashed at the back of Lozito’s head, the desperate, bleeding man pleaded for help from Officer Howell, who did nothing to intervene. It was not until after Lozito had pinned Gelman to the floor and disarmed him that Howell emerged from his secure location and told Lozito, “You can get up now.”

Howell, the “hero cop” who was photographed triumphantly escorting Gelman in handcuffs, admitted to a member of a grand jury that he had hid from the suspect out of fear for his safety. After Lozito filed a tort claim for negligence, city attorney David Santoro explained that “Under well-established law, the police are not liable for such incidents” because police have “no special duty” to protect any individual citizen – even one who is literally bleeding to death a few feet away as he heroically subdues a psychotic murderer.

“Next time you hear people call cops trigger-happy or complain about their overtime and pensions, think of Police Officer Terrance Howell,”pontificated the New York Daily News in a reflexive paean to the police after Gelman’s arrest.

Ironically, that is a very good suggestion. Here is a better one: Next time you are told that police protect the public, remember Joseph Lozito.

Where protection of property is concerned, police are much worse than useless. Their job is to enforce the will of the predatory class that employs them, which is why we would be safer without them.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95620,"Fresno, CA – An activist named John Lang was found stabbed to death inside of his home in January after predicting that he would be killed by police in his area. His house was also set on fire in the struggle that killed him.

According to initial reports, his neighbors noticed smoke coming from his house around 3:00 in the afternoon. When fire crews made their way inside they discovered Lang’s body lifeless and bleeding from several stab wounds.

Lt. Joe Gomez with the Fresno Police Department said that it was “Unknown if the stab wounds caused the death or the smoke inhalation, it’s too early to tell.”

However, last week, in post to Twitter, ABC30 anounced that the Fresno County Coroner’s office said John Lang’s death was a suicide. Case closed.

According to the investigators, who had initially called his death suspicious, Lang stabbed himself and then set his house on fire.

Advertisment

The report stated that Lang had high levels of carbon monoxide in his system along with three superficial, self-inflicted stab wounds to the chest area.

Despite initial reports of stab wounds to the back, by investigators, the new report has no mention of these wounds. Also, there was no mention of the knife, nor how the fire was started.

Was Lang able to stab himself multiple times, then conceal the weapon, and then somehow set his house on fire while bleeding out?

There is certainly the possibility that Lang did kill himself — although stabbing one’s self multiple times, hiding the weapon so police could never find it, then setting your house on fire without leaving a trace — is unlikely.

It is also important to note that Lang was well-liked by most of his neighbors, many of whom were shocked by the incident and in disbelief that the man had any enemies.

According to predictions made by Lang himself just days before, he knew it was coming.

Did Lang kill himself to become a police activist martyr? Or, is the public not being told what really happened?

After his death, police and local media attempted to downplay the harassment Lang faced from local officers, but his YouTube channel documents it well.

In the days before his death, Lang was insistent that his life was in danger, and that if he died, the Fresno Police Department would be responsible.

On January 14, Lang made a disturbing Facebook post where he eerily predicted his own death.

On the next day, January 15, he attempted to contact the local news about his concerns.

The next day, on the 16th, Lang noticed a suspicious van near his house and recorded a man hanging around outside of the vehicle, looking very tense and speaking to one of the occupants inside. Lang posted the following video along with this message: “If I turn up missing or dead tomorrow remember this Van. I think I seen a couple of guys sneak out the side door and into the building when it was parked in the carport this afternoon. I’ve been causing the City of Fresno a lot of problems recently which I now regret..Sign on the Door said Guarantee Carpet Cleaning Fresno.”

A day later, on January 17th, he wrote the following open letter to the FBI and the DOJ:

Open Letter the USDOJ and the FBI I am fairly certain that Fresno Law Enforcement is trying to set me up on some type a charge related to child pornography. I’ve been trying to figure out why they would send Child Molester George Adams Ramirez my way when I was renting the property next to me for Don Green. Also, I was at a loss as to how Fresno LE was able to turn so many people against me so quickly. The only thing that makes sense coupled with George Ramirez situation is if Fresno LE told these folks I was a child porn suspect. Imagine a police officer dressed in his official uniform pulling up in a police cruiser. Imagine the same police officer or detective telling a group of coworkers of the accused or other folks that said the person is a bad guy who is under investigation for the crimes of child pornography, and cops would like their help in putting a really bad guy away. This would be a no brainier for most reasonable people. There is no more heinous, hideous, and inhuman crime than that of a child porn person. This crime evokes more human emotion than any other. And it is to that effect that Fresno Law Enforcement uses to suit their purpose in my situation. It’s Fresno Law Enforcement’s “weapon of mass destruction”. This would also explain why the FBI shows little interest in my pleas for help. There has long been a belief in Law Enforcement circles that if someone is guilty of something, then helping that process along by fabricating evidence is completely acceptable. This rational can provide a loophole for truth and justice to be ignored when an innocent person is charged or suspected of crimes, as it is with my situation. Let this example serve as a warning to all my activist and blogger friends. We are by no means free. If and when the Government targets us, we are completely and utterly done, and there is really nothing we can do about it. Through my example, the Government is trying to drive home the point that they want obedient, submissive, and loyal subjects. And they will settle for nothing less.. I’m also fairly certain I’ve figured out how Fresno Law Enforcement handled the actual access and internet distribution of the offensive material. Let’s just say that the FEDS should re-investigate all Child porn cases in Fresno where ATT Internet Services provided the Internet service. Especially cases where the accused had a conflict with the City Of Fresno or high ranking City of Fresno personnel. Other elements are simply handled by planting various elements of false evidence here and there once they enter a residence. That is why Fresno LE was so determined to get a search warrant for an official home entry in my case. As I’ve mentioned in the past Fresno LE had already illegally and secretly entered by home, copied my hard drives in order to get a good game plan for the eventual false arrest. There also appears to be a pattern here. Anyone who has ever talked publicly about, accused, or discussed Jerry Dyer’s supposed sex scandal with that 16-year-old girl has found themselves in some type of legal peril within a few short years.. And with this letter I have for certain signed my death warrant with Fresno LE. Kind Regards, John Lang Fresno Ca 93728

Just three days later, on January 20th, Lang was killed as he predicted.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89072,"Montville, OH — Former Montville Township, Ohio, police officer and former Wayne County probation officer, Carl Kannenberg, was charged with raping a 7-year-old girl while she was a patient at University Hospital in February.

According to the indictment cited by Cleveland 19, the former law enforcement officer “is charged with committing anal penetration and with inappropriate sexual contact” for sexual assaults which Cleveland.com says occurred multiple times.

A Cuyahoga County grand jury charged Kannenberg with two counts of rape, two counts of gross sexual imposition, and two counts of kidnapping.

According to the indictment, three of the sexual assaults occurred at the hospital— while his young victim wore a hospital gown — where Kannenberg was visiting another patient, and another incident happened prior to that at a separate but unnamed location.

Advertisment

Joe Frolik, spokesman for the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor’s Office, told Cleveland.com that Kannenberg was not working for University Hospital at the time of those sexual assaults, but had been visiting another patient.

Frolik added that hospital personnel helped report the incidents to police.

The Free Thought Project tried to contact officials, however, neither Frolik nor the appropriate officials with Wayne County could be reached for comment Saturday.

“Patient safety is our highest priority. UH takes the safety of our patients very seriously,” University Hospitals Spokeswoman Alicia Reale said, refusing to comment directly on the case in question. “We are continually refining and strengthening our protocols to maintain a safe environment for our patients and their families.”

Inexplicably, Kannenberg, 34, who was arrested on July 12, has since been released pending arraignment on August 17.

With charges as explicitly, brutally violent in nature forcibly committed against such a young child in the further vulnerable position of being a hospital patient, Kannenberg’s freedom until his next court date defies both reason and any possible sense of safety or justice for his victim.

In fact, one has to wonder whether Kannenberg’s status as a former law enforcement officer played a role in his being able to roam freely until arraignment despite being charged with the rape of an innocent 7-year-old child.

Frolik stated Kannenberg left the Montville police department in 2015, and then served as a Wayne County probation officer from August 2015 until March this year.

Kannenberg’s LinkedIn profile still lists him currently employed in the Wayne County Municipal Court as a Community Service Coordinator, and that he has been in law enforcement for four years in total.

No further details were available regarding the sexual assault that occurred prior to the multiple incidents at the hospital.

Police sexual misconduct is so common that more than 1,000 officers have had their licenses revoked in just the last six years for it — nearly half of them involve underage victims.

These incidents are not uncommon, especially when involving children who choose to be around police through the explorer program.

Last month, former Canterbury Police Chief John Laroche was charged with sexually assaulting a former member of the Boscawen Police Explorers. His alleged victim was a 16-year-old girl.

Lasy year, former Trumball police officer William Ruscoe began a drastically reduced 30-month prison sentence for handcuffing and raping a teenage girl in his home. His victim was an explorer.

Trever Blackwell, 30, was jailed in September 2014 for raping a 15-year-old girl while she was in the department’s Explorer program.

Before that incident, several sex charges were filed against a former Irwindale police officer who allegedly molested a 14-year-old Explorer Scout.

The list goes on.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95792,"Merced, CA – Police stormed into a hookah lounge in the early morning hours on Sunday, July 9 in a manner that can be described as nothing short of terroristic. Video captured by a security guard at Chandelier’s Hookah Lounge shows us once again that all too often, cops are the ones who needlessly escalate situations into fear and violence.

The video begins with multiple cops screaming at patrons to back up, right after barging in with riot guns and batons. The crowd of people enjoying a relaxing Saturday night socializing at the hookah lounge are bewildered and frightened by this sudden act of aggression.

One cop fires a rubber projectile at a man who was being pushed backward by another cop, which causes even more panic as people are trying to flee the room. The video cuts to another segment after cops, with tasers drawn and pointed, have managed to put several people on the ground. Others are letting their frustration at this unprovoked violence be known, as we can hear one person shout, “Why the f—k are y’all doing this?!”

Advertisment

According to the Merced Sun-Star:

“The video was corroborated by multiple witnesses, including one black female UC Merced student. She said police first entered the building with flashlights. They left, and people resumed the event thinking the situation was over. But the police rushed back in with guns and Tasers drawn, causing the confusion and fear. During all this, one officer slammed the student’s friend to the floor and sat on his neck. As the student began to protest, saying he can’t breathe, an officer shouted, stay back or I’ll shoot.”

Indeed, the assault on innocent patrons begs the question: why did the cops do this?

The Mercer Police Department (MCD) stated they were looking for a suspected burglar in the area, who was not caught. Instead, five people were arrested from a situation entirely created by the cops.

Assuming the MCD statement is true, does the most logical approach to apprehending a burglar involve storming a social club as if it’s a military raid? It’s ludicrous to expect that everyone will immediately become quiet and complacent as armed police storm suddenly into the building.

In fact, that would be disturbing as it would indicate an entirely submissive population.

There is no escaping the fact that cops created this situation, and it will sow more fear, anger and distrust among the community which cops are supposed to “protect and serve.” Fortunately, no one was killed or seriously injured, from what we know, but that could have easily happened with Tasers, riot guns and the excessive force used.

The department says an investigation is ongoing, but we know there’s a very good chance they will find they did nothing wrong. It’s all too easy to create the narrative that the patrons’ actions justified the violent response, and most media will simply echo this without question.

This kind of disturbing assault on innocent people—who are supposedly protected by constitutional rights—cannot be allowed to be normalized. Please share this video so we can continue to expose the ever-encroaching police state.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88008,"While we wear down government’s war on drugs with logic and civil disobedience, there is another war still being carried out in states where cannabis is legal. The Federal Reserve declared its solidarity with drug prohibition last year when it denied a master account to the Fourth Corner Credit Union, a non-profit cooperative of state-licensed cannabis manufacturers in Colorado.

According to George Selgin at the Cato Institute:

“Since asking any sort of depository institution to operate without such an account, and hence without access to the Fed’s payment facilities, including its check clearing, wire transfer, and ACH facilities, is like asking a commercial airline to make do with propeller-driven biplanes…”

The Fed denied the master account application because cannabis is still absurdly classified as a Schedule 1 drug by the federal government. Even former Attorney General Eric Holder, who ran the war on drugs for six years, now says cannabis should be reclassified.

Advertisment

Because of the prohibition stance adopted by centralized economic planners—thus making most banks unwilling to deal with cannabis businesses for fear of FDIC seizure—the $$6.7 billion industry in Colorado must operate mostly on a cash basis. Faced with this situation, only 30 percent of cannabis businesses have a bank account. Even those that do have a bank cannot take debit or credit cards because the major card carriers will not create accounts until federal law is changed.

Prohibition makes it dangerous to the merchant and employees–since all that cash must be physically moved from place to place–and means that 10 percent of the cash is probably lost to theft.

Now, a startup company called Hypur has created a system which gives banks the safety margin they need to engage with cannabis businesses. Their technical wizardry is making it possible for private institutions to work in spite of federal prohibition, essentially allowing banks to give the Fed the finger.

“The startup’s secret sauce is a software platform that audits a cannabis company in its entirety, shifting through documents and state licenses, financial statements, tax returns, property leases, and more, to ensure it is legal and legitimate. The software connects to the cannabis company’s point-of-sale system as well as the state’s seed-to-sale system, which follows marijuana plants from the grow house until they’re sold to a customer, to monitor the business and ensure compliance.”

Over the past year, they have been able to help five banks in Colorado serve multiple cannabis businesses. Naturally, many banks are eager to get in on the lucrative cannabis market that will only grow as legalization sweeps the nation.

Hypur begins by streamlining the cumbersome process of making sure a cannabis business is compliant with state law. It creates automated notifications for when a license or lease will expire, so the business can remain compliant.

Banks are granted all of the financial information of a cannabis business in real-time, from seed to sale of the end product. Every dollar is accounted for and open to the scrutiny of government regulators.

“Here’s where the money came from and here’s how much cash you should expect coming through your door at any given point. We allow banks to know a given transaction is a legitimate transaction between a consumer and that merchant,” said Michael Sinnwell, Hypur’s chief operating officer and co-founder. “We call it Know Your Customer’s Customer. Banks know their customer but now they have an idea of their customer’s customer to make sure it’s not laundered funds.”

They even have an app so customers can pay directly from their bank account to the business’s bank account, providing even more transparency if the customer so chooses to participate.

There is no indication that the Federal Reserve will let up on its drug war, but some members of Congress are attempting to reign in government officials. An amendment to a proposed Senate bill addressing addiction recovery services would bar federal officials from punishing banks that work with state-licensed cannabis businesses.

This move would at least allow banks to put aside their fear of the State so they can take part in the lucrative cannabis industry, which would also remove the danger of having to deal in billions worth of cash.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103320,"“I’ll Pay You To Salute Me”: Government Takes Hard Line On NFL

For those unaware, the National Football League operates as a type of legal monopoly thanks to a political situation so cozy it makes the cable companies and Big Pharma look like rogue enemies of the state.

The NFL pays no taxes. Billionaires own all but one of these teams (the Green Bay Packers are owned by shareholders), and unlike with other sports, every NFL team makes a profit. The NFL itself is classified as a 501(c)6, much like your local Chamber of Commerce. Therefore, they don’t have to give the Capitol Hill mafia a cut of their income.

You may expect, given the preferential treatment the NFL receives from Congress and their very close relationship with legislators, that a typical NFL game would include multiple appeals to emotion designed to make citizens love Big Brother.

Advertisment

And you’d be right.

The national anthem is a long, drawn-out, pregame event. There’ll be a flyover by the Blue Angels at the perfect, climactic moment. During a break in the action, some soldier returning from Afghanistan or any other foreign war-zone will be reunited with his family while the stadium erupts in deafening applause and heart wrenching sobs.

Well, hold off on purchasing those tickets just yet, because the Washington Post found something interesting this week. All this patriotic propaganda- the troop-salutes, the banner ads, even the community service events where troops and NFL teams “build or re-build” a playground together, come with a price tag.

Fourteen NFL teams were paid a total of $$5.4 million by the Department of Defense to cover the nationalistic propaganda filling downtime during the games.

No word yet on whether the Patriots were one of the fourteen teams.

The Post reports:

U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) called the spending wasteful and disingenuous, Baxter and Salant report:

“Those of us go to sporting events and see them honoring the heroes,” Flake said in an interview. “You get a good feeling in your heart. Then to find out they’re doing it because they’re compensated for it, it leaves you underwhelmed. It seems a little unseemly.” … “They realize the public believes they’re doing it as a public service or a sense of patriotism,” Flake said. “It leaves a bad taste in your mouth.”

According to the Post, this is what the National Guard (who coughed up all but $$100,000 of the millions) receives in return for its spending:

A Hometown Heroes Salute segment, online advertising and meeting space for a meeting or events, digital advertising on stadium screens, and advertising and marketing services including a kickoff video message from the Guard. Furthermore, according to the Post,

“…soldiers attended the annual kickoff lunch in New York City to meet and take pictures with the players for promotional use, and the Jets allowed soldiers to participate in a charity event in which coaches and players build or rebuild a playground or park. The Jets also provided game access passes.”

Just remember, the next time you purchase a ticket to a football game, you may very well be funding the promotion of armed forces invading foreign countries with no regard for collateral murder.

Go Jets. Literally.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90442,"Columbia, SC — State Trooper Sean Groubert has been fired and faces 20 years in prison for gross negligence during a seat belt stop.

On September 4, 2014 Groubert pulled over 35-year-old Levar Jones at a Circle-K gas station. During the stop Jones exited his vehicle at which point Groubert asked for his license.

When Jones went to get his license Groubert began shooting.

While shooting at Jones, Groubert yelled “Get out of the car, get out of the car.”

Advertisment

Jones replied,”I just got my license, you said get my license.”

Amazingly enough, Jones had the composure to put his hands up while being shot at, yet Groubert still fired on the surrendering man.

Groubert kept telling Jones to get on the ground.

While on the ground Jones said, “I have my license right here, you said get my license.”

In the video Groubert asks Jones if he was hit by a bullet. Then he tries to imply that it was Jones’ fault that he just shot at him, “Bro, you dove head first back into your car.”

When asked why he was pulled over Groubert told Jones that it was a “seat belt violation,” to which Jones responded, “I just pulled my seat belt off right there.”

Luckily for Jones, Groubert is an apparent failure as a marksman and only one of the four rounds fired at point blank range struck Jones. He was hit in the hip and is now recovering at home after being hospitalized.

According to WLTX News, South Carolina Department of Public Safety Director Leroy Smith fired Groubert September 19th after observing the video and reviewing a report from the State Law Enforcement Division. In dismissing Groubert, Smith called the facts of the case “disturbing.”

The charges filed Wednesday were brought by the Fifth Circuit Solicitor’s office, which also reviewed SLED’s findings. Groubert faces a maximum of 20 years in prison.

Barney Guise, an attorney for Groubert, says his client is not guilty and looks forward to his day in court.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87780,"A recent study conducted by researchers at the University of Florida has shown that alcohol is far more of a “gateway drug” than marijuana is.

The study concluded that:

Advertisment

Results from the Guttman scale indicated that alcohol represented the “gateway” drug, leading to the use of tobacco, marijuana, and other illicit substances. Moreover, students who used alcohol exhibited a significantly greater likelihood of using both licit and illicit drugs. The findings from this investigation support that alcohol should receive primary attention in school-based substance abuse prevention programming, as the use of other substances could be impacted by delaying or preventing alcohol use. Therefore, it seems prudent for school and public health officials to focus prevention efforts, policies, and monies, on addressing adolescent alcohol use.

According to the study’s co-author, Adam E. Barry, the later in life that a person consumes alcohol, the less likely they are to abuse drugs. Also, it seems that in most cases, use of alcohol and tobacco comes earlier in life than the use of marijuana.

“By delaying the onset of alcohol initiation, rates of both licit substance abuse like tobacco and illicit substance use like marijuana and other drugs will be positively affected, and they’ll hopefully go down,” Barry said in an interview with Raw Story.

Barry said that his studies were intended to correct some of the propaganda that has infected American culture since the “Reefer Madness” era.

“Some of these earlier iterations needed to be fleshed out, that’s why we wanted to study this. The latest form of the gateway theory is that it begins with [marijuana] and moves on finally to what laypeople often call ‘harder drugs.’ As you can see from the findings of our study, it confirmed this gateway hypothesis, but it follows progression from licit substances, specifically alcohol, and moves on to illicit substances,” Barry said.

“So, basically, if we know what someone says with regards to their alcohol use, then we should be able to predict what they respond to with other [drugs]. Another way to say it is, if we know someone has done [the least prevalent drug] heroin, then we can assume they have tried all the others. I think [these results] have to do with level of access children have to alcohol, and that alcohol is viewed as less harmful than some of these other substances,” Barry added.

Just like prescription pills and tobacco, alcohol is seen as more socially acceptable in American society because the government approves of it. However, these substances are largely more dangerous than many of the illegal drugs that people have a deep fear of.

Since certain drugs are taken less seriously, people are more likely to abuse them and not keep their addiction in check. That is not to say that these legal drugs should be banned as well, in fact, all drugs should be legalized so honest discussions can be had about the uses and dangers of each drug.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
54935,"Hollywood, CA — On Monday, Corey Feldman went on the Dr. Oz show again and revealed the name of another of his alleged abusers. While the first abuser was a low-life convicted child molester who fled to Mexico, the second one is still working in the industry. The alleged abuser, Alphy Hoffman also owned the most famous teen club in Hollywood that catered to underage child actors during the time Feldman was molested.

On his second appearance on the show, Feldman described his experience with Hoffman in detail.

“Well he was the guy who ran Alphy’s Soda Pop Club, and, uh, I met him when I was 12 years old,” Feldman said on “Dr. Oz.” “He came to my house to pick me up in his car, and I had heard rumors that he threw the coolest parties in town and he was very connected.”

Feldman explained to Dr. Oz that Alphy Hoffman was the son of Bobby Hoffman, a major casting director at the time, who died in 1993.

“When you got an invite to go to Bobby Hoffman’s private party — this was a very big thing. And the fact that his son was coming to pick me up himself, was also a very big thing, and my mom ushered me into the car and said ‘go have fun’.”

Advertisment

Feldman described how the child victims were first groomed by their predators and all of the sudden the parties took a dark turn.

“You know, the first few times I went it was fairly innocent,” he explained. “Those parties were relatively kid friendly but interestingly that’s where I met the guy that ended up molesting Haim… There was a bunch of these guys, they were all hanging out together at these parties, and the thing is there weren’t a lot of parents at these parties.”

As he noted, Feldman described other children who were victims and, on the show, they actually called these victims and confirmed their abuse.

Feldman then went on to compare Jon Grisson, the other ousted abuser, with Hoffman.

“One night I was over there and we were watching a movie and I passed out while I was watching the movie, and when I woke up there was a porn on again. And I was like ‘Man, I’m really tired.’… I remember I could barely walk. I don’t know what I was given at that time, but I know that I was really out of it. And we went to the bedroom, and I was kind of passing in and out of it, and then it was like he started doing the same things to me that Jon [Grissom] had done… I kind of woke up in the middle of it, and I freaked out… I kind of threw him off me and I ran home.”



Last month, as TFTP reported, Feldman went on the Today Show and hinted to host Matt Lauer, who his abuser was. As Lauer attempted to victim shame Feldman, the former child star answered back with the hard truth.

“I’m the victim here. I’m the one who’s been abused. I’m the one who’s trying to come forward and do something about it,” Feldman says before Lauer attempts to cut him off. However, Feldman stayed on point.

“Anyone of those child actors who went to the Teenage Soda Pop Clubs with me when I was a kid, know who those people are and the people who ran it,” says Feldman dropping a bombshell. “Anyone can go back through history and look at the teen magazines and say what was the name of that venue they were all promoting and who ran that venue, and who endorsed it.”

It's a beautiful thing to watch @Corey_Feldman put Matt Lauer in his place, reminding him that he's the victim here pic.twitter.com/F9KklPxs7V — Yellow Red Sparks (@yellowredsparks) October 30, 2017

At the time, TFTP reported that this person Feldman described could’ve likely been Hoffman.

Hoffman, according to his website that we found on his now-deleted Twitter page:

Alphy Hoffman continues his show business career as a casting consultant as head of Bobby Hoffman Casting founded by Bobby Hoffman, also a Producer/Director for his new company Combined Film.

In Feldman’s biography “Coreography: A Memoir,“ Feldman identifies his abusers using pseudonyms. In his book, Feldman says, “Ralph Kaufman’s club was a private social space for famous teens.” Based on his description to Dr. Oz, it appears that Kaufman is Hoffman as Feldman said this about him in his book as well:

“Ralph put on a porno. He took a seat next to me on the couch … I passed out on the bed. When I woke up, Ralph was on me, exactly the way Ron had been … Ralph and Bill had been working together, coercing young men into their home. I was just the latest in a series of boys to be groomed.”

According to his website:

In 1987 established “Alphy’s Soda Pop Club”, (a private teen dance club for teen actors and their guests) with Magician and TV Star Danny Scott and Original New York Seltzer President Randy Miller, who was the clubs title sponsor thus “Soda Pop Club”. In 1990 the club changed direction became “Alphy’s Private Teen Club” which successfully got spun into the Television Presentation of “Alphy’s Hollywood Power Party” for Saban Entertainment starring Alphy as host and with Alyssa Milano, Scott Grimes, Jason Hervey, Soliel Moon Frye and Mackenzie Astin.

Notice how Corey Feldman’s name is conveniently not on that list. However, we found the following image, showing Feldman at the club—pictured next to Hoffman.

As Feldman noted on Dr. Oz, sadly, even though these predators have been named, none of them can be held criminally liable for their alleged crimes against children thanks to the statute of limitations. However, exposing them will at least disallow them from continuing to prey on children and lead to greater transparency in the future, inevitably protecting more children in the process.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38772,"Drivers forced to wait hours, show ID before leaving checkpoint

Mikael Thalen

June 20, 2014

Police responded to a shooting outside Colorado’s Red Rock Amphitheater late Thursday night by forcing thousands of concert goers through a mandatory checkpoint.

The shooting, which left three people with non-life threatening injuries, occurred in the parking lot following performances by rappers Nas, Flying Lotus and Schoolboy Q.

“I’m backstage; we’re on lockdown waiting to leave,” concert promoter Faithon Lucas told the Denver Post.

Attendees of the concert took to Twitter to air their concerns as law enforcement began searching vehicles and demanding ID from every one attempting to leave.

Advertisment

@DenverPolice ofcrs manning checkpoint Gate 1 #redrocks. Searching vehicles and checking ID of departing concertgoers pic.twitter.com/fNcNkJHBro — Rob McClure (@RobCBS4) June 20, 2014

Every car leaving #redrocks is being searched, line is starting to move. Cars parked in south lots cannot leave at this time. — Souls In Action (@soulsinaction) June 20, 2014

Police: still about 2000 patrons trying to get out of #RedRocks. Checkpoints slowing process. No access into park. pic.twitter.com/Yl6vXJ5rQI — Pete Burd (@PeteBurd) June 20, 2014

Police checking IDs in every vehicle leaving #redrocks, been stuck for almost 2 hours — Briana (@LoveBrianaXO) June 20, 2014

Image: Warantless Checkpoint (Rob McClure / Twitter)

A representative with the Jefferson County Sheriff’s Department boldly confirmed that every vehicle would be searched, regardless of probable cause, before being allowed to vacate the area.

Large police presence at Red Rocks Park due to shooting. All “concert goer” cars in the park being searched. #JCSO #Jeffco — Jeffco Sheriff (@jeffcosheriffco) June 20, 2014

“You forgot (conveniently) to include the word ‘illegally’ between ‘being’ & ‘searched,’” one Twitter user said in response.

Such scenes, where law enforcement disregard constitutional rights through mandatory dragnets, have begun appearing across the country at an alarming rate.

Following a bank robbery in Maryland last March, police shut down an entire Interstate in both directions to search countless vehicles at gunpoint.

Last year after several officers were injured in a gang-related shooting in California, a police checkpoint resulted in numerous innocent drivers having a rifle put to their head.

During the Boston bombings manhunt, the entire town of Watertown was literally placed under martial law as militarized police forced residents out of their homes at gunpoint without warrants.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
57178,"Flint, MI – Activist Christopher G. Wahmhoff, 37, is facing charges after he made a Facebook post referencing the water crisis in Flint, Michigan.

Wahmhoff was already on probation for an act of civil disobedience two years ago. He crawled into an Enbridge pipeline and stayed in there for ten hours to protest the expansion of a recently ruptured oil pipeline that had already damaged the local environment. Ever since that protest, Wahmhoff has been on probation and faces regular scrutiny from his probation officer.

Wahmhoff is back in trouble again this month after the courts caught word that he was posting about the Flint water crisis on Facebook. The post eventually resulted in Wahmhoff violating his probation and getting cited for “threatening behavior.”

Advertisment

In late January, Wahmhoff made a post calling for the arrest of Governor Snyder, as many activists have done in recent months. Wahmhoff wrote in one post “so when ya’ll are ready to march in and take his ass across the street,, I have my torch, I got warm socks. I’m waitin on ya’ll..”

According to the violation written against Wahmhoff, he “displayed threatening behavior on social media (Facebook) when he responded to a posting pertaining to the Governor Of Michigan hiring two public relations firms in lieu of hiring engineers to restore the infrastructure to provide clean water for Flint.”

Wahmhoff says he believes the orders to put legal pressure on him came from the highest levels of the state government, and not directly from his probation officer.

“I don’t think this comes from the county. It comes from the same state that poisoned Flint, destroyed Detroit and didn’t do things well here with the Kalamazoo River spill,” he said.

Wahmhoff insists that his post was not a call for violence, but a call for protest.

“I thought it was a common cultural reference. But, maybe not,” he said, adding that, “My “torch” was a reference to the clichéd angry mob of citizens carrying torches and pitchforks,” which he said was a metaphorical statement that was meant to represent a protest.

Many attorneys have commented that his posts are protected free speech. However, the terms of his probation could actually take away his right to free speech.

Nancy Costello, of Michigan State University’s First Amendment Law Clinic, said, “It’s targeted speech at the governor, but he’s talking about getting a torch and pitchfork. That doesn’t really happen anymore. It’s hyperbole. It’s exaggeration. It’s not something to be believed.”

Unfortunately, since he is on probation for protesting the destruction of his local environment, Wahmhoff is restricted from expressing himself in ways that the government does not like.

According to the terms of his probation, Wahmhoff “must not engage in any assaultive, abusive or threatening behavior.”

On February 22, a judge will decide whether or not his behavior was “threatening.”

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
2572,"Philadelphia, PA — Thirty-one years ago today, one of the most blatant acts of terrorism was carried out on American soil against American citizens by an American police department. Obviously, this is the one terror attack the government won’t remind you about — and, in fact, would prefer you forget completely.

On May 13, 1985, a massive operation by the Philadelphia Police culminated in an all-out attack and bombing on the peaceful, radical movement dedicated to black liberation, MOVE. At the end of the day, 11 people — including five children — had been killed, 65 homes destroyed, and the relationship between law enforcement and civilians arguably changed forever.

Lest we forget.

MOVE advocated, according to Robin Wagner-Pacifici who has written books on the group, a “quasi-Rastafarian, anti-technology, and pro-animal-rights” lifestyle which Philadelphia police and some of the group’s neighbors found antithetical to the typical American way of life. In 1985, the group resided at 6221 Osage Avenue, in what was considered a nice, family-oriented part of the city.

But city officials and police viewed MOVE’s radical inclinations as a threat — and in the months preceding the attack, tensions had heightened considerably. To area residents, the standoff on May 13 didn’t come as a surprise. But what happened next shocked the entire country.

Advertisment

As the standoff reached critical mass, law enforcement evacuated the block surrounding what had become MOVE’s fortified compound at 6221 Osage — police told residents to pack overnight essentials and they would be permitted to return the next day.

“There were nearly 500 police officers gathered at the scene, ludicrously, ferociously well-armed — flak jackets, tear gas, SWAT gear, .50- and .60-caliber machine guns, and an anti-tank machine gun for good measure,” one witness to the events described to NPR. “Deluge guns were pointed from firetrucks. The state police had sent a helicopter. The city had shut off the water and electricity for the entire block. And, we’d come to learn, there were explosives on hand.”

Around 5:30 in the morning, police commissioner Gregore Sambor shouted a bone-chillingly authoritarian warning through a megaphone to the so-called dissidents inside the Osage compound:

“Attention MOVE … This is America. You have to abide by the laws of the United States.”

At 6 am, police gave MOVE a 15-minute warning to surrender, but someone from 6221 fired shots at police, instead — sparking one of the most heinous acts of terrorism carried out by a government agency against civilians on U.S. soil.

Police returned fire. In fact, post-incident investigations estimated over 10,000 rounds were fired by police over a 90-minute period.

Ramona Africa is the sole survivor from the military-style assault on the MOVE home. She recalled the harrowing, inexcusable incident in an interview with Democracy Now! in 2010:

“In terms of the bombing, after being attacked the way we were, first with four deluge hoses by the fire department and then tons of tear gas, and then being shot at — the police admit to shooting over 10,000 rounds of bullets at us in the first 90 minutes — there was a lull. You know, it was quiet for a little bit. And then, without any warning at all, two members of the Philadelphia Police Department’s bomb squad got in a Pennsylvania state police helicopter and flew over our home and dropped a satchel of C4, a powerful military explosive that no municipal police department has. They had to get it from the federal government, from the FBI. And without any announcement of warning or anything, they dropped that bomb on the roof of our home.”

That bomb ignited an inferno that incinerated 6221 Osage — and everyone inside — though Africa managed to escape with her life. As the conflagration raged, officials ordered fire crews back, allowing the flames to swallow 65 homes — 64 of which had nothing to do with the MOVE incident.

An investigation called the MOVE Commission ultimately concluded monumental incompetence by city officials and law enforcement, and the five children’s deaths were wholly unjustified — but though the commission recommended charges be brought, a grand jury refused to do so.

The MOVE bombing stands as a monumental marker for the power of human forgetting — though it happened just 31 years ago, today, most people in the United States wouldn’t know what you were talking about if you mention it. And that should be a grave concern for us all, explained journalist Mumia Abu-Jamal from prison in an essay last year.

“May 13th at [then] 30, why should we care about what happened on May 13, 1985?,” Abu-Jamal wrote. “Why indeed? I’ll tell you why. Because what happened then is a harbinger of what’s happening now all across America. I don’t mean bombing people — not yet, that is. I mean the visceral hatreds and violent contempt once held for MOVE is now visited upon average people, not just radicals and revolutionaries like MOVE […]

“If it had been justly and widely condemned then, there would be no now, no Ferguson, no South Carolina, no Los Angeles, no Baltimore. The barbaric police bombing of May 13, 1985, and the whitewash of the murders of 11 MOVE men, women, and children opened a door that still has not been closed. We are today living with those circumstances.”

History doesn’t repeat itself, but if we fail to keep its failings fresh in mind, we will repeat history.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89908,"Radioactive waste still flows “freely” into the Columbia River from the U.S. Superfund site at Hanford — a situation desperately in need of remedy, given the number of civilians located nearby — yet the Trump Administration instead decided this week on a multi-billion dollar arms sale to authoritarian nations accused of actively funding terrorist groups.

News of the continuous leak arrived from U.S. EPA Project Manager Dennis Faulk during a meeting of the Hanford Advisory Board, which Courthouse News reports,

“[C]ame as part of a five-year review of cleanup measures taken at the Superfund site. Officials with the EPA and the Department of Energy said at a meeting Wednesday that the review showed most of the cleanup actions at Hanford were properly ‘protective,’ meaning the public was shielded from the worst of the site’s estimated 500 million gallons of potentially radioactive waste.

“Radioactive sludge in shuttered reactors, contaminated soil in landfill sites and equipment that was once used to refine the uranium that fueled the nuclear bomb dropped on Nagasaki were all properly contained, according to the report.”

But that information, welcome though it may be, comprised the rosiest news — since, on a darker note, Mike Cline, director of the Department of Energy’s Soil and Groundwater Division, asserted hexavalent chromium– and strontium-90-tainted groundwater has been “flowing freely” into the Columbia.

Advertisment

Concerns for the stretch of river abutting the Superfund site, called Hanford Reach — designated a national monument 17 years ago by then-President Bill Clinton — were stirred because the area faces potential review by Trump Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke for a possible revocation of its status and, thus, evaporation of funds for amelioration.

To protect the Columbia River and surrounding environs by containing the radioactive water, agencies sought to construct a “permeable reactive barrier” and build stronger wells — but the Department of Energy and EPA face a cut under Trump’s proposed budget of around $$120 million.

Cleanup of Hanford already languishes from a minimal budget — cuts that deep, officials asserted, could paralyze the imperative program.

Worse, Trump and his administration have been preoccupied with procuring multi-billion dollar deals on arms and military equipment with a pair of known human rights-abusing, terrorist-funding governments — Saudi Arabia and Qatar — complicated infinitely by on ongoing feud between the two on the topic of, unironically, funding and supporting terrorists.

On Tuesday, the Senate voted to reject a bill blocking $$110 billion in total arms sale to the Saudis — an authoritarian kingdom and apparent Teflon-coated ally to the U.S. — criticism of whose human rights abuse and double-dealing with nefarious entities never negates the American government’s lustful need for imported oil.

At present, growing public awareness harpoons the House of Saud and its government for an effective blockade of Yemen — which some intone could constitute a violation of international law — as well as for a persistent bombing campaign, both of which have left innocent civilians in dire need of assistance with scores dying of malnutrition.

Qatar was recently skewered by the Saudis — and a subsequent succession of Gulf Cooperation Council states — for support of militants fighting in Yemen and elsewhere.

Trump, aligning with the Ally Who Can Do No Wrong, sided with the Saudis in excoriating only Qatar for being a terrorist nation; yet — nearly in the same breath — proceeded to green light a $$12 billion arms deal with the Defense Department.

However — and, again, unironically — the Saudi and Qatari governments both featured prominently in documents revealed by Wikileaks from a cache leaked from Hillary Clinton’s emails from 2015 for being known funders of the menacing Islamic State.

Pots, meet kettles.

In other words, despite the U.S. State Department and associates of Clinton, having long been cognizant of the active funding of ISIL by the Saudis and Qataris, the administration of Donald Trump rewarded each of the disputing states with billions in sales of yet more weapons.

Elucidation on the ironic morass can be gleaned from each of the three nations’ fealty to oil and the business of fossil fuels than can ever be derived from a logical analysis attempting to justify massive exchanges of weapons and cash and the training and support of terrorists otherwise ambivalent to all three.

All of this political, economic, and industry wrangling — much of which occurred to the condemnation by the American public as wasteful, if not foolish, spending — ignores the offensive lack of budget monies for sites like the Hanford Reach and many others.

It’s a veritable guarantee the heft of the U.S. populace would champion the need to contain radioactive, noxious contaminants inside the nation’s borders over that to supply known terrorist-friendly countries with untenable arms deals.

But that’s precisely what Trump and his ilk have decided — and, it appears, the rest of us will instead be left to collectively shrug our shoulders. This is, after all, egregiously characteristic of Washington’s wearisome business-as-usual.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95994,"Spring Lake, NC — John David Livingston, 33, was shot and killed in the early morning hours of Sunday as police were conducting an assault investigation. Police were not looking for Livingston, and the entire situation could have been avoided had they come back with a warrant like Livingston requested.

On Tuesday, the Harnett County Sheriff’s Office released the name of the deputy involved the killing of Livingston. Harnett County Sheriff’s Deputy Nicholas Kehagias was the trigger man, according to Maj. Jeff Huber. Kehagias has been employed as a deputy sheriff since July 2013 and is currently assigned to the patrol division.

Livingston’s roommate, Clayton Carroll told WNCN that he was shot multiple times during the altercation with officers who had no right to be there in the first place.

According to Carroll, deputies began knocking on the door around 3:30 am as they were looking for someone who no longer lived in the home. When Deputies asked Livingston if they could search his home, Livingston said “not without a search warrant,” according to Carroll.

Advertisment

Livingston then shut the door.

Having a man assert his fourth amendment right to be secure in his property was apparently too much for the deputy to handle.

“The cop kicked in the door, got on top of him, started slinging him around beat him…” Carroll said.

Witnesses explain how deputies began spraying pepper spray and deploying a taser during the assault. They say that Livingston was not fighting back and merely trying to prevent the deputies from inflicting more harm on him.

During the struggle, Livingston attempted to remove the taser from the deputy’s hand which caused the officers to fear for their lives.

“He (Livingston) barely had the Taser in his hand, but he had it where it was constantly going off and the officer I guess that spoke to him rolled over there, says he got the Taser and shot him in this position,” Carroll said.

Livingston died from the multiple gunshot wounds, and three young children are now fatherless.

Affidavits on Tuesday confirmed that deputies never had a search warrant when they first visited Livingston’s home early Sunday. However, shortly after breaking into the man’s home and killing him, police did obtain a warrant and that warranted was executed.

Had this warrant been obtained prior to police showing up at Livingston’s residence, the father of three would still be alive.

According to his friends and family, Livingston was a kind man and an incredible carpenter. They explained how Livingston built the wooden porch a month before so everyone could have fun on it. They never predicted that it would be the place of his death.

In a heart-wrenching interview with WNCN on Tuesday, John Livingston III, spoke out about his father’s tragic death.

The “last thing he told me he’d be coming back, he was leaving my house going over there and said he’d be back,” said the victim’s son.

“He wasn’t just a dad he was a best friend, we always talked about everything,” he said.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50225,"While police brutality may seem overwhelming at times, it is important to remember that brutal police are the few and those of us who want peace are the many.

It is also important to remember that police work for the many.

Advertisment

It seems that society has lost the notion of public servants and instead has resorted to a paradigm of public subservience. This is a particularly worrisome state of “civilization” and it’s indicative of tyranny. But you don’t have to accept it.

Matthew Cooke is an Oscar-nominated documentary film producer, who has since turned to making powerful and hard-hitting minifilms about the police state.

In his latest minifilm, Cooke tackles the problem of how to get a bad cop fired. It is spot on.

In the video below Cooke and police accountability activist Van Jones, tackle this nearly impossible issue from multiple angles.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96246,"Queensland, AU– A video showing police violently manhandling a man with no legs and the 18 year old woman accompanying him has been causing outrage on social media since being posted on November 14th.

The video was recorded in the food court of Sunnybank Plaza, and begins with the attack already under way. Three officers are seen wrestling with the pair on the ground, then throwing the young woman into a table.

Advertisment

The brutal scene continues with the police slamming the disabled man’s head into the ground and punching him several times as witnesses shout in horror, before they are eventually handcuffed and arrested.

The police allege that the pair had stole 12 bottles of wine from a bottle shop in the plaza and ran when police engaged them.

A Queensland Police spokeswoman also told Courier Mail that the officers had received injuries during struggle.

“An officer was punched, another officer sustained a hand, back and neck injury. “It is alleged the female tried to bite an officer, another officer had an injured left hand and the other officers sustained minor injuries.”

The 18-year-old woman has been charged with one count of entering premises with intent, stealing, one count of serious assault on police and one count of obstructing police. The 20-year-old man faces the same charges, with one additional charge of serious assault on police.

While resisting arrest is generally not a wise idea, police assaulting the disabled is a far too common occurrence.

In July we reported on a paraplegic man who was thrown from his motorized scooter after the officer alleged the man ran over his foot.

Just days before, the story of a 17 year old wheel chair bound student with Cerebral Palsy being viciously beaten by school security for not getting to class on time made headlines.

Earlier this year a cop who beat yet another wheel chair bound man was found not guilty on all charges, despite the chilling video of him pummeling the man’s paralyzed body.

When police are permitted to abuse with impunity, there seems to be no limits on the depravity.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88390,"The man who became an internet sensation for his ‘monster truck-like’ response to a marijuana possession arrest will not be prosecuted.

Roger Pion, the 36-year-old Vermont man who demolished seven police cars with a tractor will not be prosecuted on the charges related to that incident. In 2012, following a marijuana possession arrest, Pion decided to fight back, and drove his father’s tractor to the police station where he went on a rampage with the vehicle, causing $$300,000 in damage to government property, but hurting no one.

“The radios are ruined, the radar detectors, the cages in the cars … We’re going to have to get the jaws of life up here to pry the trunks open and see about the rifles and shotguns,” Sheriff Kirk Martin said after the incident.

Advertisment

Witness Rene Morris told WCAX that, “It felt like I was in a Monster Jam rally or something, I just couldn’t believe it. He’s backing up, going over it, turns around, makes his way to the other vehicles smashes those up, did his business and headed right down Route 5.”

Police officers at the station reported that they had just finished washing their cars moments before the tractor drove onto their parking lot and crushed more than half of the cars in their fleet. After he was pleased with the job that he had done, Pion casually drone on down the street at tractor speeds, until police eventually caught up with him and arrested him a mile away from the scene.

At the time of his arrest, Pion was facing seven counts of felony unlawful mischief, one count of misdemeanor unlawful mischief, one count of aggravated assault on a law enforcement officer, one count of gross negligent operation, and one count of leaving the scene of an accident.

Following the arrest, Pion became an internet hero who was widely celebrated by people across the country who sympathized with his frustration in the justice system.

According to The Caledonian Record, Pion entered an insanity plea in his defense, which the prosecution finally accepted this week. However, Pion will be forced to undergo some sort of mental evaluation and rehabilitation as a part of the agreement that he made with the state.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88450,"Contrary to his anti-establishment stance — which supporters readily boast as a viable alternative to Hillary Clinton — Donald Trump’s establishment roots run so deep, the billionaire real estate mogul plans to appoint a former Goldman Sachs partner and George Soros Fund manager as Secretary of the Treasury should he win the election.

Steve Mnuchin came on board Trump’s campaign as finance chair in May, raising eyebrows of many who felt his 17-year history with Sachs — and affiliation with liberal globalist George Soros as an Investment Professional of Soros Fund Management — conflicted directly with the then-presumptive nominee’s conservative stance and criticisms of establishment politicians.

“It is difficult to see how a second-generation Goldman Sachs partner would secure such a prominent position in an administration delivered by a populist wind,” Compass Point analyst Isaac Boltansky told Politico of Trump’s curious choice for Treasury Secretary.

According to Fox Business Network, Trump’s confidence in winning the White House has fomented enough to begin picking Cabinet members, and besides the anomalous choice of Mnuchin for the Treasury, sources said he’s considering New Jersey Governor Chris Christie for Attorney General and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani for Homeland Security Secretary.

Advertisment

Trump has, of course, expended great efforts in criticizing opponent Hillary Clinton’s deep ties to the banking and Wall Street elite; and prior to garnering the Republican nomination, extended that critique to competitor Ted Cruz, saying in one debate:

“I know the guys at Goldman Sachs. They have total, total control over him. Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton.”

Zero Hedge noted when Trump hired the left-leaning hedge fund manager and financier as finance chair that Mnuchin had previously donated multiple times to various Democrats, including Barack Obama and none other than Hillary Clinton.

Further substantiating his establishing banking insider status — the precise profile Trump claims publicly to loathe — Mnuchin worked at Goldman Sachs for 17 years, headed OneWest Bank prior to its purchase by CIT Group in 2015, and now sits on CIT’s board while also serving as chairman and chief executive of Dune Capital Management, a private investment firm with a focus on financing big-time Hollywood movies, like “Avatar.”

If Mnuchin’s Wall Street ties don’t trouble Trump’s supporters enough, the hedge fund manager’s links to George Soros — an ardent Clinton fan — certainly will.

In fact, in terms of opposition, Soros has spent billions influencing global politics by inserting his brand of leftism wherever possible — and earlier this year even pledged, with others, some $$15 million specifically to mobilize Latinos and immigrants to defeat Donald Trump.

“Steven is a professional at the highest level with an extensive and very successful financial background,” Trump said upon bringing Mnuchin into his campaign. “He brings unprecedented experience and expertise to a fundraising operation that will benefit the Republican Party and ultimately defeat Hillary Clinton.”

Indeed, Trump’s campaign, quoted by the Daily Caller, said Mnuchin “has previously worked with Mr. Trump in a business capacity and brings his expertise in finance to what will be an extremely successful fundraising operation for the Republican Party.”

While business dealings certainly bring ordinarily clashing personalities into contact on occasion, these details about the relationship between Trump and Mnuchin evidence the former’s links to the left.

Despite the nominee’s many diatribes excoriating Hillary Clinton as out-of-touch with the American populace, Trump’s own status as a billionaire belies both their decades-old friendship and striking similarities — particularly as darlings of the establishment.

Should you choose to vote on the 8th, it would be prudent to keep in mind blustery campaign rhetoric — from any politician — only constitutes so much hot air.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102809,"Never has unadulterated hypocrisy marched itself to the forefront on a silver platter more efficaciously than on Independence Day in the United States — that is, until 2017, when my online friend decided to test the public mettle — by urinating on a Chinese-made American flag.

Oh, yes. She did.

And thankfully so — exercise of rights ultimately staves off their evisceration. Without occasional tests of the protections granted all U.S. citizens, those boundaries of protection shrink, unabated — because, if you don’t value freedom of expression, just wait until expressing yourself freely cannot be achieved without a consequent stint behind bars.

In that spirit, my friend, Emily Lance, placed a flag on the rim of a toilet on the 4th of July, and — using a device allowing women to stand and urinate — let loose, unleashing a torrent of urine against the Stars and Stripes as a friend videotaped the immediately-viral act.

“Fuck your nationalism,” the dedicated activist narrated on video since deleted by Facebook and YouTube, as the song, “Night Moves” by Bob Seger and The Silver Bullet Band, played in the background. “Fuck your country. Fuck your stupid fucking flag.”

Offended? You should be.

You should be offended that the U.S. military maintains a presence in 150 of 196 nations on the planet. Offended the CIA employed the grossest human rights abuses known when it psychologically, emotionally, and physically tortured detainees — even though that method has been proven utterly ineffective. Offended the Authorization for the Use of Military Force granted a blank slate for perpetual war anywhere on the globe. Offended the most heinous terrorist organization yet to manifest only did so because the West sought and hoped for a caliphate of terrorists. Offended millions of people abandoned their homes for flimsy life rafts, risking their otherwise uneventful lives to escape relentless American and allied bombs.

Advertisment

You should be offended our prisons incarcerate more per capita than any other nation — fascist dictatorships, included — on the planet. Offended the police, with seemingly endless authority over our daily lives, kill with nary a consequence, even in questionable situations. Offended free speech has been forgotten to cater to those too sensitive to bear it. Offended protest is being criminalized in a growing number of states. Offended medical choice isn’t an option in a nation claiming to value choice. Offended acceptable expression has been narrowed so severely, your right to redress grievances has been summarily erased from the books — and from the hemp-based paper on which those rights were putatively enshrined.

You should be offended with your own damnable hypocrisy — calling for the bodily harm of someone committing a nonviolent act against a symbol — rather than voting out the pols excusing the wholesale murder of innocents inside the bounds of sovereign lands.

Instead, you’re offended that bodily waste met striped and starred fabric — made in China, no less.

This hypocrisy — not our farcical shreds of freedom — is why we’re so hated around the planet. In fact, it’s why blowback — not terrorism — comprises our greatest threat.

Those indelible impressions the U.S. has effected on the world — not to mention innumerable other unnamed iterations — comprise just a fraction of the motivation to carry out the one act an otherwise helpless citizen might choose to force the spotlight on the issues: desecration of the flag.

So, that’s what Emily Lance did — she chose the symbol of pain for millions around the planet who experience the full brunt of American exceptionalism to focus the rage of living only symbolically free in the one nation pompously regurgitating liberty, but failing to live up to the hype.

To call the act inflammatory would belie the altogether appalling backlash instantaneously generated the moment video of the July 4th stunt was posted to Facebook — a reaction so horrifically hypocritical, the exercise of free speech has since extended into death threats to Lance’s family members.

Threats to dissect Emily with knives, bludgeon her body, and even a $$3,000 bounty for her head, rumored to be posted to Craigslist, now dot the activist’s Facebook timeline — as if she injured each individual in cold-hearted glee.

But she didn’t — she exercised an albeit fraught freedom and catapulted an astonishing hypocrisy into the world spotlight.

As furious former and current service members, their families, and other devotees to the symbolism in Old Glory crawled out of the self-aggrandizing, misbegotten cracks to wish death upon an otherwise unknown person on the Internet, Lance — obviously no shrinking violet — wrote in a post to Facebook,

“Freedom (of speech/expression) means that I’m entitled to do and say as I please, EVEN if you don’t like it, so long as I am not physically hurting someone – and no, your precious feelings don’t count, that’s your own problem. What don’t you people understand? You’re celebrating freedom while damning me for doing the same. You can’t have it both ways. FREEDOM OR NONE. Practice what you preach or shut the fuck up.”

She has a point.

Indeed, while the bulk of condemnation centered around disrespect for the flag, critics widely missed that Lance’s act not only falls under constitutional protection, desecrating the symbol of the nation embodies the freedom putatively defended by the military. Those threatening death and mutilation against the woman bold enough to express displeasure with the direction of this hopelessly self-serving government would do well to re-examine what the United States allegedly stands for — freedom.

Perhaps a nation born of the blood of the land’s original inhabitants and built upon the involuntary toil of enslaved Africans and others could never comprehend freedom as a concept on which to base its existence — though, perhaps, it should.

In propaganda — advertisements, corporate news, and Hollywood cinema — the United States can do no wrong. In reality, it rarely does right by those under its control — much less, those under the bombs dropped so readily.

Testing American mettle means teasing the bounds of acceptability and tolerance — what better way to test its willingness to stand for the ideals of freedom than by destroying the symbol so dear to so many.

Instead, Lance merely proved the laughable hypocrisy in Americans’ claiming the nation the freest of all while calling for her murder for expressing a freedom apparently untenable to the national conscience.

We must face, as citizens of these once-United States, the crimes of our government for the brazen reduction of people to commodities those wrongs encompass — failure to do so engenders only militancy in the cause of knocking the imperialist empire from its self-appointed pedestal.

This nation is not exceptional — it’s ordinary. Worse, it’s complicit in the misery of billions, and — no matter how extraordinary the somnambulant American public finds itself — this shameful fact cannot be extricated from our national identity.

We are not gods. We haven’t mastered life. Our government and military commit the worst atrocities in our name — yet, people are enraged about a piece of cloth — one not even manufactured in the United States?

To say priorities have been compromised would be gross mischaracterization and understatement.

“People are wishing illness, harm, and suffering upon me over a piece of fabric,” Lance later tellingly asserted online. “People are willing to MURDER someone over a flag. It’s so sad that people don’t realize how brainwashed they are. I’m gross for peeing on a symbol? LOOK AT YOURSELVES. You people epitomize all that is foul.”

No matter how much so many wish it so, the American flag is only a symbol — however imbued with personal meaning for any individual — the flag is just a symbol. You cannot equate military service — even the ultimate price — with a piece of colored cloth.

Not when the provocative among us aren’t offered the same platform to express distaste as those expressing pride.

The true beauty of our protected freedoms in this land are most clearly seen when someone expresses themselves in a way or on a topic on which we don’t necessarily agree — then, and only then, is its foundation and strength actually proven.

This experience proves that foundation — and the flag flying emptily above it — deserve to be condemned.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96171,"Amarillo, TX — An Amarillo police officer has been fired after responding to a call at a woman’s house and being accused of raping her.

Officer Micah Meurer responded to a call at a 22-year-old woman’s northwest Amarillo home last Sunday night. At this time, the woman alleges that Meurer forced himself on her and raped her.

The woman described the nature of the incident as an “aggravated sexual assault rape.” Monday morning, after the alleged rape, the woman called the Amarillo police department to report Meurer.

Advertisment

After the accusations, Meurer was placed on paid administrative leave. However, after the forensics exam of both him and the victim confirmed there was indeed sexual contact, Meurer was fired.

According to a report released by the department, detectives collected evidence of clothing, multiple body fluids, blood, and a Walmart receipt which linked Meurer to the case.

Acting Chief of Police Kenneth Funtek terminated Meurer for violations of internal rules, including acts which bring discredit to the officer and the department.

Amarillo Police released the following statement that reads in part:

“The criminal investigation into this incident is continuing. The detectives have collected physical evidence and interviewed both the victim as well as the officer. They will continue to work closely with the 47th District Attorney as they fully investigate the matter. Upon completion of the investigation, detectives will present the case to the prosecutor’s office for determination of any criminal charges.”

Police are still refusing to release the reason why Meurer was responding to the woman’s home that night.

As of Monday, June 22, Meurer has yet to be charged with a crime.

Last year, the Free Thought Project reported on the case of Detroit Police Officer Deon Nunlee. Nunlee responded to a 31-year-old woman’s call for help during a domestic disturbance. During the call, Nunlee took the woman upstairs while one officer remained downstairs with her boyfriend. During the time upstairs, Nunlee raped her.

As we’ve previously reported, sexual misconduct is the second highest of all complaints nationwide against police officers. It’s high time communities stop agreeing to fund this vile behavior perpetrated by those who are supposed to be protecting their communities, not raping them.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103327,"Miami, FL — Last month, Florida’s 3rd District Court of Appeal upheld Miami Shores’ tyrannical and entirely unhealthy ban on front-yard vegetable gardens. The village of Miami Shores, according to the ruling, has every right to take legal action against residents who dare to grow food in their own yards because they are “ugly.”

The ruling in this most recent court case states that:

Miami Shores homeowners may have virtually anything in their

front yard. They may decorate with garden gnomes, pink flamingos and trolls. They may park their boats and jet skis. And they are free to grow whatever trees, flowers, shrubs, grasses, fruits and berries they desire. There is, however, one thing forbidden: Vegetables.

The court’s decision was based on a now four-year long legal battle of Tom Carroll and Hermine Ricketts. All homeowners will be fined $$50 a day, not for robbing banks, or trafficking humans, or running some other criminal enterprise — but for growing their own food.

For 17 years, the couple grew their own food in their front yard until one day, the state came knocking.

“That’s what government does – interferes in people’s lives,” Ricketts said. “We had that garden for 17 years. We ate fresh meals every day from that garden. Since the village stepped its big foot in it, they have ruined our garden and my health.”

Advertisment

No one was harmed by the couple’s garden, it was entirely organic, and in nearly two decades, not one of their neighbors ever complained. The only injured party in this ridiculous act was the state.

According to the tyrannical legislation, all homeowners are subject to the same absurd constraints. Their yards must be covered in grass — that is the law.

“There certainly is not a fundamental right to grow vegetables in your front yard,” Richard Sarafan, attorney for Miami Shores, said at the start of the case. “Aesthetics and uniformity are legitimate government purposes. Not every property can lawfully be used for every purpose.”

The hubris that it takes to claim that no one has a right to grow vegetables in their front yard is mind-blowing. Carroll and Ricketts’ yard is not publicly owned and is not subject to the government’s ‘uniformity’ code — especially when all they are doing is growing food.

“This decision gives local governments tremendous leeway to regulate harmless activities in the name of aesthetics,” said Institute lawyer Ari Bargil, according to the Miami Herald. “It gives government the power to prohibit homeowners from growing plants in their front yards simply because they intend to eat them.”

This case is different than many of the other gardening cases that arise across the country as the majority of front yard gardens are opposed by Home Owner Associations — not the government. When an HOA tells someone they cannot grow a garden it’s because that person voluntarily agreed to the rules.

Unlike members of HOAs, however, Carroll and Ricketts never agreed to these arbitrary constraints on their private property, which happened to be imposed on them nearly two decades after they’d been growing their own food.

While Ricketts and Carroll are upset over the ruling, the do not plan on backing down anytime soon and they are now taking the case to the Florida Supreme Court.

“It’s all about conformity. Miami Shores wants to be a mini Coral Gables,” Ricketts said of another tidy, upscale South Florida city known for strict zoning regulations that at one time included a ban on pickup trucks in driveways at night, accoring to the Miami Herald. “What is the definition of edible? I can go into any front yard and find something edible because every plant has an edible part.

“Miami Shores claims to promote green living. What could be more green than walking out your front door and picking what you’ve grown rather than driving to the store and buying what has been trucked in, in quantities that contribute to food waste?”

The court tried to tell the couple that if they don’t like the ordinance, they can simply petition the government to change it.

However, that is what this couple has been doing for years. Changing the system from within has had zero effect.

The irony here is that had Carroll and Ricketts been growing their garden in the backyard, spraying gallons of glyphosate and permethrin into the air, the city would have been entirely fine with it. Only when this innocent couple dares to grow food in their front yard, violating the “aesthetics and uniformity” of their control freak government, do they ever hear a word.

“If Hermine and Tom wanted to grow fruit or flowers or display pink flamingos, Miami Shores would have been completely fine with it,” said their lawyer, Ari Bargil with the Institute of Justice. “They should be equally free to grow food for their own consumption, which they did for 17 years before the village forced them to uproot the very source of their sustenance.”

In modern day America, growing your own food has now become a revolutionary act.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75120,"Madison, WI – Yet another state is moving towards legalizing cannabis for medical and recreational use. However, Wisconsin is going about it in a most Constitutional way. The state of Wisconsin introduced a bill last week that would effectively nullify the federal prohibition of marijuana in the state.

According to the 10th Amendment Center:

“Rep. Melissa Sargent (D-Madison) and 17 co-sponsors introduced Assembly Bill 482 (AB482) on Aug. 24. The legislation would legalize marijuana under a tax-and-regulate system enforced at the state level similar to alcohol. Under the proposed law, a Wisconsin resident who is at least 21 could legally possess no more than two ounces of marijuana and a nonresident of Wisconsin who is at least 21 could possess no more than one-quarter ounce of marijuana. The legislation would also create a licensing structure for the cultivation, processing and sale of marijuana. Additionally, the bill would create a process for medical marijuana use.”

“This bill is so much more than legalizing marijuana—it’s about legalizing opportunity and prosperity,” Rep. Sargent said. “The state budget was due two weeks ago, and Wisconsin simply can’t afford to wait any longer. We deserve a real plan to create new jobs and stimulate our lagging economy, and that’s what this bill is.”

If successful, the legislation would make Wisconsin the first state to legalize cannabis through a state legislative process, as every other state has utilized a ballot initiative to effectively nullify the federal prohibition.

Advertisment

State nullification of federal marijuana prohibition is completely constitutional, with the feds having little, if any, recourse to stop the process. Despite the federal contention that the Controlled Substances Act (CSA) gives the federal government authority to completely prohibit cannabis within a state’s borders, one need only ask themselves why a constitutional amendment was necessary to enact a nationwide prohibition on alcohol to clearly see the flimsy basis on which the federal prohibition of cannabis stands.

While federal prohibition would remain on the books, the passage of AB482 would remove the vast majority of laws prohibiting the use and possession of marijuana under which people are prosecuted by law enforcement in Wisconsin.

The reality is that law enforcement in Wisconsin makes approximately 99 of 100 marijuana arrests under state, not federal law, according to FBI statistics. By choosing to end the state prohibition of cannabis, Wisconsin can effectively eliminate the basis for 99 percent of arrests for cannabis.

It’s clear the federal government lacks the resources to prohibit marijuana without the assistance of state governments. Figures indicate that it would take 40 percent of the DEA’s annual budget to simply investigate and raid the dispensaries in just the city of Los Angeles—a single city in just one state.

If this legislation passes, Wisconsin will become the latest of a growing number of states that have chosen to nullify marijuana prohibition. However, it would be the first state to legalize recreational marijuana through the state legislature rather than the ballot initiative process.

Colorado, Washington state, Oregon and Alaska were the first states to usurp the federal probation of cannabis for recreational use, only to be joined by California, Nevada, Maine and Massachusetts after successful ballot initiatives to legalize cannabis last year.

Additionally, a total of 29 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico now allow for comprehensive public medical marijuana and cannabis programs, while recently approved efforts in 18 states allow use of “low THC, high cannabidiol (CBD)” products for medical reasons in limited situations or as a legal defense, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.

With a majority of states now allowing cannabis for medical use as well, the federal government finds themselves in a position where they can no longer sustain the ability to enforce marijuana prohibition.

“The lesson here is pretty straight forward. When enough people say, ‘No!’ to the federal government, and enough states pass laws backing those people up, there’s not much the feds can do to shove their so-called laws, regulations or mandates down our throats,” Tenth Amendment Center founder and executive director Michael Boldin said.

Currently, AB482 is in the Assembly Committee on Criminal Justice and Public Safety. The legislation will need to pass by a majority vote before it can be considered by the full State Assembly.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
41443,"After years of growing concern, the California state auditor has produced a damning report describing how the state’s 79,000 foster children are being drugged with psychotropic medications at abnormally high rates.

The report found that nearly 12 percent of kids in California’s child welfare system were prescribed psychotropic medications – including antipsychotics, antidepressants and mood stabilizers – during 2014-2015. This compares to a rate of 4 to 10 percent for non-foster kids.

Some of these vulnerable children were drugged “in amounts and dosages that exceeded state guidelines,” with no follow-up by the county to ensure these prescriptions were appropriate. Some counties also violated the law by failing to obtain court or parental approval for psychotropic medications.

California spent $$226 million on psychotropic medications for foster kids over the last decade, which amounts to almost 72 percent of total drug spending for foster youth.

Advertisment

The report slams the state and counties for a failure of oversight that has allowed child welfare centers to resort to drugging to control behavior, which can have devastating effects on brain development and health condition.

According to a 2014 investigation by the Los Angeles Daily News:

“…there is substantial evidence of many of the drugs’ dramatic side effects: rapid-onset obesity, diabetes and a lethargy so profound that foster kids describe dozing through school and much of their young lives. Long-term effects, particularly on children, have received little study, but for some psychotropics there is evidence of persistent tics, increased risk of suicide, even brain shrinkage.”

Over the last decade, nearly 15 percent of California’s foster kids were prescribed psychotropic medications, and almost 1 in 4 adolescents were being drugged in this way – part of a growing trend across the country.

“To be prescribing these medications so extensively and so, I think, thoughtlessly, with so little evidence supporting their use, it’s just malpractice,” said George Stewart, a Berkeley child psychiatrist who has treated the neediest foster children in the Bay Area for the past four decades. “It really is drugging them.”

The investigation goes on to highlight several disturbing practices that have become the norm in the state’s child welfare system. Nearly 60 percent of foster kids receiving medications were put on the riskiest antipsychotics – a figure that stunned experts and officials overseeing the system.

More than 12 percent of foster kids on meds in 2013 were put on two, three, four or more psychotropic drugs, which falls in “uncharted medical territory.” Foster children, age five and younger, were put on psychotropics, even though federal health officials say this is not safe.

While foster kids, who have often been the victims of abuse and neglect, can certainly have more trouble coping with life and may act out dangerously to themselves or others, the increasing reliance on mind-altering drugs to sedate and control them is disturbing.

Several former foster kids who were interviewed described being in a dazed state all day long, rapidly becoming obese and diabetic, and constantly being in a state of dizziness and nausea. Rochelle Trochtenberg, now 31, still suffers from tremors after being subjected to “a shifting mix of lithium, Depakote, Zyprexa, Haldol and Prozac, among others.”

Another investigation by the Los Angeles Daily News detailed how irresponsible doctors are contributing to the problem highlighted by the auditor’s report.

One psychiatrist who manages treatment at a group home for troubled children is a self-proclaimed “spokesperson for pharmaceutical companies.”

“A mere 10 percent of the state’s highest prescribers were responsible about 50 percent of the time when a foster child received an antipsychotic, the riskiest class of psychiatric drugs with some of the most harmful side effects… These same doctors often relied on risky, unproven combinations of the drugs, a practice widely rejected by medical associations and other states. In San Bernardino County, one psychiatrist prescribed antipsychotics to 328 foster children — 85 percent of the patients to whom he gave a psychiatric drug in the five years the investigation examined. And when one antipsychotic didn’t work — or wasn’t enough — Dr. Warris Walayat routinely prescribed another.”

And last but certainly not least, let’s not forget the role of pharmaceutical companies themselves. Drug manufacturers paid $$4.6 billion in settlements to federal prosecutors after they misrepresented scientific evidence to illegally market their expensive antipsychotic drugs.

Eli Lilly advised its sales task force: “The competition wins if we are distracted into talking about diabetes.”

And, unsurprisingly, when California tried to rein in those prescribing psychotropic medications to children, doctor and psychiatrist lobbying groups enacted heavy pressure to delay or block pieces of the legislation.

There’s just too much money to be made in drugging the most vulnerable kids in the state’s foster care system.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88058,"In the past five years, more Utahns have been killed by cops than by gang violence, drug dealers, or from child abuse.

Data from a five-year period is painting a disturbing picture of a deadly trend among Utah police officers.

Up until this year, killings by police officers ranked second only to homicide of intimate partners. However, this year, including a Saturday shooting in South Jordan, deadly force by police surpassed even violence between spouses and dating partners.

As police killings rise, more people are becoming aware and police watchdog groups are saying that it’s time we start treating deadly force by police as a potentially serious public safety problem. The Free Thought Project agrees.

“The numbers reflect that there could be an issue, and it’s going to take a deeper understanding of these shootings,” said Chris Gebhardt to the Salt Lake Tribune, a former police lieutenant and sergeant who served in Washington, D.C., and in Utah, including six years on SWAT teams and several training duties. “It definitely can’t be written off as citizen groups being upset with law enforcement.”

Advertisment

Only one single case of police deadly force in Utah has ever been deemed “unjustified” by prosecutors which was the 2012 shooting of Danielle Willard by West Valley City police.

The Tribune also spoke to Ian Adams, a West Jordan police officer and spokesman for the Utah Fraternal Order of Police who says, “Police are trained and expected to react to deadly threats. As many deadly threats emerge is the exact amount of times police will respond.”

“The onus is on the person being arrested to stop trying to assault and kill police officers and the innocent public. … Why do some in society continue to insist the problem lies with police officers?”

Apparently Adams is unaware of police tendencies to escalate an otherwise peaceful situation into violent one, at the drop of a hat.

As recent FBI data has shown, violence among citizens is at an all time low, while violence by police is at an all time high. To imply that police are justified in 100% of these killings is not only irresponsible but incredibly dangerous.

The death of another human being should be avoided at all costs and when it happens, regardless of whether or not the person wears a badge, there should be a full investigation; by a third party.

“Sometimes the line between is it legal and is it necessary becomes difficult to distinguish,” criminal justice professor at Weber State University, Robert Wadman said. “In the judgment of the officer, ‘Is my life in jeopardy? Yes.’ At that point in time, they’re legally grounded in using deadly force. But the question is, is it necessary? That’s something that needs to be firmly addressed, for example, in training.”

Gang violence in America was once a national conversation and rightfully so. However, with the legalization of marijuana in several states, these cartels are diminishing and their once violent hold is slipping away. They no longer pose such a large threat.

Americans are less violent now than ever before, so why are we seeing an increase in police violence? If the recent events in Ferguson, MO and the heavy militarization among police forces nationwide, have taught this country anything, it’s that we are long overdue for a serious conversation about police reform.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95310,"“They trying to make it seem like I told them that, you know what I mean, that Freddie Gray did that to himself,” Allen said. “Why the f*** would he do that to himself?”

Baltimore, Md. – In a bombshell revelation, Donta Allen, the man that was in the police transport van at the same time as Freddie Gray, spoke out for the first time publicly and directly refuted information leaked by police.

Allen came forward after an internal investigative memo was leaked by police and subsequently published by the Washington Post on Wednesday. The document claimed that Allen had told police Gray “was intentionally trying to injure himself,” which according to Allen was an attempt to spin his words to make it seem as if Gray may have injured himself.

“They trying to make it seem like I told them that, you know what I mean, that Freddie Gray did that to himself,” Allen said. “Why the f*** would he do that to himself?”

Allen’s words are being intentionally distorted in an effort to exonerate the police of any culpability or wrongdoing while seemingly laying the blame on the victim.

When asked whether he heard Gray banging his head while in the van, Allen said,

Advertisment

“When I got in the van, I didn’t hear nothing. It was a smooth ride. We went straight to the police station. All I heard was a little banging for about four seconds. I just heard little banging, just little banging.”

Allen went on to say,

“I told homicide that I don’t work for the police. I did not tell the police nothing.”

This contradicts police assertions, as claimed in a search warrant affidavit, that Allen claimed Gray was “banging against the walls” of the van.

Allen claims that authorities are using him as a scapegoat to provide cover for their actions relating to the incident.

“They waited 30 to 35 minutes to get [Gray] some medical attention because they want to cover their ass,” Allen told WBAL-TV. “So now, since they can’t cover their ass on that, they’re trying to use me to cover their ass.”

Numerous law enforcement sources have told WJLA-TV that Gray suffered a “catastrophic injury” when he smashed his own back into the van and broke his neck. Additionally, a bolt in the van matched his head injury, according to the sources.

The autopsy of Gray showed no evidence that there were any self-inflicted wounds, and that the fatal spinal and neck injuries were consistent with the force and energy presented in a car accident.

What is clear is that the Baltimore Police Department thought they could use the police spin machine to lay the blame for Gray’s death somewhere other than themselves as a means of escaping accountability.

Please share this important information to help others become aware of the propaganda being disseminated by the Baltimore PD in an effort to obscure the truth from public view!

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
91105,"Broward County, FL — A deputy was recently exonerated for brutally beating a woman who was jailed for being drunk in public. However, a video has surfaced casting serious doubt on the judge’s decision.

As we previously reported, Audra West is a hairdresser from Texas who was on vacation in Fort Lauderdale, Florida when she was arrested and assaulted by police. West had a few too many drinks and was arrested for disorderly conduct. During her stay in the Broward Sheriff’s Jail in Pompano Beach, she was brutally beaten.

Advertisment

West was held in jail for over ten hours before the assault, and during her incarceration, she asked one of the deputies on staff if she could have a tampon. Deputy Kristin Connelly laughed at her and told her no. Frustrated, West cursed under her breath at Connelly, so Connelly stood up, grabbed a pair of rubber gloves and began walking toward her future victim.

As she walked over to assault West, Connelly’s coworker attempts to calm her down, but Connelly was apparently out for blood and went around him.

She grabbed West by her hair, entirely unprovoked and began hitting her, and throwing her to the ground. West was then pulled into another room, off camera, and assaulted by multiple guards who joined in on the attack.

Connelly did not speak of the incident until West filed a formal complaint, at which point Connelly claimed that she was attacked by West. However, since it was obvious from the video footage that West did not physically provoke her in any way, the state refused to press charges against West for the alleged assault on a police officer.

“I was on the floor on my stomach and (Connelly) punched me on this side of the face. And I was being kicked and stepped on from behind, and she was punching me in the face. She punched me in the eye several times,” West said.

“I went into jail with no bruises and I came out covered in bruises, I’ve got bruises all over my body. My face was swollen. My eye was basically swollen shut. I had bruises and cuts all over me,” West said.

Sadly, Connelly and the other attackers were exonerated after an internal investigation.

“The Professional Standards Committee (PSC), which is made up of a mix of BSO employees and private citizens, reviewed the video and entire IA file and recommended no discipline for all three employees. The PSC determined the actions taken were within the policy,” Sheriff Scott Israel said in a statement.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95471,"Baltimore, MD – A grad student at John Hopkins Medical School, in Baltimore, Maryland, has reportedly made a potentially game changing breakthrough in the battle against ALS, which he is partially crediting to the Ice Bucket Challenge, a social media campaign that took Facebook by storm.

Around this time last year the Ice Bucket Challenge became a viral Internet sensation, as people’s newsfeeds were filled with videos of friends pouring buckets of ice water on their heads in an effort to raise awareness about amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, commonly know as ALS or Lou Gehrig’s disease.

The catch was that once nominated for the challenge, one could either choose to take the challenge or opt out and donate to an ALS research charity.

Advertisment

As the social media campaign became a viral sensation, it also became the target of criticism, with some claiming that the heavy attention to ALS would take away from donations to other worthy causes. Others were duped by a story that first appeared on a “satire site,” which incorrectly claimed that the vast majority of money collected by the foundation was spent on “fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations.”

Now one year later, after raising over $$220 million dollars in donations, grad student Jonathan Ling and his professor Philip C. Wong Ph.D. believe their research could lead to slowing the progression of the disease or even a potential cure in the future.

According to a report in The Washington Post:

The breakthrough research unravels the mystery about a protein called TDP-43. About a decade ago, researchers discovered that ALS patients often had clumps of the protein outside the nuclei of their brain cells, but it was unknown whether that was a cause or an effect of the disease. In a study of the protein in mice cells, published last week in the journal Science, the Johns Hopkins scientists detail how TDP-43 — which is supposed to decode DNA — break down and become “sticky.” They are unable to properly read the DNA and the cell dies within a few days. When the researchers inserted a special protein designed to mimic TDP-43 into the neurons, the cells came back to life and returned to normal. That’s sparked fervent interest that the treatment could possibly be used to slow down or even halt the disease.

At the height of the Ice Bucket craze, during August and September, over 17 million people—including numerous celebrities— uploaded their own videos, driving charitable giving to over triple what the organization had received in the previous year, according to the Good News Network.

Wong’s team has been researching ALS for almost a decade, but the duo partially credits the millions brought in by the challenge as being crucial in allowing for the financial backing to pursue “high risk, high reward” research.

“Without it, we wouldn’t have been able to come out with the studies as quickly as we did,” said Philip Wong, a professor at Johns Hopkins who led the research team. “The funding from the ice bucket is just a component of the whole — in part, it facilitated our effort.” “The money came at a critical time when we needed it,” Wong said.

It’s estimated that there are around 15,000 Americans currently living with ALS, which usually kills those diagnosed within two to five years. Currently there is no cure for ALS, with it accounting for roughly 7,000 deaths annually.

While the Ice Bucket Challenge was criticized by some on social media, with a 4,100 percent increase in donations for ALS research from 2013 to 2014, from $$2.8 million to $$115 million, the campaign seems to have found just the right niche to drive charitable giving.

The next phase of the research for Wong’s team will entail conducting more experiments to see if the mimicking protein could be used as a model to treat mice. If successful, human trial would be the final step. Fixing the dysfunctional protein will take time, and undoubtedly more research money.

The researchers hope to use this breakthrough as a platform to call for people to once again participate in the Ice Bucket Challenge and help raise awareness and funding for ALS research.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on BenSwann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, AlterNet, InfoWars, MintPress News and many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104177,"Dallas, TX — An intense cell phone video was published to the DART police facebook page over the weekend which showed a potentially dangerous situation for both citizens and police.

The video is of an incident which occurred on May 7, but for some reason the poster waited until now to release it.

As the video begins, we see a DART police officer attempting to arrest a man who had been allegedly banned from having access to the DART system.

According to DART spokesman, Morgan Lyons, the man had been banned from the station, and the officer was trying to arrest him, but the suspect was fighting.

Advertisment

As onlookers see a police officer with his arm around a man’s neck, they begin to voice their concern. But things do not escalate to dangerous levels until a passerby asks the cop if he needs help, and the cop says yes. The passerby then steps in to aid in the arrest.

The rendering of aid to the officer set the crowd off. They did not want to see a civilian helping in what may or may not have been an unjustifiable arrest.

Several of the onlookers attempt to pull the citizen away and the scenario was on the verge of exploding. However, as another officer shows up, the incident begins to calm down.

According to KDFW,

Lyons says all law enforcement officers are in challenging situations right now because of mistrust after Ferguson, the Eric Garner chokehold death in New York and the Freddie Gray in-custody death in Baltimore. He says DART has begun an investigation to review the officer’s actions, including the hold he had on the suspect because chokeholds are a violation of DART policy.

After the myriad of videos surfacing in the last 12 months alone of police killing non-violent, unarmed, and often entirely innocent people, it is no wonder that the onlookers were upset with this scenario.

This officer could have been arrested a hardened criminal who’d just assaulted an old lady, but do to the mistrust created by the vastly corrupt thin blue line, the man’s guilt or innocence was of no consequence.

The numbers show that the state targets the poor and minorities as they have little recourse and no means of legally fighting back. Fathers are torn from families and thrown into corporatist prisons for simply selling a plant. The prisons constantly demand more prisoners to be filled to capacity. Children grow up in broken families as they watch their dads beaten down and hauled off to prison. Of course anger is brewing.

The system then leaves these young men and women growing up with struggling mothers barely able to make ends meat, and they’re left with very few options; join the military or go to prison.

The cycle feeds on itself, creating a dependency on the very paradigm that is keeping people in perpetual plight through extortion and minimal handouts.

Generation after generation has been growing up in the welfare-warfare state and it has slowly become the norm. When the people in the community get angry enough to take to the streets their misplaced aggression is taken out on the very thing that could actually free them from this cycle, local commerce.

This just anger is then obfuscated and used to create further divide as the media portrays it as animalistic and based in racist hate. Sadly this disinformation becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy and people begin to believe the lies as truth. Poverty is blamed on the rich by the state while the politicians silently vote themselves into the 1%.

If this video shows us anything, it is that the time for radical change is now. A silent civil war is brewing in the streets, but it is not inevitable. To see what you can do to affect this peaceful change, take a look through our #Solutions section.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103809,"Attorney Troy Bouk was recently interviewed by Ring of Fire’s Farron Cousins to discuss the shingles vaccine Zostavax, the issues related to its effectiveness and the problems that are associated with the product, including the fact that the drugmaker’s vaccine seems to cause the very affliction that it seeks to prevent — and, according to a massive lawsuit, thousands of victims agree.

While we have everyone from attorneys to biologists, to political scientists who contribute to the Free Thought Project, none of us are doctors, so we do not make recommendations about what you and your family should do in regards to vaccination. That being said, the drug makers have an incentive for you not to see this information which means it will not be reported on in the mainstream media as their advertising dollars are tied directly to these companies. So, we find that it is our duty to spread this information and with your help sharing it, we can have a massive effect.

In the interview with Cousins, Bouk explained that Zostavax is made with a live strain of the shingles virus and described the complications that are associated with shingles. Shingles is caused by the varicella-zoster virus, which is the same virus that causes chicken pox. The varicella-zoster virus lies dormant in people who have had chicken pox, but sometimes the virus reawakens and produces shingles.

The virus often manifests as a painful rash, and can also lead to encephalitis, vision loss and postherpetic neuralgia. Bouk said that the virus sometimes “tends to get into your central nervous system, and then, once in there, it wreaks some havoc by usually causing swelling which ends up with these other medical problems. That’s the situation with the vaccine itself, is that Merck hasn’t warned anyone about those indications.”

Advertisment

Cousins asked Bouk about the effectiveness of Zostavax, to which Bouk replied:

“The FDA has approved the vaccine for people 50 years of age and older, whereas the CDC only recommends that those individuals 60 years of age and older get it. The reason is that once you have had the Zostavax shot, the FDA says it only lasts for about four years. It’s not proven to last any longer than that. Let’s say you’re 55 years old. It may stay in your system till you’re 60, but you actually are at the greatest risk of getting shingles when you’re in your 60s. That’s why the CDC recommends that you really don’t get it until you’re in your 60s, because that’s probably when you’re going to need it the most.”

Book’s claim regarding the CDC’s recommendation is indeed correct. According to the CDC’s website, the agency specifically advises Zostavax to be given to people aged 60 and older and does not provide a recommendation for people between the ages of 50 and 59. The CDC warns that people in the 50-59 age group who receive the Zostavax shot may lose the vaccine’s protection benefits by the time they reach age 60, stating that “adults vaccinated before age 60 years might not be protected later in life when the risk for shingles and its complications are greatest.”

Despite the CDC’s caution against administering Zostavax to people under 60, the FDA approves the vaccine for people age 50 and older, and Merck uses the FDA’s approval to market the vaccine to that age group. Zostamax sales reached $$749 million in 2015.

The true efficacy of Zostavax is unclear. The CDC states that the drug “reduced the risk of shingles by 51%” based on a study of 38,000 people age 60 and up. Reuters reported that Zostavax’s effectiveness “varies between 18 and 70 percent, and it declines noticeably in older people.”

A second shingles vaccine from drug manufacturer GlaxoSmithKline, Shingrix, may be available if the FDA approves their filing. Shingrix, a two-dose vaccine, distinguishes itself from Zostavax because it’s derived from a protein of the virus rather than a live strain. The efficacy of Shingrix is more impressive, as Reuters noted that “in clinical trials, GSK’s vaccine remained 90 percent effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections.”

Merck has explicitly stated that those who receive the Zostavax vaccine “may still get shingles.” However, Bouk argued that some people may be contracting shingles as a side effect of the vaccine itself due to the live virus strain in the vaccine, not because people are experiencing shingles despite the vaccine.

Bouk went on to say that “there is a study out there that shows that in 50% of the patients that actually get the vaccine, that sometimes they don’t get shingles — the virus goes straight to manifesting in the central nervous system. It’s possible that you could get the vaccine and get meningitis or encephalitis without ever actually exhibiting shingles.” Bouk advises that patients weigh the risks of Zostavax before receiving the vaccine.

While GSK seeks approval of Shingrix, which could lead to their product edging out Zostavax, a large number of claims have been filed against Merck. The Mark J. Bern Partners law firm “is currently representing nearly 5000 claimants and has thousands more filings to follow.”

Marc J. Bern said that his firm has been “investigating this drug for quite some time. We steadfastly believe in the merits of this litigation. This vaccination is at best 50 percent effective. Either it is not effective or it causes shingles or a host of other side effects.” Bern added that “what is most troubling is that Merck had a better alternative on hand when this product was released.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50569,"A 26 year old from the Chicago area was driving his motorcycle down East Oakton St. in Des Plaines, where he was apparently cut off by a police officer driving an SUV.

The man is thrown from his bike and spins out until he ends up underneath the front bumper of the cruiser. What happened next, while not surprising is repugnant.

Advertisment

The officer gets out of his car and stares at the man laying on the ground under his bumper. He renders ZERO aid. When all of his buddies show up, they simply stare blankly at the man on the ground as he was slipping in and out of consciousness; walking around him like he was already dead.

No vitals were checked, no “are you okays,” nothing. According to a user submitted thread on reddit the man who was hit brought his case to court and won.

The victim also reported that he “had a few hundred dollars in his wallet as well as his cell phone in his pack back, which the police held for a few days that were missing when he got it back.”

If ever you needed more compelling evidence that cops are here to protect and serve the state, and NOT the well-being of its citizenry, here it is.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75274,"In May, Maryland residents Mike and Heather Martin temporarily had two of their children taken away by child protective services as a result of a video they made depicting their children crying, in what some have said was a sick stunt. The parents, who run a YouTube channel called DaddyOFive, seemed shocked when their children were removed from the home, but critics contend they abuse their children.

Unfortunately, children being depicted as unwilling participants in controversial videos has spurned a debate over what is appropriate for children, what may have been created for pedophiles, and what parents need to know. Thanks to comedian Daniel Tosh, this disturbing world of YouTube child exploitation is getting some much-needed coverage.

Home movies have been around as long as video cameras. But with the rise of child pornography, the proliferation of pedophiles and the accompanying technology, a renewed vigilance to protect the innocence of our nation’s youth is needed.

Not only did Tosh expose this darkness, but in a recent publication by Vigilant Citizen, a disturbing discovery was made about online videos, principally located on YouTube, which depict real children in bizarre and unnatural situations. Here’s what they found.

Children with access to YouTube can be tricked into watching videos featuring their favorite Disney characters such as Mickey Mouse. Here’s Mickey getting his ears cut off by scissors.

Here’s Elsa from the movie “Frozen” showing her having sex with Spider-Man.

Advertisment

Here’s another featuring the same two characters.

Then there’s the videos which play upon some children’s worst fears.

Here are two infants with fake cockroaches on their faces.

This one shows a giant tarantula crawling on a toddler in a onesie.

But what might be the most disturbing of the videos we uncovered was revealed to us, ironically, by Daniel Tosh. The outspoken comedian and purveyor of controversial videos and off-color topics, was seemingly disturbed by what he learned.

“I’ll level with you. I may have stumbled upon something dark here,” Tosh said.

“Anyone watching these videos needs to put some pants on and turn themselves into the FBI.”

He told his viewers that the children, who star in a YouTube channel called Seven Super Girls, may be unaware of how they’re being marketed, and to which specific audience. Tosh staged a “To Catch a Predator” style spoof on the type of viewers who were watching the seven girls’ videos. You guessed it….pedophiles. Unfortunately, their videos are extremely popular and serve as an indictment to the world’s pedophilic attractions.

The channel has nearly 3,000 videos uploaded. But this is no ordinary children’s show, and without a doubt, 1980’s era censors would have driven themselves mad in an attempt to shut down the perversion.

At first glance, the Seven Super Girls YouTube homepage, arguably, looks like one’s favorite porn site. Each under-18 girl has her own subchannel. To the unwitting, however, the site may look like girls dressed like girls, engaging in activities which girls enjoy — going to camp, hanging with friends by the pool, and playing dress up.

But to a pedophile, the site is a smorgasbord of smut, carefully crafted to serve as eye candy for adults and teenagers to indulge in their child-sex fantasies. After we clicked on the entire list of videos and selected to sort by most popular, it became clear to us at The Free Thought Project, the videos are in no way innocent.

The first video titled “Lucy’s Morning Routine” shows a young girl licking a cream pie. The video has 138 million views, yet never rises above the level of a bad Pee Wee Herman episode. Why so many views? Tosh believes it’s simply a visual feast for pedophiles.

The second video is labeled “Escaping from Your Bed In The Morning!!” and features a young child immobilized on a bed with duct tape. What might be an interesting video to children is certainly a child bondage video for predators, who gorge on the fantasies elicited from the viewing.

Our investigation into the Seven Super Girls channel uncovered an incredibly disturbing phenomenon. The girls are all selected as stars of the channel by uploading an audition video to SAKs channels, pronounced “Sax” and eerily close to “Sex” — we believe on purpose. You decide for yourself. When you click on the link to the YouTube video, the official SAKs channels are listed in the comments section.

The video even warns to be wary of fake Seven Super Girls channels. Do you have any idea why? Because pedophiles set up their own fake audition sites so that they can have access to the personal information of children and teens they would choose to exploit. There’s no way uploading a video of one’s child to any of the SAKs sites is an exercise in good parenting.

It’s highly probable that the children, teens, and adults who are creating and uploading the videos have no idea, or don’t care, that pedophiles are gorging on their videos. All of which makes the seriousness of the proliferation and views of the videos that much more disturbing. How can parents, teens, and children resist the temptation to be internet famous? After all, if the Jenner girls are all doing it, why shouldn’t they? That’s a fair question.

The Seven Super Girls channel has nearly 7 million subscribers, and their videos have been viewed 7.4 billion times. The information under the “about” tab shows a business email for the site to be [email protected]. Notice the word “enquiries” is written in British English, not the American English spelling of “Inquiries”.

The New York Times wrote the following about the SAKs channels;

The SAKs channels, as they are known, were started in 2008 by seven families in Britain who, in the early days of YouTube, wanted to make sure their children were making family-appropriate content. The only remaining parent of that original partnership is Ian Rylett, who is currently in charge of the SAKs operation.

It’s safe to say that the family-appropriate content has taken a backseat to pedophile appealing content. Other than the New York Times article, little is known about Mr. Rylett who runs the SAKs corporation, which employs a staff of six.

Mr. Rylett, who lives in Leeds, said producing the channels was essentially his full-time job. He and a team of six others take care of copyright issues, create sponsorship deals, come up with weekly themes, monitor the channels and arrange meet and greets. The tickets for a 1,000-seat event that is coming up in Orlando, Fla., are selling for $$30 each.

We want our readers to think for themselves. If you’re a parent or are thinking about being one, and want to protect your children from pedophiles, by all means, visit the Seven Super Girls YouTube channel. Decide for yourself if Mr. Rylett and his team are doing a good job of monitoring the content of the children’s videos to prevent the site from becoming food for famished pedophiles.

As The Free Thought Project has reported on many occasions, a vast pedophile network exists in the U.K., which has even incriminated former UK Prime Minister, Sir Edward Heath.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103590,"Kochville Township, MI — DaJuawn Wallace was on a late night drug store run to get medicine for his sick girlfriend when he was targeted for a traffic stop.

Saginaw Valley State University Police Officer Leon Wilson had seen a car driving on the sidewalk on the SVSU campus earlier that night. Despite not knowing the make nor the model of the car, Wilson decided to pull over Wallace, citing that he “fit the description.”

“I was uncertain about the make and the model of the vehicle, but this vehicle looked like the same color and was leaving the immediate area,” Wilson wrote.

As Wilson turned on his lights to pull Wallace over, Wallace decided that it would be far safer to wait to pull over until he was in a well-lit area.

Advertisment

“I live in Detroit, and I know some people who were robbed by fake police officers,” Wallace said. “I was taught to find a well-lit area to pull over in.”

In fact, Detroit police have even gone on record and said that you have permission not to stop if you don’t believe a real cop is trying to pull you over.

Besides the risk of the cop being fake, there is also the danger of the cop simply being a cop. Just south of Kochville, in Inkster, Michigan, 57-year-old Floyd Dent was pulled over on a dark road, in March of this year. He was subsequently beaten, framed and charged with multiple counts including resisting arrest, assault on an officer, and fleeing police. Dashcam video eventually proved his innocence.

Wallace had driven an extra 1.5 miles after the initial turning on of Wilson’s police lights. He never once accelerated, nor did he turn off his lights, try to turn, or make any attempt at all to evade Wilson. He did, however, signal Wilson with his hand from out of the window, suggesting that he would be pulling over ahead.

Dashcam video shows exactly that.

Wilson reported that after he had turned flashing lights at the intersection of Bay and Liberty, Wallace continued southbound at about 35 miles per hour as he approached Kochville Road, according to MLive.

“The driver made no attempt to pull over and stop. I observed the driver stick his hands out of the window a couple of times. I did not see the driver throw anything from the vehicle, though it was dark and the road was poorly lit,” Wilson wrote backing up Wallace’s account and assertion that the road was dark and poorly lit.

When Wallace finally stopped in the parking lot of a Sam’s Club, Wilson demanded he get out with his hands up. Wallace was arrested and charged with felony fleeing and eluding. He had committed no other crime.

“I feel that if I was an older individual, it wouldn’t have been a problem,” Wallace said. “I feel like if I was of a different sex, they would’ve probably thought that I was just trying to find somewhere safe to pull into.”

Perhaps it was just this individual officer’s overreaction to Wallace’s decision to find a well-lit area to pull over. The prosecutor would certainly see the erroneous nature of charging a man for a felony who simply tried to keep himself safe during a traffic stop, right? Wrong.

Saginaw County Chief Prosecutor Christopher Boyd unapologetically explained that Wallace should have immediately curtseyed to the officer.

“You don’t get a driver’s license and get to pick what rules you are going to follow and what rules you are not going to follow,” Boyd said.

The prosecutor’s office then issued Wallace a plea deal, saying that if pleaded guilty the misdemeanor charge of fleeing and eluding, that they would drop the felony charge.

Wallace, who is resolute in the fact that he did nothing wrong, rejected the offer to plead guilty to a “crime” he did not commit.

“Most people will say fine, thank you for not sending me to jail. Well, that will be detrimental to me,” said Wallace. “If I had to take a plea for a felony, I would be forced to resign my job, and I wouldn’t be able to get financial aid, and I wouldn’t be able to do anything with my degree. Even still with the misdemeanor.”

On Thursday, Wallace has his preliminary examination. If he again refuses to accept the plea deal, District Judge Terry Clark will determine if there is enough evidence to bring the case to trial.

Wallace is in a master’s program at SVSU for health administration and has a May 2016 graduation date. Because of a defunct legal system, hell bent on keeping its 98% conviction rate, Wallace could have his entire education flushed down the toilet if he’s convicted. In the meantime, however, a cop can admit to raping a toddler and avoid jail altogether.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95695,"We know it may seem counter-intuitive to what we already know about tobacco, but a steady stream of scientific research is revealing some surprising conclusions about cannabis. The latest research, published on December 27th, 2016, indicates that marijuana use does not run the same risk of stroke that tobacco does.

The study used a sampling of 49,321 Swedish men, born between 1949 and 1951 and were conscripted to military service at the age of 18 and 20. Their medical health questionnaire, completed upon conscription, served as the baseline data for the soldiers. And since Sweden’s healthcare system is nationalized, the national database was accessed to compare initial conscription data with longitudinal health data decades later.

Stroke data was analyzed from the 49,321 participants. The researchers concluded, “We found no evident association between cannabis use in young adulthood and stroke, including strokes before 45 years of age. Tobacco smoking, however, showed a clear, dose–response shaped association with stroke.” The conclusions may be a surprise to some, but probably not to cannabis users, whom many consider marijuana to be a good medicine.

Advertisment

In one related double-blind study, cannabidiol (CBD) was demonstrated to have helped research study participants reduce the number of cigarettes smoked daily. The study was conducted using 24 smokers. Twelve smokers were given a CBD inhaler and told to inhale the substance whenever they felt the urge to smoke. They were also not prevented from smoking. The other 12 were given a placebo inhaler and told to do the same.

The results were promising. The group which received the CBD inhaler, reportedly smoked 40 percent fewer cigarettes weekly. CBD, which is oil derived from hemp, is arguably much safer than the Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs) currently prescribed to some smokers who choose to quit. The SSRIs are required by the FDA to carry what is known as a “black box warning label” warning consumers of suicidal and homicidal ideations and actions. CBD, however, is all natural, and is apparently a threat to the DEA.

Just last month, in December of 2016, the DEA made the highly controversial move to classify CBD oil as a Schedule I narcotic along with heroin, and cocaine. Good luck getting high on CBD as it does not and cannot get anyone high. The disgusting move on the part of the enforcement wing of the drug war should be immediately reversed on the grounds the DEA is heavily influenced by Big Pharma and is not making a clear headed decision and certainly not one which is best for the American people.

The aforementioned research studies show promise, not only for users of marijuana to feel more comfortable about the use of their medicine, but also for smokers of tobacco, those who are the highest risk for stroke, cancer, and emphysema. According to the American Cancer Society, “Tobacco use kills more than 6 million people annually, 30 percent of whom will die from cancer-related diseases due to smoking. If current trends continue, tobacco use will kill 8 million people annually by 2030, 83 percent of whom reside in low- and middle-income countries.”

So, we at The Free Thought Project continually ask the common sense line of questioning. Why is tobacco legal and marijuana illegal? Why isn’t tobacco on the list of schedule I narcotics? Why, if after decades and decades of research on Tobacco, is it allowed for purchase in all 50 states by those 18 and older?

Of course, no one is advocating for outlawing a substance that makes people happy — regardless of the health effects — however, the hypocrisy in this scenario is rife.

The logic that marijuana needs to be criminalized and users kidnapped, caged, and some even killed in police raids, all smacks in the face of common sense. It’s about time that the government heeds the published research on the study, ends the war on marijuana, and declassifies CBD as a narcotic. Enough is enough and we’re fighting back with information. Thanks to the latest research studies, we once again have more than enough evidence to show that marijuana is not only safe, and healthy, but has the potential to help others quit lifelong bad habits such as smoking cigarettes.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103695,"Becky Behm was arrested for drunk driving and released the next day but her night spent in jail would prove to be horrific. Behn was beaten by 3 officers, punched in the face, swung head-first into a concrete wall, sprayed with pepper spray and left with no medical attention in a cell.

We can tell from the video that she posed ZERO threat whatsoever to these brutal tyrants, yet they persisted, escalated to violence and savagely beat Becky Behm.

According to CINewsNow.com a criminal case was brought against the three officers, Sergeant Richard Johnston, and correctional officers Jeffery Bieber and Justin Piro, all of Tazewell County. Bieber and Piro were accused of using un–necessary force against Becky Behm after she was arrested.

Advertisment

Johnston was accused of neglecting his supervisory duties during the quarrel between the woman and the officers.

All three officers were found not guilty.

However, after a lengthy closed door session before the Tazewell County Board, a settlement was approved for $$175,000 to be paid to Behm.

Apparently Tazewell County has a brutal track record with previous inmates; the payment to Behm is the third large sum paid to an inmate in the last few years.

Tazewell County paid $$100,000 to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit filed by former inmate Kody Leuallen, who claimed a jailer made her perform oral sex on him twice in 2005. The county also settled a suit brought by inmate Charles Chandler for $$440,000.

Chandler claimed to have been beaten by officers while he was handcuffed to a bed in 2007. That incident, like the one with Behm, was captured on the jail’s video surveillance system.

The officers remain on the job, and the taxpayers held liable for their violent incompetence, as is the modus operandi for tyrant cops as of late.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90518,"Washington, D.C. – In a clear escalation in the ongoing war on U.S. citizens, the Justice Department has recommended that bank employees snitch on customers attempting to withdraw more than $$5,000.

Federal regulations already require banks to submit a “Suspicious Activity Report” (SAR) when, “Transactions conducted or attempted by, at, or through the bank (or an affiliate) and aggregating $$5,000 or more…” according to the handbook for the Federal Financial Institution Examination Council.

The banks are required to fill a certain number of SAR reports every month. This forces them to file SARs for perfectly legal actions (such as withdrawing cash).

Advertisment

If using the banks as snitches, by having them file SARs on bank customers withdrawing over $$5,000 dollars cash wasn’t intrusive enough, now the feds are advocating that bankers actually call law enforcement themselves.

The Wall Street Journal reports:

The U.S. Justice Department’s criminal head said banks may need to go beyond filing suspicious activity reports when they encounter a risky customer. “The vast majority of financial institutions file suspicious activity reports when they suspect that an account is connected to nefarious activity,” said assistant attorney general Leslie Caldwell in a speech last Monday, according to prepared remarks. “But, in appropriate cases, we encourage those institutions to consider whether to take more action: specifically, to alert law enforcement authorities about the problem.” The remarks indicate that banks may be expected to do more than just file SARs, a responsibility that itself can be expensive and time-consuming. Some banks already have close relationships with law enforcement, said Kevin Rosenberg, chair of Goldberg Lowenstein & Weatherwax LLP’s government investigation and white collar litigation group. Ms. Caldwell’s remarks “speak to moving forward in a more collaborative way,” said Mr. Rosenberg. A tip-off from a bank about a suspicious customer could lead law enforcement to seize funds or start an investigation, Ms. Caldwell said.

Don’t think for a moment that the government won’t potentially utilize this as a means of simplifying the seizure of property from innocent people with zero due process.

Mac Slavo of SHFTplan.com writes:

“Do you need to withdraw cash to purchase a used car from a private seller? Or perhaps you are pulling out some emergency cash for a loved one. Either one of these activities are now considered suspicious and if your cash withdrawal amounts to even a few thousand dollars your bank teller is under a legal requirement to alert officials about your suspected criminal activity. And before you argue that you can’t possibly be a suspect because you have done nothing wrong, consider that even being suspected of being a suspect is now enough to land you on a terrorist watchlist in America.”

In 2013, there was a substantial expansion of the terrorist watchlist system. It authorized a secret process that requires neither “concrete facts” nor “irrefutable evidence” to designate an American or foreigner as a terrorist, according to government documents obtained by The Intercept.

So potentially you can receive a visit from the police, be put on a terror watch list, and/or have your assets seized for doing nothing other than simply withdrawing your hard earned cash from the bank.

Let that sink in for a moment.

All of that for trying to withdraw your own money from a bank!

It’s always for “our” safety… always about safety.

Just give up a little bit more freedom and exchange it for the warm fuzzy feeling of safety. Exactly how much more liberty must we give up before we finally achieve the ever elusive maximum security?

It seems everyone is a suspect in police state USA.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102449,"Just one week after praising Congress for coming together to pass a bill that will ensure that the United States spends $$2 billion a day on military spending in 2018, President Trump is now claiming that the U.S. “foolishly spent $$7 trillion in the Middle East,” even though he has only helped increase that amount.

Trump took to Twitter on Friday to claim that he foresees Republicans working with Democrats “in a Bipartisan fashion” at some point. “Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start,” he wrote. “After having foolishly spent $$7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!”

At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $$7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2017

Advertisment

However, while Trump is right about the fact that the United States needs to focus on its infrastructure, and that the U.S. has wasted trillions of taxpayer dollars in the Middle East, he seems to be forgetting the fact that just days before, he was celebrating the passage of a bill that will continue the U.S. government’s tradition of wasting massive amounts of money in the Middle East.

While Trump was not as vocal about the passage of the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act on Twitter, he did makes a few comments before signing the legislation at the White House. He referenced an attempted attack in New York City, where a man detonated a crudely-made pipe bomb in a subway station the day before. While the man who made the device was the only one injured, Trump used it as another example of why Americans should funnel billions of tax dollars into “keeping America safe.”

“Brand-new, beautiful equipment is on its way—the best you’ve ever had by far. We make the best in the world, and you’re going to have it,” Trump bragged in true Trump-fashion. He concluded by saying, “I won’t be showing all of this to everybody, believe it or not. That’s a lot of pages. That is a lot of pages.”

Included in the $$700-billion budget for the 2018 NDAA is nearly $$66 billion for the Overseas Contingency Operations fund, which ensures that the U.S. will continue to fuel proxy wars in nations such as Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria. The National Priority Project defined the fund as:

“The Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund—sometimes referred to as war funds—is a separate pot of funding operated by the Department of Defense and the State Department, in addition to their “base” budgets (i.e., their regular peacetime budgets). Originally used to finance the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, the OCO continues to be a source of funding for the Pentagon, with a fraction of the funds going to the State Department. Since the OCO fund has very little oversight and is not subject to the sequestration cuts that slashed every other part of the budget in 2013, many experts consider it a ‘slush fund’ for the Pentagon.”

The 2018 military budget also allocates $$634 billion for the Pentagon. This was done despite the fact that a recent report on the budgets of the Department of Defense and the Department of Housing and Urban Development, found that between the two departments, they have lost over $$21 trillion in the last 17 years—enough money to pay back the U.S. National Debt.

While Trump criticized his predecessor for “foolishly” spending trillions of taxpayer dollars in the Middle East, the fact is that Trump has only upped the ante and increased military spending significantly, showing that he is only continuing what was started by the Bush and Obama Administrations. In 2018 alone, the United States’ military budget is $$700 billion, which means American taxpayers will spend nearly $$2 billion every day on war.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88273,"

Guess what….It’s because we’ve all been had. Diamond rings were never part of mainstream marriage proposals until the 1930’s when De Beers launched a massive ad campaign to successfully dupe the entire population into thinking that you need to spend thousands on a rock in order to get married.

Sure, if you do some digging you’ll see that certain royal groups and some rich people throughout history have exchanged diamonds as a show of love, but as far as the common man goes, no way.

Advertisment

Americans exchange diamond rings as part of the engagement process, because in 1938 De Beers decided that they would like us to.

Are we saying that advertising is bad? No. But buying into it can be, and going into debt to assimilate to some mythical cultural trend established by a global monopoly on rocks, well, yeah that’s kinda bad; not too mention that buying these rocks pulled from the earth by child slave labor tends to encourage immoral business practices…such as child slave labor.

Now you know….and knowing is half the battle. The other half of the battle is action, so good luck explaining this to your soon to be fiance.

A century of advertising has “Inception”-ed us so hard. Everything about the ring is a racket. The video from College Humor is hilarious but does contain some NSFW dialogue.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
52362,"Having been subjected to the intellectually insulting shit show of a third and, thankfully, final debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump — likely the two most despised candidates in U.S. electoral history — it’s now imperative Americans train their attention to rapidly unfolding events which, by every indication, comprise blaring alarm bells of impending world war.

And no, despite scaremongering to the contrary, this war — centered around superpowers Russia and the United States — would not inevitably devolve into the hurling of nuclear missiles. In fact, the likelihood of no-holds-barred nuclear war is, at best, negligible — but the odds of unhindered conventional warfare have increased markedly over the past week.

Forget electoral panem et circenses; the current administration has already set in motion an obstinately unstoppable train wreck.

A senior NATO diplomat, who spoke with Reuters under condition of anonymity and cited ‘Western intelligence,’ gave the startling assessment Wednesday that Russia is “deploying all of the Northern fleet and much of the Baltic fleet in the largest surface deployment since the end of the Cold War.

“This is not a friendly port call. In two weeks, we will see a crescendo of air attacks on Aleppo as part of Russia’s strategy to declare victory there.”

Indeed, Russian ally Syrian President Bashar al-Assad eagerly accepted President Vladimir Putin’s military assistance in its chaotic and complex conflict, which largely involves U.S.-created and Saudi Arabia-funded Islamic State militants; U.S.-trained and armed ‘moderate rebel’ terrorists; Syrian government forces; and the altogether controversial Western-backed, Saudi-led coalition. Considering the decimation taking place, that assistance is absolutely justifiable.

Of course, that farcically simplified explanation requires the contextualization of an intricate web of extenuating circumstances — nearly any one of which could spark a powderkeg.

Russian military endeavors in Syria have already earned a vow by the U.S. to defend itself — and by logical extension, that would include whichever rebel groups it considers ‘moderate’ enough not to deserve being targeted. With Russia planning an all-in offensive, some analysts have warned, the Pentagon could facilely decide to undertake direct ‘defensive’ measures.

At the heart of the U.S.’ multi-fronted proxy war with Russia sits a highly-propagandized, baseless narrative of “Russian aggression” — a claim thoroughly saturating American political rhetoric to shift both focus and blame from the true substantive aggressor the world over: the United States.

Save for scanty disagreement from Western-centric analysts, this American aggression — marked by an obstinate quest for dominance and control — has us all perilously hurtling for needless war on a global scale.

Advertisment

And needless, if not highly suspect, aptly characterizes the U.S. recent destruction of several strategic radar sites inside Yemen following dubious claims the U.S.S. Mason had come under missile attack by Iran-allied Shi’a Houthi rebels. Although American politicians and corporate media swiftly proffered those claims as steel truth — even amid a nascent investigation by the Pentagon — the Department of Defense’s own preliminary statement cast doubt about veracity.

“The initial thoughts is that this [attack] was aimed at them,” DoD spokesman Capt. Jeff Davis stated shortly after the purported incident last Tuesday.

Nonetheless, the belligerent move by the U.S. spurred Iran to deploy an entire fleet of military vessels to the same Gulf of Aden waters from whence the response attack had been launched.

Now, despite the abrupt and official military entree into the Yemeni war, Reuters reported, the “Pentagon declined to say on Monday whether the USS Mason destroyer was targeted by multiple inbound missiles fired from Yemen on Saturday, as initially thought, saying a review was under way to determine what happened.”

But the U.S. propaganda machine truly hit a fever pitch today, thanks to an altogether shady exclusive report courtesy of Reuters — amplifying an altogether unproven claim Iran has been directly supplying Houthi rebels with missiles, arms, and ‘cash.’

In fact an unsurprisingly unnamed and unverifiable “senior U.S. administration official” delivered an accusation of potentially staggering consequence, telling Reuters:

“We have been concerned about the recent flow of weapons from Iran into Yemen and have conveyed those concerns to those who maintain relations with the Houthis, including the Omani government.”

Oman, of course, flatly denies such allegations.

“There is no truth to this,” Omani Foreign Minister Yousef bin Alwi told Saudi newspaper Okaz in an interview last week. “No weapons have crossed our border and we are ready to clarify any suspicions if they arise.”

In fact, though Reuters cites several anonymous diplomats and officials, the accusation Iran has been supplying anything directly to the Houthis has yet to be unassailably proven — and such reports do little more than proffer a narrative suitable not only to maintain new U.S. military endeavors in Yemen, but to recklessly provoke a proxy Iranian conflict.

Such psychological operations are, of course, not unusual for the United States — and extend to a statement given by President Barack Obama on Tuesday concerning Russia.

In a blatant attempt to discredit Donald Trump for a supposed fondness for Putin, Obama, as usual, invoked the Russian aggression narrative — however, this spiel came complete with a pointedly significant re-characterization about the Russian military.

“We think that Russia is a large, important country with a military that is second only to ours and has to be a part of the solution on the world stage rather than part of the problem,” the president explained, surreptitiously upgrading the Cold War foe’s capabilities than its previous status as mere “regional power” in umpteen previous statements.

This not-at-all-minor point most does effectively two things: grows in less cagey American minds the palpability and thus legitimacy of a Russian threat, and renews Cold War propaganda pitting two global superpowers as mortal enemies — ostensibly setting up a pre-justification to act in even pre-emptive self-defense anywhere on the planet this proxy war plays out.

Additionally, in a matter of weeks, disfavor over U.S.’ actions has cemented military and other alliances between a quickly mounting number of former, longstanding American allies and other traditional Western foes — the vast majority of which align with Russia.

After a subtly significant geopolitical snub during a meeting of the U.N. Security Council to negotiate a ceasefire in Syria, which infuriated Saudi Arabia, Egypt fomented a friendly military relationship with UNSC presiding body, Russia.

“[F]or the first time,” beginning October 15, Reuters reported, “joint drills between Egyptian and Russian paratrooper units” began in Egypt, and will continue through the 26th. Further, the growing rift with Saudi Arabia indicated Egypt might have been weighing options for a different ally for some time. Reuters wrote:

“A halt to shipments of Saudi fuel to Egypt under a $$23 billion aid deal shows that a rift between the Arab world’s richest country and its most populous may be deeper than previously thought, which could leave Egypt desperate for a new sponsor.”

Egypt hasn’t been alone in jumping ship — and the Middle East isn’t the sole locus of conflict.

During a four-day visit at the invitation of Chinese President Xi Jinping this week — amid deteriorating relations with the United States — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asserted it is “only China that can help us.”

This massive shift in alignment could have highly consequent repercussions in the territorial dispute over the South China Sea — another conflict in which the U.S. has embroiled itself in several proxy wars, including Russian-backed China.

In fact, although the Philippines had been at the center of that quarrel, unnamed Chinese officials prior to the ongoing meeting announced China would “consider giving Filipino fishermen conditional access to disputed waters in the South China Sea after the presidents of the two countries meet in Beijing this week.”

Now, following through on intimations the Philippines would cleave from the West, Duterte just made a historic and stunning announcement today, to an auditorium in Beijing packed with over 200 Chinese and Philippine business people, including Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli:

“In this venue, your honours, in this venue, I announce my separation from the United States. Both in military, not maybe social, but economics also. America has lost.”

He added, “I’ve realigned myself in your ideological flow and maybe I will also go to Russia to talk to [President Vladimir] Putin and tell him that there are three of us against the world — China, Philippines and Russia. It’s the only way.”

As another geostrategic and commercial waterway of international importance, the South China Sea’s role in the U.S. proxy war is second only to the Red Sea and access to it — but the presence of American naval vessels in both those waters and neighboring East China Sea has been deemed an aggressive threat by China and its strengthening ally Russia, as well as North Korea.

Joint naval and military drills conducted by the U.S. and ally South Korea and the planned installation of the U.S.’ Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, missile system along the latter’s borders inflamed tensions with North Korea — who has been testing ballistic missiles for months, much to the consternation of the two nations and ally, Japan.

On Wednesday, in response to this perceived aggression, North Korea issued a severe admonishment to the two countries that even “minor signs of aggression” would greenlight Pyongyang to flatten Seoul in a defensive first-strike nuclear attack.

“It has been too long a time since our revolutionary armed forces switched to a principle of pre-emptive strike in the conduct of war, in response to the aggressive war provocations of our enemies,” Pyongyang stated, as cited by UPI, ominously adding a “ruthless pre-emptive strike is to be applied even in the face of minor signs of aggression.”

Not known for backing down from delicate situations, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry declared its intent to deploy THAAD “as soon as possible,” after meeting with South Korean officials in Washington, and told the press:

“Let me be clear. Any attack on the United States or its allies will be defeated, and any use of nuclear weapons will be met with an effective and overwhelming response.

“We do not, and we will not, accept North Korea as a nuclear-armed state.”

Leaving nothing open to misinterpretation, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter clarified in a separate press statement that, in defense of Seoul, the United States guaranteed “full spectrum” use of its response capabilities — meaning nuclear missiles are anything but off the table.

Shortly afterward, according to NBC News, “U.S. Strategic Command said it had detected what it believed to be a failed missile launch near the northwestern North Korean city of Kusong.”

Director of the North Korean Foreign Ministry’s Institute for American Studies, Lee Yong Pil, told NBC News Pyongyang will absolutely strike first if Pyongyang perceives it necessary, saying,

“The U.S. has nuclear weapons off our coast, targeting our country, our capital and our dear leader, Kim Jong Un. We will not step back as long as there’s a nuclear threat to us from the United States.”

South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se, saying its allies would employ “all tools in the toolkit” for defense, asserted,

“What is most important is to continuously demonstrate our capability and deterrence with our commitment and actions so that Pyongyang can feel the panic under their skins.”

North Korea might be known for blustery rhetoric it refuses to back with significant action — but continued provocation by the United States might elicit a response far more detrimental than words.

* * *

Considering the depth and breadth of these entanglements — not to mention a number of equally grave concerns omitted for brevity — it would be wise not to dismiss the methodological march toward world war simply for the infinitesimally minor chance it could take a disastrous nuclear turn.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88067,"Kimberly Paxton

April 11th, 2014

The Daily Sheeple

Update: Word on the street from sources close to the militia movement is that up to 5,000 armed militia members will be arriving in Bunkerville, Nevada sometime today. (See full report below)

SHTFplan.com Editor’s Note: It is apparent that the Federal government was under the impression that they could simply move into the ranch land surrounding Bunkerville, NV and have their way with the property and livelihood of the Bundy family. What they didn’t count on was the outcry from Americans across the country. And now things may be headed to the next level. As Kim Paxton of The Daily Sheeple notes, citizen militias in several states have been called up. Many members of those organizations are taking up arms and are making their way to Nevada.

And it’s not just the citizen militias that are preparing to take action. The governor of Nevada has officially condemned the federal government’s actions, though he has yet to take any steps afforded to him under State law. Sheriff Richard Mack of Gilbert, Arizona has weighed in and calls the actions “terrorism.”

At last count there were some 200 federal agents from various agencies on the ground in Nevada and it appears that hundreds, perhaps thousands, of armed militia members will soon arrive to confront them.

The Federal government will no doubt step up their efforts, as they are facing the possibility of a widespread rebellion resulting from their actions against a private citizen whose only “crime” was to graze his cattle on the land his family has used for this purpose for over a century. It would not be at all surprising to see the President of the United States call up National Guard troops and more militarized law enforcement officials for fear of having this spiral out of control. A declaration of martial law to go along with already established First Amendment Areas is not out of the question.

Advertisment

We may well be on the cusp of a serious stand-off involving thousands of people. Keep in mind that most of them will be armed.

Given the circumstances, things could turn very bloody very quickly.

Militias Are On Route: Is the 2nd American Revolution Starting in Bunkerville, Nevada?

By Kim Paxton via The Daily Sheeple

An area just outside of the little town of Bunkerville, Nevada, with a population of around a thousand people, may go down in history. This little spot in the desert may be compared with Lexington, Massachusetts, the site of the “shot heard round the world” – the first shot fired in the American Revolution. Because it looks like the second American Revolution may start there…and soon.

Yesterday, The Daily Sheeple reported that tensions were running high outside of Bunkerville. It seems that the US government, in all of their infinite wisdom, has declared war on a cattle rancher named Cliven Bundy.

In a stand-off that has been likened to Ruby Ridge and Waco, the federal government has now deployed armed agents in a case of what the U.S. Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Land Management (BLM) has deemed “trespass cattle,” escalating a 20-year battle over grazing rights and what actually constitutes “public land” use in Southern Nevada. Cliven Bundy, a 67-year-old rancher says his family has worked the 600,000-acre Gold Butte area since the late 1800s and that they were there well before the government’s Land Management Bureau ever came along. (source)

Armed federal officers have arrived to steal Bundy’s cattle and close down the land he is using. What’s more, they have declared a zone around the area to be free of the restrictions of the Constitution, specifically, the First Amendment right to assemble and speak freely. They’d like to keep their reprehensible actions quiet and out of the public eye. It’s really difficult to mow down a bunch of protesters ala Waco with the whole world watching.

Yesterday, tensions began to rise even further and numerous protestors were tazed and assaulted. (You can see the actions of those brave BLM officers on this video HERE).

It looks like tensions will rise even further because Americans have had enough.

Militias have been mobilised. It’s going to get real.

Bundy may be facing down a bunch of armed federal thugs but he’s going to be backed up by militia members from across the country.

This is the day that Patriots have been talking about and training for. They will not stand down.

CBS reports that militias from Texas, Montana, Utah, New Hampshire, and Florida will be standing with Bundy against the Bureau of Land Management.

If you aren’t a combatant, this doesn’t mean that you can’t participate in this revolt against tyranny. This is a call to action.

Here are the pertinent email addresses and phone numbers:

Bureau Of Land Management Phone Number: (202) 208-3801

Brian Sandoval Email Contact Form- http://gov.nv.gov/Contact/Governor/

Brian Sandoval – Carson City Phone # – (775) 684-5670

Brian Sandoval Las Vegas Phone # -(702) 486-2500

Senator Dean Heller Contact Form – http://www.heller.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/contact-form

Phone #’s For Heller – Reno: 775-686-5770/ Las Vegas: 702-388-6605/ Washington: 202-224-6244

Sheriff Douglas Gillespi – (702) 828-3231 or (702) – 828 – 3111

Email: [email protected] (source)

Share information in support of these people who refuse to stand idly by while theft, violence, and tyranny occurs at the hands of the government. If we all spread the word, there is no way that another Ruby Ridge or Waco can quietly occur. We can combat the disinformation spouted by the mainstream media by publishing REAL photos, REAL videos, and REAL accounts of what is happening. We can keep the communication open and tell the world what the United States government is doing to its own people.

Share this and other stories through email, through social media, through links in the comments sections of mainstream news sites. Whatever you do, don’t wait for someone else to take action. Now is the time to speak up for liberty. Make this story too viral for the mainstream to ignore. Do not allow these brave people staring down the barrel of a gun to do so without our support.

The Bureau of Land Management has picked up a snake by the tail, and it looks like that snake is going to bite.

Delivered by The Daily Sheeple",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95549,"Great Falls, MT — Sunday night, a family sat down to watch the mid-season premiere of the show “The Walking Dead,” and nearly ended up getting raided by dozens of police officers because their neighbors thought that they heard something suspicious. What they actually heard was the nearby family listening to the show at a high volume, but the neighbors alleged that they heard screaming, and talks of someone “having a gun.”

Without checking out the situation for themselves to see if anything truly suspicious was going on, the nosy neighbors instantly called the police, who showed up quickly and in large numbers.

Advertisment

Sgt. Brian McGraw told WFAA that, “We had a whole bunch of guys on that one.”

As police began to surround the house, they looked through the window and noticed a family sitting peacefully in their living room and watching The Walking Dead.

It was reported by UPI that police did approach the house with their weapons drawn.

Luckily, the police were able to see what was going on while they were outside, or else the situation could have ended up very badly.

In situations like this, police will often storm into a residence, where they will shoot at anything that moves and ask questions later. This is why calling the police at the slightest hint of something suspicious happening is extremely irresponsible and dangerous.

The family was not able to make a statement about the incident since there was no report filed, and there were no other witnesses nearby to document how the search was conducted.

While the family was able to end their night safely, this should still serve as a reminder that calling the police has serious consequences.

The location of the incident and the names of those involved were not released by police. It was also not revealed whether or not the police attempted to conduct a search of the home.

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38371,"Statistics show that 1 in 4 women in the US is a victim of domestic violence, those numbers jump to 1 in 2 if they are married to a cop.

May 7, 2014

Law Enforcement officers beat their significant other at nearly double the national average. Several studies, according to Diane Wetendorf, author of Police Domestic Violence: Handbook for Victims, indicate that women suffer domestic abuse in at least 40 percent of police officer families. For American women overall, the figure is 25 percent, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

According to The Advocates for Human Rights Organization, studies indicate that police families are 2-4 times more likely than the general population to experience domestic violence, making the potential for disparities in protective success particularly troubling.

Historian John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton, has a famous quote, Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely. This rings true through all levels of government ‘power,’ however it is particular prevalent among police officers.

Sociopaths are attracted to positions in which they are able to assert authority over others, so it should come as no surprise that there are higher concentrations of sociopaths within law enforcement.

The trouble with spousal abuse lies in the very nature of police work. The authority and control in the wrong hands, will be misused, according to domestic violence counselors.

Advertisment

What makes police domestic violence more difficult to deal with is the fact that women feel scared to report it. Even advocates for battered women are reluctant to dive into domestic violence cases involving police for fear of alienating the agencies they rely upon for help in other abuse cases, according to a report by SFGate.

When other women report their abuse, they do so to law enforcement officers. Think about it from the position of the one being abused by a law enforcement officer. The one doing the beating is simultaneously holding a position in which they are tasked with preventing that very abuse!

“There are a lot of good cops who go into the work for the right reasons, to help people. But then you have these others who are more interested in the authority, in the badge and the gun.”

Diane Wetendorf told SFGate in an interview,

“The biggest problem for a woman reporting that she’s been abused by her police officer husband or boyfriend is that nobody believes you.” “There are a lot of good cops who go into the work for the right reasons, to help people. But then you have these others who are more interested in the authority, in the badge and the gun.” “They start out with command presence and voice to gain and maintain control, and if that doesn’t work, they go up the scale with an increasing amount of force until they get compliance,” Wetendorf said. “Unfortunately, these guys use the same technique with their wives and girlfriends. And some of them go from 0 to 60 right away.”

These women not only fear retaliation, but also have apprehension about their husbands losing their jobs, thus stifling their own economic future.

If they do report it they often run into skepticism from the same law enforcement system they are complaining to.

“A big part of police culture is the code of silence, the prosecutors depend on police for their cases, the police depend on each other – it’s a very insulated system,” says Wetendorf. Cops will all too often look the other way when it is “one of their own” facing accusations.

An example of this tendency to cover up domestic police abuse can be seen in the case of Jeremy Yachik. This monster beat and tortured his daughter for years. His girlfriend even filmed the abuse with her cellphone and brought the footage to the police department that Yachik worked for.

After showing the video to Glen Johnson, the Police Chief , they failed to respond and she was forced to find another venue to expose this abuse.

Also a study conducted by the Domestic Violence Task Force called Domestic Violence in the Los Angeles Police Department: How Well Does the Los Angeles Police Department Police Its Own? revealed that performance evaluations of cops with history of domestic violence are largely unaffected.The study of the Los Angeles Police Department further examined the 91 cases in which an allegation of domestic violence was sustained against an officer. Over three-fourths of the time, this sustained allegation was not mentioned in the officer’s performance evaluation.

Twenty-six of these officers (29%) were promoted, including six who were promoted within two years of the incident. READ MORE: Cop Runs Down Suspect with Truck, Beats & Tasers him in the Head, Dept Says it was an Accident The report concluded that “employees with sustained allegations were neither barred from moving to desired positions nor transferred out of assignments that were inconsistent with the sustained allegation”

Wetendorf points out the most common fears when reporting police domestic abuse in her handbook:

If your abuser is an officer of the law, you may be afraid to:

Call the police — He is the police.

Go to a shelter — He knows where the shelters are located.

Have him arrested — Responding officers may invoke the code of silence.

Take him to court — It’s your word against that of an officer, and he knows the system.

Drop the charges — You could lose any future credibility and protection.

Seek a conviction — He will probably lose his job and retaliate against you.

These fears can make someone feel incredibly trapped and feel like there is no way out.

If you or someone you know is a victim of this type of abuse we encourage you to no longer remain silent. As long as people go unpunished for their abuse, they will continue their abuse.

Film it, record it, expose it in any manner you can. Tell us your story and we will expose these abusive jackboots for the cowards they are.

Sources:

1 Johnson, L.B. (1991). On the front lines: Police stress and family well-being. Hearing before the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families House of Representatives: 102 Congress First Session May 20 (p. 32-48). Washington DC: US Government Printing Office.

2 Neidig, P.H., Russell, H.E. & Seng, A.F. (1992). Interspousal aggression in law enforcement families: A preliminary investigation. Police Studies, Vol. 15 (1), p. 30-38.

3 P.H. Neidig, A.F. Seng, and H.E. Russell, “Interspousal Aggression in Law Enforcement Personnel Attending the FOP Biennial Conference,” National FOP Journal. Fall/Winter 1992, 25-28.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103203,"Las Vegas, Nevada – A man was recently pulled over by police and cited for “using an illegal hand signal” because he flipped off a cop who almost caused a car accident. The Free Thought Project has obtained an interview with the driver, Kris Luce who captured much of the stop on video.

According to Luce, as he was driving down the highway in heavy traffic, he found himself surrounded by several police officers on motorcycles who came dangerously close to his vehicle and almost made him crash into them.

“I was driving my truck down the highway in very heavy traffic. I was in the far left lane and started passing couple bike cops that were in the middle lane. As I passed them they split lanes, one to my right and one went behind my truck to my left in the emergency lane. They both then jumped back into my lane in front of me. There was very little room and the car in front them was on their brakes, they hit their brakes and I hit mine,” Luce explained to the Free Thought Project.

Luce continued, “I almost ran into them since they jumped in front of me. First I was stressed cause I thought if I hit them my life’s over even though they jumped in front me without even a car length available. Then I got mad and flipped them off. One cop exited the highway and the other saw me giving them the bird and pulled me over. He detained me and cited me, I had just expired insurance card so I got a ticket for that and one for illegal hand signal.”

Advertisment

Luce was able to provide proof of insurance at a later date, so he was able to get that charge dismissed, but he is still facing hundreds of dollars in fines for the “illegal hand signal.”

He also said that the officer could not initially tell him why he was being detained or what he was being charged with.

“When I asked why I was being detained he couldn’t tell me the real charge cause he didn’t know all the best codes and had to look it up,” Luce said.

In the video, Luce does not hold back his frustration with the officer, who could have gotten one of them killed with his recklessness.

The officer shifted the blame and attempted to say that Luce using his hands to make a “signal” out of his window was a danger to other drivers.

Knowing that he was on camera, the officer refused to admit to his erratic driving, but he did claim that he had the right to switch lanes illegally without his emergency lights on.

Luce also said that the officer’s demeanor changed entirely when he knew he was on camera, and that off-camera, he actually apologized for slamming on his brakes.

“After the video he did apologize about slamming on his breaks,” Luce said.

“His demeanor in that video is very different from the beginning of stop. I thought I recorded the beginning but when he was back writing the tickets I saw that it didn’t record. He also calmed down a lot when he saw I am well versed on my rights,” he added.

After the video cuts off, Luce explained to the officer that he also rides street bikes. Luce is quite familiar with these officers as he had been intentionally run over by a car while on his bike two years ago and was railroaded by the LAs Vegas PD. After the accident, Luce was injured badly and also received multiple charges.

After Luce got out of the hospital, he attempted to show the officers video evidence, taken from a friend’s go pro camera that proved he was not at fault, but they ignored it.

However, that did not deter Luce, who took the footage to KSNV News, who in turn brought the tickets to the police station and had them all dropped.

Now, Luce is being run through the gamut again for committing no crime. However, he has since hired an attorney and awaiting his day in court.

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103565,"Juan Sebastián Marroquín, born Juan Pablo Escobar Henao — as in, son of one of the most notorious drug kingpins, ever — has an answer to the drug war the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency likely won’t heed.

Even though myriad studies and voluminous research demand it should.

To end the nefarious, politically-motivated, and inordinately pernicious War on Drugs, legalize.

In fact, legalize all currently-illicit substances.

Answering questions from El Mundo in a recent interview — of many, pertaining to his new autobiographical book, “Pablo Escobar In Fraganti” — Marroquín provided the answer nations like Portugal found most effective in quashing the long-troubled drug war.

‘Is ending the war on drugs possible someday?’ El Mundo’s Hugo Sáenz asked.

Advertisment

‘The day [drugs] are legalized and regulated,’ Marroquín replied.

Asked whether Marroquín, himself, would be in favor of — assumedly — blanket legalization, the drug lord’s son offered a somewhat surprising, yet reasoned, response.

‘I am in favor of regulation,’ Marroquín explained, because ‘for me, drugs are already legal. They can reach any location, unimpeded.’

Comparing two calls made at the same time — one for home pizza delivery versus calling a dealer for drugs — the drugs would arrive before the pizza, he noted.

A popular misperception about legalization — perpetuated primarily by well-funded and cunning drug war propaganda — falsely claims legalization would birth countless social and health issues, increase exponentially the rate of addiction, and doom youth to desperate lives of dependence.

Marroquín, however, does not abide that theory — nor does data from Portugal — thus far, the longest-running decriminalization petri dish on the planet.

Indeed, Pablo Escobar’s son seems to have either derived his opinion from the indisputable failures of the drug war, itself, or from his unmistakably street-wizened father — who would have known the health of his multi-billion-dollar empire hinged on the basic premise of drugs’ illegality.

Sáenz queried the junior Escobar on whether legalization and regulation would lead to increased health spending, violence, death, and communicable diseases, Marroquín astutely pointed out,

‘On the contrary, the status of being illegal — (obtainable only through the black market) — means drug quality is worse.’

Without the standardization of quality, as would come from regulatory controls, drugs are more likely to contain undesirable additives, be of widely varying strengths, or stray from purity so far as to be either untenable or outright dangerous.

Cocaine, he continued, would be far likelier to contain high percentages of things like ground glass — additives which not only do not add to quality of product, but which detract detrimentally from a user’s health.

‘They are worse,’ Marroquín asserted, ‘because they are prohibited.’

Further, he observed keenly, anti-drug propaganda is the most reliable guarantor people will seek out and use illicit substances.

About the cable show, Narcos, the younger Escobar opined, ‘I wrote a chapter [in the new book] devoted to the series because there has been a glorification of my father’s criminal activity, and an addition of glamor to a story that has none of that.’

Producers of such series confuse younger generations into wanting to become the next Pablo Escobar — even inciting them to violence — as the influence of media in glamorizing the high-level drug trade shades the bloody and brutal reality.

Sáenz also touched on a previously discussed and hotly contentious revelation from Marroquín’s book — that his “father worked for the CIA selling cocaine to finance the fight against Communism in Central America.”

Marroquín reiterates Escobar worked for both the CIA and DEA while in the height of power, though points out that relationship with U.S. agencies has not yet been explicitly proven — and, for him, the book and his father’s statements on the topic are as deep an investigation he plans to perform.

Not that Marroquín would discourage dogged investigations by people independent of any government — in fact, he asserted, the prospect of proving collusion or complicity by the world’s two largest agencies should constitute a tantalizing prospect.

In the meantime, Marroquín has taken personal accountability for his father’s violent crimes — meeting with around one hundred different families, for which he claims a 100 percent success rate.

Gilded though the image of the outlaw, Pablo Escobar, has become, his son has — for all intents and purposes — done his best to abate positive press where none should exist.

And that includes advocating the best possible end to the political establishment’s War on Drugs — whether it be legalization, decriminalization, regulation, or an agreeable hybrid — to save lives and end the reign of terror drugs’ illegality continues to provide as a gift to the drug lords and cartels so personally familiar to Escobar’s son.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87940,"“We look to officers to serve and protect us, not put us in uncomfortable situations and abusing their power to make us do things that we really don’t want to do.”

May 29, 2014

Thomas Tewell exhibits certain vulgar traits that manifest themselves into holding ‘power’ over women to try and get a date and sending unsolicited “sexually explicit” photos of himself to women.

The thing about Thomas Tewell however, is that he has a job in which he is supposed to uphold the law; not break it to play out his sexual fantasies. He is a police officer.

Advertisment

In April of this year, Tewell was charged with breaking several administrative rules.

According to Fox 8 News in Cleveland, a 24-year-old woman told them that last November that she met officer Tewell when she was involved in a traffic accident.

“At first, he was making sure that I was ok, and then it kind of turned into flirting,” she said.

Tewel and another officer gave her a ride back to the department so she could get a friend to pick her up.

“I was sitting in the waiting area and he came inside and gave me a citation, and I was like ‘why are you giving this to me now?’ and I didn’t realize until after the fact that it was probably just so he could get my personal information,” she explained.

“Literally the next day is when he added me as a friend and started sending me inappropriate messages, like we should go out sometime. I felt like he was just abusing his powers as a police officer by making me feel like I had to go out with him if I didn’t want this on my record,” the woman said.

The charging documents also reveal that June 30 of last year, Tewell “posted or transmitted a sexually explicit photograph to a female.”

It says he was “advised by a female to leave her alone after she received an unsolicited sexually explicit photograph from you.”

Investigators said he contacted that woman again twice in September.

“We don’t condone his behavior. We don’t want this kind of behavior from our police officers and we’re hoping that he learned his lesson,” said Jeff Follmer, president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association.

Tewell was given a 25 day suspension without pay but will remain a cop after that is served.

“Honestly, I don’t think that that’s enough. I don’t think that he should be a police officer anymore,” said the woman who wished to remain anonymous.

What do you think? Do you think that this punishment is enough and that Tewell should be put back in a position where he can abuse his authority again to bend women to his will?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103777,"For roughly the last decade and a half, the NSA has been caught in lie after unscrupulous lie. Every time they are caught spying on Americans, the secret agency first denies it — then justifies it. The NSA has now been caught again. And, again, they denied it and are now justifying it.

This time, their unscrupulous spying involves a shadow “social network” that combs data from all social networks and your online data to create a graph of everyone and everyone they know. If you’re wondering where your invite to join this shadow network came from, you never got it. However, you’ve already joined.

NSA even has a website for this network on which they gladly display all the information they collect. It’s called GETPRSM and it’s scary. While it looks like an Orwellian satire gone wrong, the site is very real and the NSA has no problem admitting it.

While they originally claimed this information was only being collected on foreigners, a shift in their policy showed that this was not the case.

Advertisment

According to a scathing report in the NY Times, the NSA no longer cares if the data they collect is foreign as they no longer check for these constraints.

The spy agency began allowing the analysis of phone call and e-mail logs in November 2010 to examine Americans’ networks of associations for foreign intelligence purposes after N.S.A. officials lifted restrictions on the practice, according to documents provided by Edward J. Snowden, the former N.S.A. contractor. The policy shift was intended to help the agency “discover and track” connections between intelligence targets overseas and people in the United States, according to an N.S.A. memorandum from January 2011. The agency was authorized to conduct of every “large-scale graph analysis on very large sets of communications metadata without having to check foreignness” e-mail address, phone number or other identifier, the document said. Because of concerns about infringing on the privacy of American citizens, the computer analysis of such data had previously been permitted only for foreigners. The agency can augment the communications data with material from public, commercial and other sources, including bank codes, insurance information, Facebook profiles, passenger manifests, voter registration rolls and GPS location information, as well as property records and unspecified tax data, according to the documents. They do not indicate any restrictions on the use of such “enrichment” data, and several former senior Obama administration officials said the agency drew on it for both Americans and foreigners.

All this data of both foreigners and American citizens is then entered into a graph as seen below.

As Techdirt explains, if all of this sounds familiar, it’s almost exactly what the feds tried to setup in 2002 with the Orwellian name Total Information Awareness. Except that time (right after 9/11, when you’d think the public would be at its most receptive to such programs), as word got out about the program, the public rightly flipped out, and we were told the program was shuttered. Except, as some have been arguing for years, it was never shuttered, it was just rebuilt in secret.

Again, after they first denied it, they are now justifying it.

An agency spokeswoman, asked about the analyses of Americans’ data, said, “All data queries must include a foreign intelligence justification, period.” “All of N.S.A.’s work has a foreign intelligence purpose,” the spokeswoman added. “Our activities are centered on counterterrorism, counterproliferation and cybersecurity.”

Notice how the spokeswoman did not deny the warrantless spying on Americans. She simply noted that all spying has to have ‘foreign intelligence justification.’ With the recent attacks inside the US, this ‘foreign intelligence justification’ can easily be abused domestically — because ISIS.

As Techdirt explains, that’s no limitation at all. In fact, such a rule is meaningless. We already know that the NSA gets every telephone record handed over because they claim it’s “necessary” to “connect the dots” on foreign terror plots. And, similarly, now they’re arguing that they can look at anything else so long as they claim that there’s a “foreign intelligence justification.” That means they have no limits. They just have to come up with some wacky reason to claim that so-and-so might have foreign connections that are important to know about, and voila, their life is open for the NSA to dig in, all without any oversight or a warrant.

Prior to 9/11, when I was an intelligence operator reporting to NSA, if we intercepted friendly chatter, ie Americans, we were to scroll on immediately. If we were caught listening to that chatter, we faced a prison sentence under United States Signals Intelligence Directives. An act that was once illegal — has now ominously become the norm.

Feel safe yet?

As the war on terror continues, so does the erosion of our rights and privacy. As the old adage goes, those who would trade their freedom for security will get neither — and as the warrantless state spying machine grows unchecked, Americans are quickly fulfilling that prophecy and finding themselves without freedom or security.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95412,"As The Trump administration is flexing its military muscle, having stood up to Syria and its ally Russia, and while it’s now relishing in the news it has dropped the nation’s largest most-powerful non-nuclear bomb on a cave complex in Eastern Afghanistan, one critic was quick to point out one little-known fact. Wikileaks tweeted a simple but true statement concerning the origin of the cave complex the Americans are so proud to have reportedly destroyed. “Those tunnels the U.S is bombing in Afghanistan? They were built by the CIA,” Wikileaks tweeted.

Those tunnels the U.S is bombing in Afghanistan? They were built by the CIA https://t.co/u66ScoiNpX (via @GabiElenaDohm) pic.twitter.com/mAaUrQ0yLk — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 14, 2017

Linked to the tweet was a New York Times article from 2005, which described a similar cave complex in detail, and added a few additional details worth noting. “Tora Bora” as it’s known, contains “fortified caves” which are reported to contain, “miles of tunnels, bunkers and base camps, dug deeply into the steep rock walls.” The tunnels were built by the “C.I.A.”, with the help of the Bin Laden family, who constructed the complex.

Advertisment

Also jumping in on the mockery of the Trump administration is Edward Snowden, who tweeted, “The bomb dropped today in the middle of nowhere, Afghanistan, cost $$314,000,000.” And in a follow up tweet, also said, “Those mujahedeen tunnel networks we’re bombing in Afghanistan? We paid for them.” He, too, linked his tweet to The NY Times article mentioned above. Apparently, the ant farm network of tunnels built by the CIA can now be destroyed by the American military in yet another pseudo-show-of-force meant to make the Trump administration seem tough on Syria, ISIS, and Al Quaeda.

It was said Bin Laden even helped to run the bulldozers at Tora Bora and knew the labyrinth of tunnels like the proverbial back of his hand. Financed by the intelligence agency to provide a headquarters and safe haven for the Mujahedeen, the Afghani fighting force was used to prevent the Russian takeover of Afghanistan during the Afghan War. After the Russians were defeated, the same Mujahedeen became known as Al-Qaeda, led by Osama Bin Laden.

After the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center, Bin Laden became the United States’ most wanted man. Not surprisingly, he took up refuge inside Tora Bora, within its miles and miles of complex, well-fortified tunnels. Times writer Mary Anne Weaver “asked Masood Farivar, a former Khalis officer who had fought in Tora Bora during the jihad, to tell me why the caves were so important. ‘They’re rugged, formidable and isolated,” he said.

“If you know them, you can come and go with ease. But if you don’t, they’re a labyrinth that you can’t penetrate. They rise in some places to 14,000 feet, and for 10 years the Soviets pummeled them with everything they had, but to absolutely no avail. Another reason they’re so important is their proximity to the border and to Pakistan.'”

One American military leader tasked with capturing or killing Bin Laden was General “Mad Dog” Maddox. Maddox is now the Trump Administration’s Secretary of Defense, and appears to have attempted to destroy at least a portion of Tora Bora’s system of tunnels with the drop of the MOAB bomb, known as the “Mother Of All Bombs.”

The aging general who’s now the nation’s most powerful military leader, with the exception of Trump as Commander-in-Chief, appears to be following through with a sixteen year old vendetta he may have been holding onto. The Times article from 2005 writes, “Brig. Gen. James N. Mattis…along with another officer with whom I spoke, was convinced that…he could have surrounded and sealed off bin Laden’s lair…He argued strongly that he should be permitted to proceed to the Tora Bora caves.”

However, according to Weaver, “The general was turned down,” and the decision not to take Bin Laden there at Tora Bora was one of the greatest military mistakes of the Bush Administration’s attempt to get him. Bin Laden escaped Tora Bora on December 16th, 2001.

It is also important to note that Wikileaks’ tweet may or may not be 100 percent accurate. CNN reported the MOAB bomb was dropped on a tunnel complex about 12 miles from Tora Bora. However, those tunnels likely all connected. CBS reported the airstrike destroyed several caves used by ISIS with it’s 11-ton ordinance. The news agency also interviewed a military expert who said the U.S. has at least 14 more MOAB missiles and may be prepared to lay waste to all such cave systems.

Meanwhile, on Thursday, the director of the CIA, Mike Pompeo, targeted Wikileaks as a “non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia.”. The recently appointed director has apparently had enough of Wikileaks’ activities, such as the March release of the CIA’s Vault 7.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89919,"RT.com

Florida Highway Patrol trooper Donna Jane Watts was just doing her job when she pulled over a Miami police officer for topping speeds of 120 mph, but the fallout has been anything but routine: She’s now suing her colleagues for harassment.

According to the Florida-based Sun-Sentinel, Watts has filed a lawsuit against more than 100 police officers and agencies for illegally accessing her personal information and creating a “life-threatening situation.”

Watts claims the harassment by law enforcement began after she pulled over Miami cop FaUsto Lopez in October 2011 for speeding in his patrol car. Traveling well over 100 mph, Lopez was reportedly weaving in and out of lanes so fast it took Watts seven minutes to pull him over even with her lights flashing and sirens blaring.

An image grab taken from a video uploaded on YouTube on February 11, 2014 by [email protected] news143

Advertisment

When Lopez finally pulled aside, Watts made her way to the police vehicle with her gun drawn, handcuffed the Miami officer, and took his weapon.

Lopez was eventually fired for his behavior, but that was just the beginning of the story for Watts. She began receiving phone calls from unknown phone numbers – some of which were prank calls, while others contained threats. The lawsuit alleges that orders for pizza were made in her name without her knowledge, and that multiple police vehicles would linger in front of her house or on her street.

The lawsuit states the situation became so dire that Watts “started to experience physical symptoms to include dry heaves and nausea when performing basic activities such as opening her mailbox, starting her ignition, or when being followed by a law enforcement vehicle for no apparent reason.”

An image grab taken from a video uploaded on YouTube on February 11, 2014 by [email protected] news143

After filing a public records request with the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, Watts discovered that her personal information was accessed by at least 88 officers from 25 different jurisdictions over a three-month span. Her profile was viewed more than 200 times total – a number that attorney Mirta Desir claims violates the Driver Privacy Protection Act. Under that law, improperly accessing an individuals profile results in a $$2,500 fine per violation.

“This is an invasion of privacy,” Desir, who is representing Watts, told the Sun-Sentinel. “Law enforcement does have access to information most residents don’t and with that level of access there should come a certain amount of care. … This is something that is not supposed to be done.”

The various officials and law enforcement agencies have declined to comment on the matter, but they have asked the judge involved to throw out the lawsuit. According to the Associated Press, they believe Congress can only impose a penalty on police officers for selling personal data, not simply for viewing it.

The Department of Justice, however, disagrees, and has filed its own argument stating that multiple courts have upheld Congress’ right to monitor the issue regardless of whether information is sold or not.

“There is value in drivers’ information and a market for it,” Justice Department lawyers said to the AP. “What the defendants fail to recognize is that there is value in drivers’ information whether or not it is actually sold.”

Already, some police agencies have settled the lawsuit with Watts, acknowledging that their employees had broken the law. The city of Margate agreed to pay Watts $$10,000 for the incident.

Even so, groups like the National Association of Police Agencies are now looking to change the law itself and remove the $$2,500 penalty except for cases in which officers pursue opportunities to make money off personal data.

As for Watts herself, she’s still employed by the FHP, but has been relocated to another county.

Reprinted with permission from RT.com",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89035,"(RT) — At least four students have been tased by police officers just over a month into the school year, adding their cases to some worrisome statistics: Since 2011, nearly 100 US children have been tased by school-based officers.

An electroshock weapon was last used on a 15-year old student at Middleton High School in Wisconsin on September 22. The teenager reportedly spotted people he knew trying to enter the school during lunch time. He became agitated and got into a fight with the group, with whom he’d previously had problems. Police tried to break up the fight and at one point, one of the officers shocked the 15-year-old with a Taser. Weeks before that case, a school-based police officer tased two female students when deputies at a Florida high school tried to break up a fight. The brawl at Leesburg High School was was captured on video. It shows the officers trying to unsuccessfully separate the girls. One of the officers can then be seen pulling out a taser, because it was “the safest way” to stop the fight, the sheriff’s office later said. Advertisment

One girl was taken to Leesburg Regional Medical Center because a stun gun probe became caught in her bra under her arm and could not be removed by officers.

Mere days before that, a Taser was used on a North Carolina student on August, 29, who was reportedly blocking a door at E.E. Smith High School in Fayetteville. A school resource officer tased the 18-year old student after trying to arrest him.

These four most recent cases add to the 84 times since 2011 that schoolchildren have been struck by electroshock weapons, sometimes resulting in bad injuries, according to an investigation by the Huffington Post.

READ MORE: Shocking Video Shows How a Schoolyard Quarrel is Dealt with in a Police State

One of the examples of devastating physical harm a Taser can cause was Texas high school student Noe Nino de Rivera. He was stunned at school after trying to break up a fight, fell to the ground and hit his head. He spent nearly two months in a medically induced coma.

“The children, who were all hit by a Taser or stun gun by school-based police officers, also called school resource officers, were 12 to 19 years old when the incidents occurred,” according to the “Set to stun”report by the Huffington Post and the Hechinger Report, released in August.

As the report notes, the number of cases they managed to track down is still largely underestimated, since because not every incident is reported, and no state or federal organization keeps track of the problem.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88259,"Lafayette, LA — Jillian Johnson 33, and Mayci Breaux, 21 had their lives stolen from them by an insane and vile maniac who shot up a movie theater Thursday night.

While I usually avoid writing in first person on the Free Thought Project, for the purpose of this story, I will have to, as it is a personal one.

It was in 2005 that the young and vibrant Jillian Johnson walked into our Downtown T-shirt shop with aspirations on high. Her talent was limitless, her artistic ability, unprecedented.

Jillian was going places, and she knew it.

Over the next ten years, we would become friends. She would team up with my then business partner to create the largest local clothing line in the area. Four stores and three cities later, Jillian was an active member of the community and loved by all.

All that would come to a grinding halt on Thursday, when a man, whose name doesn’t deserve to be typed out, would walk into a movie theater three miles from my home and begin shooting random people. Nine were injured, one still critical, and two of Lafayette’s most promising young women were killed.

The parish of Lafayette is small, only around 230,000 people. But our community has a lot of heart; so much so, that Lafayette was rated the Number 1 overall city in America in which to live.

Advertisment

This shooting has affected everyone in town, yet no one is taking to social media to speculate on this tragedy to push their agenda. No one is blaming the shooting on anyone except the evil man who pulled the trigger, and rightfully so, as no one else pulled that trigger for him.

That being said, after taking a brief scroll through Reddit, the people of Lafayette, and their reluctance to blame someone besides the shooter, seem to be an anomaly.

Immediately after this putrid man’s name was released, a feeding frenzy began. The blood was not mopped up, the theater is still closed, and the bodies still warm, yet the vultures began tearing them apart.

Of course, letting the public know that the shooter had a history of mental illness is certainly newsworthy, and people positively want to know about these things. However, that is not the issue here.

The first group of vultures to take their bite was the Westboro Baptist Church, who is likely salivating at the opportunity to promote their bigotry and rake in some cash by spewing their vitriol.

Warming up the picket signs for #lafayettetheater shooting victim funerals. God Sent the Shooter AGAIN! https://t.co/P0NkvGBIrJ — Westboro Baptist (@WBCSaysRepent) July 24, 2015

As we have pointed out in the past, their demented religious views are only half of the reason the Westboro Baptist Church conducts these controversial protests. The Free Thought Project’s John Vibes, exposed in his June report,

The Westboro Baptist Church actually loves to get attacked by counter-protesters, and they also love it when towns attempt to block them from protesting. That is because the Westboro Baptist Church is a business, that is designed to provoke people into doing things that can get them sued. They may or may not believe the hateful rhetoric that they promote. However, their true motivation is a financial one that has nothing to do with their alleged religious beliefs.

But these nutcases weren’t the only vultures on the scene. The wonderful and caring folks from the Southern Poverty Law Center swooped in to feed as well. This morning the SPLC began tweeting that the shooter had ties to “Anti-government conspiracies” and that he was a racist.

BREAKING: Lafayette Theater Shooter Fan of Hitler, Neo-Nazis, and Antigovernment Conspiracies http://t.co/5KRHzM6dmu #LafayetteShooting — SPLC (@splcenter) July 24, 2015

Perhaps this speculation would have been warranted had this sicko attacked black people and/or government. However, he did not. He attacked completely random and innocent people who were not affiliated with the state and who happened to be white.

Next up was the mainstream media, who seemingly couldn’t wait to stoke divide by demonizing entire populations through their attempts to link the shooter to certain groups, who are less than enthusiastic about the establishment.

It was reported that this vile inhuman piece of filth was a member of the Tea Party Nation, as if all people in the tea party are neo-nazi lunatic gunman.

Unfortunately, these guilt by association tactics are what often lead to evil idiots being duped into carrying out murder against innocent people because they are perceived as the enemy for alleged connections with rival groups.

Ever hear of the Us vs. Them tactics of manipulation? Creating a bunch of “Thems” can be dangerous, no matter who the “Us’s” are.

During the feeding frenzy it was also reported that the gunman didn’t like Obama. Well, news flash — Myself and the millions of others who dislike the president aren’t going around killing innocent people.

As “Team us” was calling him an “Obama hater,” the other side of the two-party paradigm, “Team them,” was calling him an “Obama lover!” You really cannot make this stuff up. News Flash Number two — The millions of people who like the president don’t go around murdering innocent people!

Sadly, every time Americans experience a tragic shooting, whether it’s Charleston, Aurora, Sandy Hook, or mainstreet USA, there is an overwhelming response by supposed “objective” media and political groups alike, who use death and destruction to promote their agenda.

Now for the final news flash. If you have to use murder and violence to get others to accept your ideas, you may need to rethink your ideas.

The murderous villains in all of these cases have already used this death and destruction to make their point. And you’re going to do what? Ride their coat tails? You’re going to use their violence to promote your ideas, in turn immortalizing evil? Through this action, you are doing exactly what these psychopaths wanted. You are perpetuating the turmoil that these savage criminals sought out through the use of violence. For what?

It could take decades for psychologists to study these killers in an attempt to find reasons for their heinous crimes. Yet still, we may never know what goes on in someone’s head for them to be able to kill so many innocent people.

However, one thing is certain, and that is that blowhards attempting to demonize their political enemies through guilt by association, cannot and will not ever obtain that reason by jumping on these death bandwagons; neither will you and neither will I.

The bottom line is that an evil and obviously sick person killed innocent people and no amount of speculation about putting the blame on rap music, heavy metal, video games, violent tv, or political affiliation will change that fact. Anyone who attempts to garner support for their cause through associating their political opposition with an insane killer is acting within the same skewed reality of evil mass murderers and will be complicit in the horrid society that ensues.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104347,"‘Tis the season for cheer and giving. Charitable donations ramp up for the holiday season, with people using all sorts of avenues, from the Red Cross to feeding the homeless from their own pockets.

Some people, however, feel that it’s a great idea to have cops distribute their charity by prowling the roads and pulling over motorists. Across the country, avid police supporters with lots of money are initiating what amounts to bribery campaigns based on questionable means.

Naturally, cops are leaping at this opportunity to manufacture good feelings toward the police force. With trust in police declining as their brutality and murderous ways are exposed, any chance to manipulate emotions is welcome.

An anonymous donor in Monroe County, Georgia gave just over $$5,000 to the sheriff’s department, asking them to pull people over and hand out $$100 bills.

“‘I pulled you over because (of) your heads lights’ or little minor violation(s) and typically, what happens with that is you would most likely get a ticket. Today we’re out giving something different than tickets. We’d like to give you a donation toward your family to help you with whatever you need to do,” said Deputy Timothy Campfield.

Advertisment

Overcome with emotion, Angel Scott replied, “Can I hug you?”

It was all caught on camera so the deed could be aired on local media.

“You were telling me that work has been a little slow,” Campfield said to another motorist. “Instead of handing you a citation or writing you a ticket that’s gonna cost you money, I’d like to give you this donation. Take it with you for your family.”

“Are you sure?” replied William White. “I can’t accept that. You aren’t going to put your handcuffs on me are you.”

Similar instances of anonymous donors instructing cops to hand out $$100 bills have taken place in Houston, Kansas City, Toledo, and Eagan, MN. A local doctor in Pontiac, Michigan, bought and donated 300 hams and had the cops hand them out after pulling people over for minor infractions.



In other cities, churches and businesses collaborate with cops to pull people over and ask them what they want for Christmas. Another team listening to the transmissions at a nearby store will select a gift, wrap it and drive over the scene to hand out the gift.

Some cops are using their own money to buy gift cards and toys for people, which is admirable, but instead of handing them out randomly they are pulling people over for minor infractions.

“It’s that old saying: ‘It’s better to give than receive.’ I love to see the expression on people’s faces,” said Officer Edward Michela, who caught people rolling through stop signs and handed out gift cards.

“Bellevue rocks,” said Diane Simons of Bellevue, Michigan. “I am very blessed. I am very thankful. But did I run the stop sign?”

“Yes, you did,” said Michela. “Merry Christmas.”

The act of selfless giving is a noble deed, but the tactics used here must be questioned. The typical reaction is fear and nervousness when people see those lights flashing in their mirror. You never know if you will be the victim of unjust acts of violence from those sworn to “protect and serve.”

Pulling people over for minor infractions, which are sometimes just ignored by cops who don’t want to do the paperwork, gives them the opportunity to intrude on the privacy of an individual and perhaps catch them doing something else deemed illegal by the state.

What if a cop detects a faint whiff of marijuana on someone who smoked it a couple of hours ago, then uses that to illegally search the car and finds a bit of weed under the floor mat? Such a harmless thing could make an intended act of charity turn into a life-ruining episode.

Holiday giving should be encouraged. But a charitable act inevitably becomes tainted when the rights of an individual must be violated in order to distribute it.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
56718,"The latest survey on support for cannabis legalization found that a clear majority of Americans are in favor legalizing the plant that the federal government claims is among one of the deadliest drugs in the country.

According to a survey from Harvard-Harris Poll, 86 percent of Americans now support some form of cannabis legalization—with 49 percent of respondents saying it should be legalized for both recreational and medicinal use, and 37 percent saying it should be legalized for medicinal use only.

Heartening enough is that only 14 percent of Americans are stuck in the dark ages and want to keep it illegal, according to the poll.

The poll, which surveyed 2,051 registered voters online from July 19-24, found that only 14 percent of respondents said that they think cannabis should remain illegal. In contrast, 57 percent of respondents said legalizing cannabis would make society better, and 69 percent said it would not bother them if cannabis was legalized in their state.

Advertisment

In addition to the growing support for legalization, the survey also found that 72 percent of Americans support no jail time for individuals who are found possessing small amounts of cannabis—even if the plant is illegal.

Harvard-Harris Co-Director Mark Penn told The Hill that while the survey showed that voters are concerned about a rise in drug-related crimes, they appear to view cannabis as separate from other drugs that are currently illegal at the federal level.

“Voters point to drugs as the major source of crime and support tough sentences for drug dealers but view marijuana in a wholly different light,” Penn said. “Most think legalization of marijuana would probably be helpful in reducing crime and almost half support legalization.”

In fact, as the Free Thought Project has reported on multiple occasions, legal weed does reduce crime.

In the days following the survey, lawmakers ignored public opinion and adhered to the standard set by federal law, by blocking an amendment from the debate that sought to let Veterans Affairs hospitals prescribe cannabis to patients in need.

As The Free Thought Project has reported, “even though therapeutic cannabis is legal in 29 states, many veterans face significant hurdles to lawfully obtain it, and instead, end up on addictive and deadly opiates and other big pharma solutions.”

Attorney General Jeff Sessions has also ignored growing support for legalization, and he has instead pushed for the federal government punishing states that legalize cannabis. In a memo to the U.S. Attorney’s Offices and Department of Justice component heads, Sessions discussed the mission of President Trump’s Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety.

“Task Force subcommittees will also undertake a review of existing policies in the areas of charging, sentencing, and marijuana to ensure consistency with the Department’s overall strategy on reducing violent crime and with Administration goals and priorities,” Sessions wrote.

While cannabis is listed as a “Schedule I” drug in the United States—which means that it should have no medicinal value—it should be noted that the U.S. government actually holds the patent to cannabis as medicine, affirming its value.

The Free Thought Project has provided in-depth coverage of stories that show the true power of cannabis, such as a groundbreaking study published last month, which found that cannabis can stop HIV from becoming AIDS; a study that confirmed that the majority of cannabis users give up prescription opiate medications; and a study that confirmed that cannabis has a “significant” effect on killing cancer cells.

It is quite amazing and equally disheartening to see people advocate for kidnapping and caging individuals for possessing a plant that saves the lives of countless children, helps people recover from serious disease, and is far safer recreationally than alcohol. The good news, according to this survey, is that we only have a few people left to convince.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50384,"San Bernardino, CA — In an apparent attempt to give rise to their bottom line, the San Bernardino Police Department took to the streets dressed as panhandlers this week.

Four officers donned their cardboard signs and walked the street looking for vile criminal law breakers who’d dare to be inside a vehicle without their seat belts on.

Advertisment

According to the NY Daily News,

The four-hour operation led to 50 total vehicle stops, including 33 for cell phone violations, 15 seat belt violations and five cars impounded because the drivers were either unlicensed or driving on suspended licenses, police said. Officers Walton and Alvarez wore sunglasses and plainclothes and held cardboard signs — like those held by a panhandler asking for money — with a twist. “I am NOT homeless,” the officers wrote by hand on the cardboard. “SB police looking for seatbelt/cell phone violations.”

The SBPD claimed that their efforts were noble as they risked life and limb to stop rogue villains who’d dare threaten the very fabric of civilization by attempting a text message or a phone call while stopped in traffic; or forgetting to buckle up.

“During this detail, our undercover officers walked up to the windows of many vehicles unnoticed by the drivers that were either talking or texting on their cell phones,” police said in a statement on the sting. “Those calls and messages can wait until you arrive at your destination and are not worth risking the life of yourself or those around you while driving.”

Curiously, they failed to mention how exactly extorting money from people for victimless crimes such as not wearing their seatbelt contributes to the safety of the community. Probably because it doesn’t. Seat belt violations are merely a scam to allow officers to “lawfully” extort money from the citizenry so they can keep getting their scheduled promotions.

In fact, the enforcement of laws for victimless crimes, in reality, makes society less safe. In a recent study, it was revealed that locking people in cages for crimes in which there is no victim, almost guarantees that they will become a real criminal.

Sadly, most people attempt to rationalize the idea of police extorting money from them for victimless crimes such as seatbelt violations, window tint, etc. Police are just doing their job, they say, when they pull us over and give us a piece of paper demanding we pay them — or face death.

Death? Yes. Death.

Most people do not contemplate a “traffic citation” in its entirety. Most people will not realize that the only way the state can compel you to pay them for these supposed “violations” is to threaten you with violence. It is the threat of violence to which the state owes its very existence.

People do not pay these citations out of the kindness of their hearts; they pay them because if they didn’t they’d be locked in a cage. Despite people not explicitly saying that is why they pay them, subconsciously it is understood. Pay up, or lose your freedom. Resist losing your freedom, and you will be killed — for not wearing a seat belt.

But remember, these public servants who extort the masses through the enforcement of immoral laws designed solely for boosting revenue, do this to keep you safe. They do this to maintain order and keep us free. Sadly, many of these officers actually believe that kidnapping, caging, and killing you over a plant, or a seatbelt, makes society a better place — they even consider it to be heroic.

The good news is that more and more cops are seeing the tyrannical nature in which these laws are based and are calling it out.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88602,"The US Justice Department has been covertly gathering and storing hundreds of millions of records about American motorists for a national database, The Wall Street Journal reported. The database can track the movements of vehicles across the country.

RT.com



Government documents, as well as former and current government officials, confirmed to the Journalthat the license plate-tracking program was initially used by the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) to seize cars, money, and other assets associated with drug trafficking. Use of the database has grown, however, to include hunting for vehicles linked to other possible crimes, including kidnapping, killings, and rape.

Additionally, state and local law enforcement agencies are increasingly using it for a variety of investigations.

US officials have said in the past that the DEA used the license plate readers to track vehicles near the Mexican border in an effort to combat drug cartels, but said nothing previously about the DEA expanding the program “throughout the United States.”

Advertisment

A spokesperson for the Justice Department told the Journal that the program complies with federal law, suggesting there isn’t anything newsworthy about the revelation. “It is not new that the DEA uses the license-plat readers program to arrest criminals and stop the flow of drugs in areas of high trafficking intensity,” the spokesman said.

However, it isn’t clear if any court oversees the program or has approved the program’s operation.

[BREAKING] Senator Patrick Leahy voices #privacy concerns about national license plate database (WSJ article:) http://t.co/0Jq63C9QK1 — Sen. Patrick Leahy (@SenatorLeahy) January 26, 2015

Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) who is on the Senate Judiciary Committee, issued a tweet saying the use of the license plate readers “raises significant privacy concerns.”

The news is a the latest revelation about new ways in which the government and law enforcement are conducting surveillance on US residents, raising concerns over potential privacy violations. The Constitution protects citizens against “unreasonable search and seizure.”

Just last week, Sen. Leahy and Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, signed a joint letter to Attorney General Eric Holder complaining about privacy breaches in the wake of a USA Today story exposing the use of radar technology. The FBI, US Marshals Service, and dozens of law enforcement agencies are using the technology, which detects movement inside buildings.

In their letter, the lawmakers expressed concern over the lack of public discussion about the technology and the lack of information regarding what legal processes agencies are seeking before deploying the technologies. The senators also asked whether agencies are taking out warrants in order to deploy these new techniques.

“Privacy of the home is at the core of the Fourth Amendment,” the two wrote. “More than a decade ago, the US Supreme Court decided that the use without a warrant of thermal imaging equipment that could detect activity inside a home violated the Fourth Amendment.”

“Similarly, in 2013, the Court found a Fourth Amendment violation when police brought a drug-sniffing dog onto an individual’s front porch without a warrant. Unsurprisingly, the US Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit recently noted the ‘obvious’ and ‘grave’ Fourth Amendment concerns associated with the use of the radar technology that is the subject of this letter.”

Grassley and Leahy also wondered what other technology law enforcement is using that could have serous privacy implications.

Republished with permission from Russia Today.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
54938,"“Yes, that’s him,” Corey Feldman confirms as Dr. Oz holds up a photo of C. Jon Grissom on Thursday’s bombshell episode The Dr. Oz show.

For years, Feldman has attempted to get these names out into the public and after going onto the Oz Show and contacting the authorities in Los Angeles, he’s finally and publicly outed one of his alleged abusers.

In his book, Feldman described what Grissom did to him in graphic detail. He used a pseudonym at the behest of his attorneys to describe everything Grissom did.

“We had to change the names legally,” Feldman said. “The lawyers made me change the names. … They gave me a list of three or four, you know, names. I picked the one that sounded closest to his name.” Advertisment

Feldman said “Ron Crimson” was the name he chose for Grissom in the book. Below are some of the details from Feldman’s biography “Coreography: A Memoir,“ which recall the horrifying nature of his alleged abuse. WARNING GRAPHIC

“I had taken some pills, some concoction that Ron had made up … Ron came over and sat down next to me, a triple-X magazine in his hands … Ron started touching me, reaching across my thigh to the crotch of my pants … He unbuttoned my pants, and took out my penis … He pushed me on the bed and took me in his mouth … When I woke up, he was on me, touching me, tugging on the zipper of my pants. I realized it was happening again … Ron was still having his way with me … Surely Ron wouldn’t attempt to sodomize me with his own mother in the house [he would] … Under Ron’s tutelage, my drug use has progressed quickly. I’m doing coke constantly, with Ron … Ron is pushing me to try crack … ‘Dream a Little Dream‘ is filming in Wilmington, North Carolina. I’ve already been here once, to assist with location scouting, but now I’m back, checking into my room at the Shell Island Resort. Ron is with me, still acting as my assistant. By the time filming ends, he’ll have scored his second cameo in one of my movies – I managed to get him a small role in ‘License To Drive’ as well … I wake up. Ron is at me, tugging on my pants.”

According to IMDB, Grissom appeared in the 1980s movies “License to Drive” and “Dream a Little Dream,” which both starred Feldman. And, in March, Feldman somewhat alluded to the fact that Grissom was one of his abusers.

hmmm can't confirm or deny, but that sure sounds familiar…. — Corey Feldman (@Corey_Feldman) March 2, 2017

Grissom has a MySpace page that shows photos of him with Corey Feldman. Corey Haim is also featured in photos on his page. On the Dr. Oz Show, Feldman said these pictures are to brag about the abuse. “This guy, on his MySpace page and his Facebook page, has pictures of me and Corey Haim. He still taunts it and flaunts it.”

Indeed, on Grissom’s Facebook page, which says he lives in Mazaltan, Sinaloa, in Mexico, he openly shared images of Feldman as well.

According to Online records, Grissom has a criminal history of performing lewd or lascivious acts with a child. He was arrested in 2001 and served time in 2003.

As Heavy reports, Grissom was also arrested in Utah for an unknown crime in 1995. That arrest record gives his place of birth as Alaska. In 2000, Grissom spent three months in prison in Arizona for credit card theft, unlawful means of transportation and resisting arrest.

As TFTP reported earlier this week, after Feldman went on the Today’s Show and mentions the teen club he hung out at, we found Alphy’s Soda Pop Club, which was—as Feldman noted—promoted in teen magazines and catered only to underage child actors in Hollywood. It was owned by Alphy Hoffman.

Hoffman, according to his website that we found on his now-deleted Twitter page:

Alphy Hoffman continues his show business career as a casting consultant as head of Bobby Hoffman Casting founded by Bobby Hoffman, also a Producer/Director for his new company Combined Film.

In Feldman’s biography, Feldman says, “Ralph Kaufman’s club was a private social space for famous teens.” Kaufman is allegedly Hoffman and Feldman said this about him in his book as well:

“Ralph put on a porno. He took a seat next to me on the couch … I passed out on the bed. When I woke up, Ralph was on me, exactly the way Ron had been … Ralph and Bill had been working together, coercing young men into their home. I was just the latest in a series of boys to be groomed.”

As for his abusers, Feldman has a message.

“Now is your time,” Feldman said Thursday. “Be a man for the first time and come forward yourself. … Let it be known and you will be dealt with in a much more tolerant way, I’m sure. However, if you do not, we are coming for you.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89770,"Rather than killing Zambrano, as would most often be the case in this type of scenario, an officer knocked the weapon out of his hand and wrestled Zambrano to the ground subduing him.

New York City, N.Y.- On Friday, September 12, Victor Zambrano, a NYPD narcotics officer was arrested after shooting two friends while off duty.

Reports indicate that Zambrano and his friends had been out drinking and one of the friends became concerned at how intoxicated he had become and asked to hold his weapon for him. According to the New York Daily News, he initially complied with her request, but shortly after he began to demand that she return the weapon.

At this point there was a struggle over the gun with Zambrano subsequently firing the gun. The woman whom he was tussling with over the weapon was shot in the foot, while another man in their group was shot in the leg. Zambrano then attempted to flee.

Advertisment

A man gave chase and Zambrano then attempted to fire at him, but the bullet misfired. Shortly after, NYPD officers were on the scene surrounding Zambrano.

One witness told the New York Daily News,

“They were shouting ‘Drop the gun! Drop the gun!’ but he wouldn’t.”

But rather than killing Zambrano, as would most often be the case in this type of scenario, an officer knocked the weapon out of his hand and wrestled Zambrano to the ground subduing him.

While wonderful to see that officers are capable of using less than deadly force and actually disarming a subject, it’s at the same time extremely disconcerting as it highlights that when officers choose to shoot unarmed citizens, it is just that, a choice.

Look at the cases of John Crawford, Michael Brown, Ezell Ford, Dillon Taylor or Joseph Jennings. None of these men ever fired a shot or even held a gun, but they were still executed by officers.

So what is the difference between these young men and Zumbrano?

The difference is that officers on the scene personalized the situation with Zambramo. They looked at Zambrano as someone of value, due to being an officer, for which every attempt to save his life should be taken, with deadly force being the last resort. Additionally, is there any doubt that had Zambrano been a person of color he would have been immediately gunned down?

The aforementioned young men killed were perceived by responding officers as criminals, thugs or degenerates. Cops don’t see society in general as human beings but as offenders and potential criminals. Perhaps it’s easier to kill someone else’s child if you perceive them as less than human.

This incident only serves to highlight the injustice being served upon the American public by our growing militarized police state. The ‘us against them’ mentality held by law enforcement does a disservice to our society at large.

If officers would take as much care with the rest of society as they do with their own, the world would be a much safer and just place.

It hasn’t been announced what charges, if any, Zambrano will face.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis and on Facebook at Sir Metropolis.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103384,"Bridgeport, CT – DonTrell Brown is serious about exercising his rights, and he has recently had a series of run-ins with the law as a result. Brown does not drink, smoke or use profanity, but he takes a gun with him wherever he goes, and in the state where he lives he is well within his rights to do so.

It is rare to see a person open-carrying their weapon in the state of Connecticut, but it is entirely legal, and according to the fine print of the law, a person is not required to show an officer their permit unless they are detained or were the victim of a crime. However, the police in Connecticut aren’t entirely aware of this fact, and their internal memos state that police are entitled to force any type of information that they want out of people.

Brown holds a masters degree and is well-versed in legal matters, so he knows the boundaries of the law and has no problem testing those boundaries.

Advertisment

In the past few months, Brown had a number of different run-ins with police, but just this week he was harassed and followed around town by officers because he was carrying his legally owned firearm. Brown was pressured by the officers to show them his permit to carry, but he refused and cited the law that he was not required to show them anything unless he was suspected of a crime. Police claim that they were responding to a call from someone who was threatened by the fact that he had a weapon, however, in an exclusive interview with The Free Thought Project, Brown said that the officers were eating at the restaurant where the first encounter took place, meaning that they had just happened to run into him, and were not responding to a call.

Since he was correct about the law, Brown was not arrested by police, however, he was denied service at the Subway restaurant, which has a no gun policy. Unfortunately, the police were not done harassing Brown but decided to follow him around town to other locations. Brown continued to stand his ground and the situation was resolved peacefully when the cops finally backed off.

The day after the encounter, the video quickly went viral and sparked controversy in the local area about whether or not a gun owner was required to show a police officer their permit if they are asked for it. Police and government employees are unanimously in agreement that people should be required to give police any information that they ask for under any circumstances, however, if this were actually the law, then people like DonTrell would quickly be arrested for not showing officers their permits.

Brown tells the Free Thought Project that it is important for people to exercise their rights, because if people don’t, then our freedom will disappear, which is why it is so important for him to open carry. He said that it is important for all gun owners to open carry, but that it was especially important for people of color, who are many times prevented from carrying or even owning firearms. He pointed out that some of the first gun laws in the country were put in place to prevent freed slaves from owning guns.

“What I did was not meant to cause any problems, just more to show people of color that people like MLK and Abraham Lincoln died for us (Black people) to have rights. So if we allow anyone just to violate them then their death’s would be in vain. I for one am really thankful for everything they as well as others done for me to even be out of chain and shackles,” Brown said.

“I just want to be seen as an American with rights, not just a black man challenging the law,” he added.

The following videos show the encounters that Brown had this week with local police:





John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48294,"Hanover, NH — Researchers at The Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy & Clinical Practice produced a damning report on the U.S. health care system, describing how evidence-based research has declined and how the pharmaceutical industry manufactures demand.

Advertisment

“The pharmaceutical industry has influenced medical research in its favor by selective reporting, targeted educational efforts, and incentivizing prescriber behavior that influences how medicine is practiced, the researchers say. The pharmaceutical industry has also spent billions of dollars in direct-to-consumer advertising and has created new disease labels, so-called disease-mongering, and by promoting the use of drugs to address spurious predictions.”

The degradation of health care is one of many ills brought about by corporatism. When big government and industry moguls come together, the truth and human rights suffer.

The authors note how “finance dictates the activity” instead of the rigorous scientific process that guides research in other fields. It has a direct negative effect on funding, on what gets published, and on communication about harms and benefits.

Drug trials that show positive results are quickly published and promoted, while trials that do not show beneficial effects remain unpublished. Industry-supported trials dominate the field, with an almost exclusive focus on health problems that expand market share.

“Solutions to these problems are visible but will be difficult to introduce unless there is a much wider recognition that healthcare has become less about well-founded, trusted relationships between healthcare professionals and patients,” Elwyn and Fisher say. “Rather it looks more like a profit-driven service industry, where commercial interests have influence the value chain.”

The authors make several recommendations to address the corruption in the health care system, seeking to strengthen the integrity of research and increase transparency and access to information.

The problem of industry manufacturing consumer demand is perhaps the most difficult to address. The recommendation here is obvious: be skeptical of industry claims, and that goes for the media too. Unfortunately, we know that mainstream media is but a mouthpiece for the pharmaceutical industry, and they’re both owned by the same barons.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88470,"Longtime Clinton aligned organization MoveOn.org is raising funds to continue to disrupt Donald Trump rallies, according to emails sent out to members. While seemingly innocuous at first, the emails are potentially indicative of something much more calculating and sinister.

“Last night, without consulting local police, Donald Trump abruptly cancelled a rally in Chicago in the face of massive and overwhelmingly peaceful student-led protests,” an email to MoveOn.org members stated. “We’re being flooded with aggressive emails and social media posts from Trump supporters. Some of them are threatening. We refuse to be intimidated by Donald Trump, Fox News, or anyone else…” “So here’s the plan: We’ll support MoveOn.org members to call out and nonviolently protest Trump’s racist, bigoted, misogynistic, xenophobic, and violent behavior — and show the world that America rejects Trump’s hate. And to keep it going, we’re counting on you to donate whatever you can to cover the costs of everything involved — the organizers, signs, online recruitment ads, training, and more.”

The email asks for a donation of $$3 to continue the campaign against Trump.

So what could be sinister about that, right? But for those versed in far left ideology, Rules for Radicals, written by Saul Alinsky, there is no mistaking the hallmarks of left-wing radicalism. Clinton was a follower of Alinsky’s political philosophy and developed a relationship with him in the late 1960’s.

“If you read some of the left-leaning writings of people like Saul Alinksy, you understand exactly what they’re doing. This is part of the plan,” former presidential candidate Ben Carson said.

In light of the recent violence that has transpired at a Trump event in St. Louis, the subsequent canceling of the Chicago rally, a closer analysis of the dynamic at play is warranted.

Advertisment

This past weekend, political operative Roger Stone stated that the disruptive violence at the Trump rally was actually a political false flag event staged by the Clinton campaign in an attempt to discredit rival Bernie Sanders.

“The entire conflagration in Chicago is a Hillary Clinton operation,” Stone said during a phone interview with Alex Jones. “Frankly, I can’t see Bernie Sanders having anything to with it… this is not his handiwork.”

Stone went on to implicate George Soros, MoveOn, David Brock and Media Matters for America and “the reclusive millionaire, Jonathan Lewis.”

Remember that Moveon.Org was an organization founded with the distinct purpose of fighting back against the effort to impeach President Bill Clinton, thus allowing America “move on” to issues of substance, with billionaire European financier George Soros contributing millions to the progressive organization.

This election cycle, the group has officially endorsed Bernie Sanders for President after members overwhelmingly voted for him in a poll against the other candidates vying for the Democratic presidential nomination. But that doesn’t mean the leadership doesn’t have a strategic agenda that differs from that of their member base.

The fact that the group’s members have endorsed Sanders actually gives the organization’s leadership room to operate in a manner that could actually hurt Sanders and bolster the efforts of longtime ally Hillary Clinton.

So while officially backing Bernie Sanders, the traditionally Clinton aligned organization sent out a fundraising emails regarding the Chicago protests of a Donald Trump rally Friday that resulted in the Republican presidential front-runner canceling his scheduled event, with the group admitting that they provided protesters and material support for the protests against Trump.

See what they did there.

A group that has officially supported Sanders, but is historically considered a Clintonian organization, is materially supporting mass protests against Trump.

So, if things devolve into violence at Trump rallies that MoveOn.org is advocating and supporting protesting, which presidential candidates will ultimately suffer?

Obviously Sanders and Trump – leaving Clinton to be the main benefactor of these strategic moves.

Of course, Trump and Bernie supporters are no angels, and they are playing right into the game. Trump has, in fact, instigated violence at his own rallies in response to these protesters.

In August, Trump issued a warning to protesters at his rallies, “I don’t know if I’ll do the fighting myself, or if other people will.” In November, he said a protester who disrupted one of his events “should have been roughed up.” Then, in February, he clearly went over the top by saying, in regards to a protester, “I’d like to punch him in the face.” Then in February, he managed to top the previous statement by telling a rally, “If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them. . . . I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees.”

However, make no mistake that the events you’re seeing transpire at Trump rallies are being orchestrated in part by a political elite Clinton campaign struggling to remain relevant in the face of internal scandal, Bernie’s surprising populist appeal, and the unexpected Trump juggernaut.

Jay Syrmopoulos is a political analyst, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, Raw Story, MintPress News, as well as many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96201,"The encounter occurred three years ago, when a Knoxville police officer confronted a man who was changing a flat tire on the side of the road—and then proceeded to shoot and kill him after a brief confrontation.

Three years after a Knoxville police officer shot an unarmed man in the back six times and killed him, an appellate court has determined that the officer is not eligible for qualified immunity in the $$3 million civil rights lawsuit he is facing.

The incident occurred during a stop on the side of the road when Officer David Gerlach encountered Ronald E. Carden, a 45-year-old man who was recently released on parole. It ended with Gerlach shooting Carden multiple times in the back, and then proceeding to shoot him as he was falling to the ground. The horrific incident now serves to illustrate that not only did police lie about what happened, they covered it up, and refused to bring charges against an officer who should have likely been charged with homicide.

Carden’s son, Brandon, is suing Gerlach and the Knoxville Police Department for $$3 million in a federal civil rights lawsuit. He recently won a small victory in court when an appellate judge refused to grant qualified immunity to Gerlach. The court ruled that not only did case law not sustain that the shooting was justified, but they denied Gerlach’s claim of immunity from prosecution. The court wrote:

“Because it was clearly established at the time of the shooting that the police may not fire on a fleeing suspect who does not pose a threat of serious physical harm, the denial of qualified immunity was proper.”

In other words, while police officers are normally protected from prosecution because of qualified immunity statutes, when a suspect is running away, a police officer may not shoot and kill such a person. One might be tempted to believe such a conclusion would fall in the realm of common sense, but not when it comes to police, as The Free Thought Project has reported.

The incident occurred along the side of Knoxville’s Interstate 40 at about 3 a.m. on July 27, 2014, when the car Carden was driving got a flat tire. From Gerlach’s dashcam footage, two men (Carden and a friend) can be seen attempting to change the flat tire on the car. Some police officers may have attempted to help the two men, but Gerlach ran Carden’s plates which reportedly came back registered to a different vehicle.

Advertisment

Thinking the car might be stolen, Gerlach began questioning Carden. As soon as Gerlach reached for Carden’s arm, Carden punched him and began running away, out of camera view. A taser can be heard as having been deployed, and then six shots were fired.

Gerlach radioed “shots fired” and backup officers arrived, and Carden’s friend—who had stayed out of the encounter, even as he watched the shooting—was placed in handcuffs. The story that followed was anything but the truth.

KPD spokesman Darrell DeBusk reportedly described such a violent struggle for Gerlach’s gun that the holster broke under the force. “Officer Gerlach was able to retain enough control of the gun to fire more than one shot,” DeBusk said.

What DeBusk failed to mention, which the autopsy confirmed, was that Gerlach shot Carden in the back six times, with five bullets being fired from a distance of more than three feet. Not only was Carden fleeing, but Gerlach shot him after he had fallen to the ground, according to the autopsy report.

Carden’s son filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against Gerlach, and the KPD for its officer’s use of deadly force against his father. Gerlach’s attorneys contended he should be given immunity from prosecution on the basis that he was acting within his official duties as a police officer at the time of the shooting. The judge overseeing the case completely disagreed.

Proof Gerlach shot both a fleeing man, and killed a wounded man comes from the pen of the judge overseeing the appeal. The Knoxville News Sentinel reported that Sixth District U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Tom Varlan cited the autopsy report as well as evidence presented by Carden’s attorneys. Varlan wrote:

“(Carden) started to flee, and made it about one step, when (Gerlach) began shooting at (Carden)…(Gerlach) fired approximately two to three shots at (Carden) while (Gerlach) was still lying on the ground. He then stood up and fired three more shots down at (Carden). Approximately thirty-five seconds elapsed from the moment (Carden) struck (Gerlach) to the moment (Gerlach) fired his final round.”

The Sentinel also noted that while the dash cam footage showed Carden wearing jeans and a buttoned-up shirt when he ran from Gerlach, his body arrived at the morgue shirtless and in handcuffs. The shirt was not turned over until three weeks after the shooting, and it was “still buttoned but turned inside out,” with “no evidence Carden was wearing the shirt when he was struck by bullets.“

For those who might assume that Gerlach had probable cause to shoot Carden, the court opined:

“[Even if Gerlach] had probable cause to fear for his safety during his struggle with Carden [a jury could find] he lacked the same cause after the struggle had ended and Carden, still unarmed, had turned and begun to flee.”

Police officers and departments everywhere should take notice that it is still unlawful to shoot at fleeing suspects who pose no serious threat to police.

According to a report from the Knoxville Mercury, which conducted an extensive review of the disciplinary procedures inside the KPD, the problem is systemic.

“Although more than 100 officers have been flagged in the 14 years since an early intervention system was instituted to nip problem behaviors in the bud, only one of those officers has actually been enrolled in the correctional part of the program. In all other cases, supervisors decided the officers’ activities weren’t a problem.”

Equally disturbing is the fact that the police department investigates itself when officers are accused of serious infractions.

“The Mercury examined the personnel files of more than 20 officers who have either recently been the subject of lawsuits related to use of force, had repeated misbehavior problems or high-profile errors, or who have been flagged for recurring problems by the department itself. In these officers’ cases, reprimands, “counseling forms,” and even suspensions often appear to have had little to no effect on officers’ annual reviews, pay raises, or promotions. The department itself investigates potential criminal allegations against its officers, even in cases that involve deadly use of force or shooting deaths.”

Had there been an independent review board, operating outside of the influence of the police department, and an effective discipline program at work within the KPD, then maybe this shooting could have been prevented.

As Carden’s son moves forward in his civil rights lawsuit, it is important to remember that even if he does win the $$3 million he is pursuing, Tennessee taxpayers will be the ones footing the bill, not the killer cop.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88340,"The Philosophy of Bruce Lee: “Be Water My Friend”

While many revere Bruce Lee as a master of the martial arts, far fewer are aware of the deep philosophical underpinnings which served as a base from which these skills arose.

One of the most prominent factors in Bruce’s development was the influence of Taoist philosophy. Taoist philosophy was developed in the sixth century BC by Lao Tzu, credited with writing the classical work, the Tao Te Ching. The word Tao means “the way,” meaning in deeper terms the way of balance or the way of nature.

Advertisment

The practice of martial arts is reflective in nature, as the martial artist must examine the issues of self defense vs offense, and life and death, while realizing the ultimate goal is deep introspection into the nature of the self.

According to essay written by Bruce Lee, for a freshman English course in 1961 and later published by his wife Linda Cadwell in Bruce Lee: The Man I Only Knew:

“After four years of hard training in the art of gung fu (kung fu), I began to understand and felt the principle of gentleness — the art of neutralizing the effect of the opponent’s effort and minimizing expenditure of one’s energy. All this must be done in calmness and without striving. It sounded simple, but in actual application it was difficult. The moment I engaged in combat with an opponent, my mind was completely perturbed and unstable. Especially after a series of exchanging blows and kicks, all my theory of gentleness was gone. My only thought left was somehow or another I must beat him and win. “My instructor, Professor Yip Man, head of the wing chun school, would come up to me and say: ‘Relax and calm your mind. Forget about yourself and follow your opponent’s movement. Let your mind, the basic reality, do the countermovement without any interfering deliberation. Above all, learn the art of detachment.’ “That was it! I must relax. However, right here I had already done something contradictory, against my will. When I said I must relax, the demand for effort in ‘must’ was already inconsistent with the effortlessness in ‘relax.’ When my acute self-consciousness grew to what the psychologists call the ‘double-blind’ type, my instructor would again approach me and say: ‘Preserve yourself by following the natural bends of things and don’t interfere. Remember never to assert yourself against nature; never be in frontal opposition to any problem, but control it by swinging with it. Don’t practice this week. Go home and think about it.’ “The following week I stayed home. After spending many hours in meditation and practice, I gave up and went sailing alone in a junk. On the sea I thought of all my past training and got mad at myself and punched at the water. Right then at that moment, a thought suddenly struck me: Wasn’t this water, the very basic stuff, the essence of gung fu? Didn’t the common water illustrate to me the principle of gung fu? I struck it just now, but it did not suffer hurt. Again I stabbed it with all my might, yet it was not wounded. I then tried to grasp a handful of it but it was impossible. This water, the softest substance in the world, could fit itself into any container. Although it seemed weak, it could penetrate the hardest substance in the world. That was it! I wanted to be like the nature of water.”

The often unexplored depth of Bruce Lee’s philosophical underpinnings are crucial keys to understanding the heights of his ability. Bruce had harnessed not only the art of wu-shin, or no-mindedness, but had begun to find his oneness with the Tao itself.

Later in life the Tao would play a major role in Bruce’s development of Jeet Kune Do, his own style of martial art.

“When he was in Seattle Bruce used to quote Confucius and Lao Tzu and all those people like that, and he believed it,” says Taky Kimura, Bruce’s senior student, and best friend. “But pretty soon he made that transition himself and he became the philosopher.”

So what does it mean to “be water?”

Water deals with whatever environment it finds as it flows and adapts. It explores space without plans or expectations. It does not change inside even as the outside adapts to its surroundings. Water is virtually formless.

According to Bruce Lee:

“Don’t make a plan of fighting

that is a very good way to lose your teeth

if you try to remember you will lose

Empty your mind

be formless

shapeless

like water

put water into a cup

becomes the cup

put water into a teapot

becomes the teapot

water can flow or creep or drip or crash

be water my friend”

On a deeper level, Bruce is referring to the Tao concept of Wu Wei, or knowing when to act or not act. Other interpretations translate to “effortless action or effortless doing.”

These realizations depend not upon a teacher showing one how to identify these moments, but rather learning to harness our intuition by looking inward.

“When I look around, I always learn something, and that is to always be yourself, express yourself, to have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate him. They always copy mannerism; they never start from the root of their being: that is, how can I be me?”

Bruce believed that he could not teach his students so much as point them in the direction of knowledge. For Bruce all knowledge inevitably led to self knowledge. This was Bruce Lee’s the path towards oneness with the Tao.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
91112,"“What good is the camera if officers are able to take them off and just put them on the side?”

Armand Bennet, a 26-year-old man from Algiers, LA was pulled over by NOPD officer Lisa Lewis on August 11th, 2014. During the stop Bennet was shot in the forehead by officer Lewis, and survived.

Bennet has since hired attorney, Nandi Campbell, who claims that Bennet never resisted. He did try to run away after the first time he was shot, like any sane person would do, and that’s when, Campbell says, Lewis shot at him a second time.

An attorney for officer Lewis claims that she turned off her body camera because her shift was about to end and she was on her way back to the station.

Advertisment

Is powering off a body camera some sort of long and drawn out procedure which requires so much time that officers begin said procedure prior to clocking off? Was she also taking off her shoes or her bullet proof vest? Apparently she thought her pistol was still worth “keeping on.”

“What good is the camera if officers are able to take them off and just put them on the side?” Bennet’s attorney, Campbell asked. “There’s supposed to be some sort of checks and balances, so if we have an officer who has no problems shooting at a man two times. Why should I be surprised that she took the camera off? I’m not surprised at all.”

Lewis and Bennet were allegedly involved a scuffle a week before this stop, which led to 4 separate warrants being issued for Bennet, according to NOPD Chief Ronal Serpas.

“We want the officers to wear body cameras when they’re engaged with somebody in the public, and we know many times that is going to happen and sometimes things happen very fast and they might not be able to,” said Serpas. “But I don’t know yet. I haven’t seen this case.”

Stellar accountability NOPD. Bravo.

Here is a random idea, start implementing body cameras that the officers cannot turn off. However, even then, as we have seen in other departments who use cameras which the officers cannot turn off, they ‘malfunction’ quite often.

This is why citizens filming police is so powerful. We cannot expect the police to hold themselves accountable. It is up to us to Police the Police!





",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95583,"“Every day in communities across the United States, children and adolescents spend the majority of their waking hours in schools that have increasingly come to resemble places of detention more than places of learning. From metal detectors to drug tests, from increased policing to all-seeing electronic surveillance,the public schools of the twenty-first century reflect a society that has become fixated on crime, security and violence.”—Investigative journalist Annette Fuentes

In the American police state, you’re either a prisoner (shackled, controlled, monitored, ordered about, limited in what you can do and say, your life not your own) or a prison bureaucrat (police officer, judge, jailer, spy, profiteer, etc.).

Indeed, at a time when we are all viewed as suspects, there are so many ways in which a person can be branded a criminal for violating any number of laws, regulations or policies. Even if you haven’t knowingly violated any laws, there is still a myriad of ways in which you can run afoul of the police state and end up on the wrong side of a jail cell.

Unfortunately, when you’re a child in the American police state, life is that much worse.

Microcosms of the police state, America’s public schools contain almost every aspect of the militarized, intolerant, senseless, overcriminalized, legalistic, surveillance-riddled, totalitarian landscape that plagues those of us on the “outside.”

From the moment a child enters one of the nation’s 98,000 public schools to the moment she graduates, she will be exposed to a steady diet of draconian zero tolerance policies that criminalize childish behavior, overreaching anti-bullying statutes that criminalize speech, school resource officers (police) tasked with disciplining and/or arresting so-called “disorderly” students, standardized testing that emphasizes rote answers over critical thinking, politically correct mindsets that teach young people to censor themselves and those around them, and extensive biometric and surveillance systems that, coupled with the rest, acclimate young people to a world in which they have no freedom of thought, speech or movement.

If your child is fortunate enough to survive his encounter with the public schools, you should count yourself fortunate.

Most students are not so lucky.

By the time the average young person in America finishes their public school education, nearly one out of every three of them will have been arrested.

More than 3 million students are suspended or expelled from schools every year, often for minor misbehavior, such as “disruptive behavior” or “insubordination.” Black students are three times more likely than white students to face suspension and expulsion.

Advertisment

For instance, a Virginia sixth grader, the son of two school teachers and a member of the school’s gifted program, was suspended for a year after school officials found a leaf (likely a maple leaf) in his backpack that they suspected was marijuana. Despite the fact that the leaf in question was not marijuana (a fact that officials knew almost immediately), the 11-year-old was still kicked out of school, charged with marijuana possession in juvenile court, enrolled in an alternative school away from his friends, subjected to twice-daily searches for drugs, and forced to be evaluated for substance abuse problems.

As the Washington Post warns: “It doesn’t matter if your son or daughter brings a real pot leaf to school, or if he brings something that looks like a pot leaf—okra, tomato, maple, buckeye, etc. If your kid calls it marijuana as a joke, or if another kid thinks it might be marijuana, that’s grounds for expulsion.”

Many state laws require that schools notify law enforcement whenever a student is found with an “imitation controlled substance,” basically anything that look likes a drug but isn’t actually illegal. As a result, students have been suspended for bringing to school household spices such as oregano, breath mints, birth control pills and powdered sugar.

It’s not just look-alike drugs that can get a student in trouble under school zero tolerance policies. Look-alike weapons (toy guns—even Lego-sized ones, hand-drawn pictures of guns, pencils twirled in a “threatening” manner, imaginary bows and arrows, even fingers positioned like guns) can also land a student in detention.

Acts of kindness, concern or basic manners can also result in suspensions. One 13-year-old was given detention for exposing the school to “liability” by sharing his lunch with a hungry friend. A third grader was suspended for shaving her head in sympathy for a friend who had lost her hair to chemotherapy. And then there was the high school senior who wassuspended for saying “bless you” after a fellow classmate sneezed.

Unfortunately, while these may appear to be isolated incidents, they are indicative of a nationwide phenomenon in which children are treated like suspects and criminals, especially within the public schools.

The schools have become a microcosm of the American police state, right down to the host of surveillance technologies, including video cameras, finger and palm scanners, iris scanners, as well as RFID and GPS tracking devices, employed to keep constant watch over their student bodies.

Making matters worse are the police.

Students accused of being disorderly or noncompliant have a difficult enough time navigating the bureaucracy of school boards, but when you bring the police into the picture, after-school detention and visits to the principal’s office are transformed into punishments such as misdemeanor tickets, juvenile court, handcuffs, tasers and even prison terms.

In the absence of school-appropriate guidelines, police are more and more “stepping in to deal with minor rulebreaking—sagging pants, disrespectful comments, brief physical skirmishes. What previously might have resulted in a detention or a visit to the principal’s office was replaced with excruciating pain and temporary blindness, often followed by a trip to the courthouse.”

Thanks to a combination of media hype, political pandering and financial incentives, the use of armed police officers to patrol school hallways has risen dramatically in the years since the Columbine school shooting (nearly 20,000 by 2003). Funded by the U.S. Department of Justice, these school resource officers (SROs) have become de facto wardens in the elementary, middle and high schools, doling out their own brand of justice to the so-called “criminals” in their midst with the help of tasers, pepperspray, batons and brute force.

The horror stories are legion.

One SRO is accused of punching a 13-year-old student in the face for cutting the cafeteria line. That same cop put another student in a chokehold a week later, allegedly knocking the student unconscious and causing a brain injury. In Pennsylvania, a student was tased after ignoring an order to put his cell phone away.

Defending the use of handcuffs and pepper spray to subdue students, one Alabama police department reasoned that if they can employ such tactics on young people away from school, they should also be permitted to do so on campus.

Now advocates for such harsh police tactics and weaponry will tell you that school safety should be our first priority lest we find ourselves with another Sandy Hook. What they will not tell you is that such shootings are rare. As one congressional report found, the schools are, generally speaking, safe places for children.

In their zeal to crack down on guns and lock down the schools, these cheerleaders for police state tactics in the schools might also fail to mention the lucrative, multi-million dollar deals being cut with military contractors such as Taser International to equip these school cops with tasers, tanks, rifles and $$100,000 shooting detection systems.

Indeed, the transformation of hometown police departments into extensions of the military has been mirrored in the public schools, where school police have been gifted with high-powered M16 rifles, MRAP armored vehicles, grenade launchers, and other military gear. One Texas school district even boasts its own 12-member SWAT team.

According to one law review article on the school-to-prison pipeline, “Many school districts have formed their own police departments, some so large they rival the forces of major United States cities in size. For example, the safety division in New York City’s public schools is so large that if it were a local police department, it would be the fifth-largest police force in the country.”

The ramifications are far-reaching.

The term “school-to-prison pipeline” refers to a phenomenon in which children who are suspended or expelled from school have a greater likelihood of ending up in jail. One study found that “being suspended or expelled made a student nearly three times more likely to come into contact with the juvenile justice system within the next year.”

Not content to add police to their employee rosters, the schools have also come to resemble prisons, complete with surveillance cameras, metal detectors, drug-sniffing dogs, random locker searches and active shooter drills. The Detroit public schools boast a “‘$$5.6 million 23,000-sq ft. state of the art Command Center’ and ‘$$41.7 million district-wide security initiative’ including metal detectors and ID system where visitors’ names are checked against the sex offender registry.”

As if it weren’t bad enough that the nation’s schools have come to resemble prisons, the government is also contracting with private prisons to lock up our young people for behavior that once would have merited a stern lecture. Nearly 40 percent of those young people who are arrested will serve time in a private prison, where the emphasis is on making profits for large megacorporations above all else.

Private prisons, the largest among them being GEO and the Corrections Corporation of America, profit by taking over a state’s prison population for a fee. Many states, under contract with these private prisons, agree to keep the prisons full, which in turn results in more Americans being arrested, found guilty and jailed for nonviolent “crimes” such as holding Bible studies in their back yard. As the Washington Post points out, “With the growing influence of the prison lobby, the nation is, in effect, commoditizing human bodies for an industry in militant pursuit of profit… The influence of private prisons creates a system that trades money for human freedom, often at the expense of the nation’s most vulnerable populations: children, immigrants and the poor.”

This profit-driven system of incarceration has also given rise to a growth in juvenile prisons and financial incentives for jailing young people. Indeed, young people have become easy targets for the private prison industry, which profits from criminalizing childish behavior and jailing young people. For instance, two Pennsylvania judges made headlines when it was revealed that they had been conspiring with two businessmen in a $$2.6 million “kids for cash” scandal that resulted inmore than 2500 children being found guilty and jailed in for-profit private prisons.

It has been said that America’s schools are the training ground for future generations. Instead of raising up a generation of freedom fighters, however, we seem to be busy churning out newly minted citizens of the American police state who are being taught the hard way what it means to comply, fear and march in lockstep with the government’s dictates.

As I point out in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People, with every school police raid and overzealous punishment that is carried out in the name of school safety, the lesson being imparted is that Americans—especially young people—have no rights at all against the state or the police.

I’ll conclude with one hopeful anecdote about a Philadelphia school dubbed the “Jones Jail” because of its bad reputation for violence among the student body. Situated in a desperately poor and dangerous part of the city, the John Paul Jones Middle School’s student body had grown up among drug users, drug peddlers, prostitutes and gun violence. “By middle school,” reports The Atlantic, most of these students “have witnessed more violence than most Americans who didn’t serve in a war ever will.”

According to investigative reporters Jeff Deeney, “School police officers patrolled the building at John Paul Jones, andchildren were routinely submitted to scans with metal detecting wands. All the windows were covered in metal grating and one room that held computers even had thick iron prison bars on its exterior… Every day… [police] would set up a perimeter of police officers on the blocks around the school, and those police were there to protect neighbors from the children, not to protect the children from the neighborhood.”

In other words, John Paul Jones, one of the city’s most dangerous schools, was a perfect example of the school-to-prison, police state apparatus at work among the nation’s youngest and most impressionable citizens.

When management of John Paul Jones was taken over by a charter school that opted to de-escalate the police state presence, stripping away the metal detectors and barred windows, local police protested. In fact, they showed up wearing Kevlar vests. Nevertheless, school officials remained determined to do away with institutional control and surveillance, as well as aggressive security guards, and focus on noncoercive, nonviolent conflict resolution with an emphasis on student empowerment, relationship building and anger management.

The result: a 90% drop in serious incidents—drug sales, weapons, assaults, rapes—in one year alone. As one fifth-grader remarked on the changes, “There are no more fights. There are no more police. That’s better for the community.”

The lesson for the rest of us is this: you not only get what you pay for, but you reap what you sow.

If you want a nation of criminals, treat the citizenry like criminals.

If you want young people who grow up seeing themselves as prisoners, run the schools like prisons.

But if you want to raise up a generation of freedom fighters, who will actually operate with justice, fairness, accountability and equality towards each other and their government, then run the schools like freedom forums. Remove the metal detectors and surveillance cameras, re-assign the cops elsewhere, and start treating our nation’s young people like citizens of a republic and not inmates in a police state.

Constitutional attorney and author John W. Whitehead [send him mail] is founder and president of The Rutherford Institute. He is the author of A Government of Wolves: The Emerging American Police State and The Change Manifesto (Sourcebooks).

Copyright © 2015 The Rutherford Institute",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103960,"Atlanta, GA — An unnamed DeKalb County police officer is on paid administrative leave after he shot and killed a mentally ill naked man Monday afternoon.

DeKalb County Police Chief Cedric Alexander said at a news briefing that the Georgia Bureau of Investigation is taking over the investigation after it appeared the man, identified as Anthony Hill, 27, was unarmed.

Hill’s girlfriend took to twitter to protest the killing of her boyfriend.

My boyfriend was SHOT AND KILLED today by an officer. HE WAS UNARMED. Never in a million years did I think this would happen. #Antlanta — mockingjay ? (@bridgie_xoxo) March 9, 2015

I thought cops were suppose to protect and serve???? THEY TOOK THE LOVE OF MY LIFE AWAY!!!!! #antlanta — mockingjay ? (@bridgie_xoxo) March 10, 2015

The police say they received reports of a mentally ill man acting strangely in their apartment complex.

Advertisment

According to his posts on Social Media, Hill was bipolar.

I am thankful to be something other than normal. I don't fight my circumstance, I embrace it. I love myself. Always#IAmBipolar — Lanta (@AntHeezie) March 5, 2015

“The caller reported a male acting deranged, knocking on doors, crawling around on the ground naked,” Alexander said.

“The caller reported the man had taken off all his clothes and was just running around throughout the entire complex,” Alexander added.

When the officer showed up, he said the naked, unarmed man charged him, so he had to kill him.

“When the male saw the officer he charged, running at the officer,” the police chief said. “The officer told him to stop while stepping back at which point he drew his weapon and fired two shots.”

However, witnesses tell a different story. They say the man never charged the officer.

A witness told WSB-TV that Hill was hanging from a balcony, naked, before the shooting.

“He tells me, ‘I’m OK, I’m OK.’ That’s what he was saying,” the witness said, according to the news station. “He was acting crazy but he was calm like he didn’t know where he was. He was like kind of lost in his face.”

At 11, new video of a naked man moments before he was shot and killed by police today: http://t.co/KQbxoYChMJ pic.twitter.com/U4uN0TyU72 — WSB-TV (@wsbtv) March 10, 2015

Despite an extensive search, no weapon was found at the scene.

“At this point this case has been turned over to the Georgia Bureau of Investigations for an independent outside investigation,” Alexander said in an attempt to emphasize the notion of an “external” investigation.

Henry Raco, a witness on the scene, tells CBS 46, “Now you are scared to call police if you see anything because you don’t know what police are going to do. They have license to kill people for no reason and that is scary.”

This man was naked. It was obvious that he had no weapons on his person, yet the first thing this police officer does is resort to deadly force.

Today was our 3 year anniversary… I love you babe. Rest in paradise. I know you're happy to see your granddad. pic.twitter.com/D9iYj9fW2I — mockingjay ? (@bridgie_xoxo) March 10, 2015

Yesterday, prior to being killed, Hill made an inspirational post on his facebook page. It read, “Where I once saw death I only see life.”

Hill was also well aware of the epidemic of police killings in the US.

The black community needs to work harder to make sure WE know that #blacklivesmatter. Our actions will either support or diminish our words. — Lanta (@AntHeezie) March 6, 2015

Post by Anthony Hill Hill even showed his open-mindedness on the issue of police violence.

If 99 out of 100 cops ouchea killing black men like its hunting season that still leaves 1 just doing his job. Stop w/ the generalizations — Lanta (@AntHeezie) December 24, 2014

This man’s death is a true tragedy. Rest in Power Anthony Hill.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103402,"July 25, 2014



Ken Suitter was driving down the road around 1:00 am when he pulled into a shopping center to see what the half dozen cop cars there were doing.

Upon pulling in, he was quickly stopped by a St. Peters, MO police officer who began his interrogation.

Advertisment

What happened next was nothing short of rights flexing mastery. Suitter was so confident about being in the right, that he was able to drive off from this officer without being shot at or followed!

Enjoy this wonderful moment caught on film.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96065,"Philadelphia, PA – A police officer was electrocuted while attempting to recover drugs that suspect threw on top of a railway train. According to NBC, Police say Cpl. Michael Pitcher was chasing down 26-year-old Dominique Rivers, a drug suspect when Rivers threw the evidence on top of the train.

Pitcher was undercover and in plain clothes at the time of the arrest.

Pitcher climbed up a ladder to reach the top of the train but as soon as he reached the top he was severely electrocuted.

Advertisment

Morrisville Police Chief George McClay said that Pitcher is an 8-year veteran of the police force.

“He thought the train was disabled, turned off. He tried to retrieve the narcotics. He was on top of the train and got sucked into the register and got burned pretty good on his back,” McClay explained.

“He’s got a bad burn on the back, but he’s conscious. He’s talking, actually joking with us, but he’s very lucky to be alive,” he added.

Eventually, the train actually was turned off and police were able to recover the evidence, and arrest Rivers on various drug charges, including possession with intent to deliver.

“He ran, threw the narcotics on top of the train. The officer chased him for a pretty good distance, apprehended him,” McClay said.

As for officer Pitcher, he is in the hospital with third-degree burns and is expected to be released Wednesday.

Pitcher has actually had a string of bad luck recently. In February of last year he was run over by a carjacker.

Pitcher put himself into a dangerous situation for no good reason, he was not helping anyone, and in fact, was working towards ruining a young man’s life.

Even in areas with a declining homicide rate, the murder cases that are going unsolved are continuing to climb. Police departments and bureaucrats have a million excuses, but the drug war is one of the primary reasons for this occurrence. On one hand indiscriminate killings become more common than crimes of passion that are easy to figure out, but there is a much more sinister aspect of this as well.

If you look at the rate of incarcerations for drug offenses, and how incredibly often drug cases are “solved” and found in favor of the state, it becomes obvious that the police have more of an incentive in their day to day activities to hunt down drug users than murderers. These people aren’t selfless public servants as the propaganda on primetime television would lead you to believe, they are average people just like you and me. They will even tell you “I’m just doing my job,” so like most of us, when they are on the job, they try to get the most amount of money for the least amount of work, and murder cases are really tough work.

A cop could even miss his quota by taking the time and effort to hunt down a murderer, instead of grabbing a kid with a bag of pot, which is a lot easier to find and a lot easier to catch. Quotas are another thing that many police departments deny, but time and time again evidence surfaces that proves otherwise. Recently, a former NYPD officer has come forward saying that he used to ticket dead people just to meet his quota. This is not to say that all cops are nasty people, but the way that their jobs are monopolized by the state and focused on the drug war, this corrupts their position and forces them to hurt innocent people and violate people’s rights even if they have the best of intentions.

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75279,"If you get your news from mostly far left sources, chances are you’ve heard YouTube and Google are censoring or blacklisting left and progressive sites and content. Conversely, if you get your news from far right sources, chances are you’ve heard YouTube and Google are censoring their content as well. If you want to know which side is being truthful in trying to expose their censorship, it is both of them.

In the last week, we’ve witnessed a massive crackdown on alternative media — the likes of which are unprecedented. Quite literally overnight, YouTube issued a sweeping update and demonetized thousands of video in accounts across all political spectrums.

If you ask Paul Joseph Watson from Infowars.com, it’s because they are cracking down on pro-Trump pages. Pro-Trump personalities Diamond and Silk were also hit with the demonetization purge and they also claim it’s because YouTube is going after Trump supporters.

While both Watson and Diamond and Silk had their videos demonetized, the rabbit hole goes far deeper than just pro-Trump sites.

If it were just pro-Trump videos being hit with the censorship sweep, then why is Luke Rudkowski, founder of We Are Change, also being purged?

The Free Thought Project spoke to Rudkowski Friday and asked if any of his many videos that were clearly critical of Trump were demonetized. He tells us that all of them were.

Nearly all of my youtube videos have just been demonetized by YouTube! WTF — Luke Rudkowski (@Lukewearechange) August 9, 2017

Advertisment

Rudkowski is most certainly not a participant of the left/right paradigm, nor is he a Trump supporter, but he was hit as well.

We asked Rudkowski what he thought about people claiming that it’s their pro-Trump status getting them censored, here’s what he said:

“Obviously that is not the case since it looks like they hit me first and my channel is clearly very critical of Donald Trump for the real reasons that the MSM would never touch.”

It’s not just We Are Change and pro-Trump folks either. The World Socialist Web Site — a far left organization with a clearly advertised agenda — is also being hit.

According to a scathing report from wsws.org, they aren’t alone either. Google, YouTube’s owner, has reportedly undertaken a similar attack on alternative viewpoints. As wsws reports,

Truthout, a not-for-profit news website that focuses on political, social, and ecological developments from a left progressive standpoint, had its readership plunge by 35 percent since April. The Real News , a nonprofit video news and documentary service, has had its search traffic fall by 37 percent. Another site, Common Dreams , last week told the WSWS that its search traffic had fallen by up to 50 percent.

“This is political censorship of the worst sort; it’s just an excuse to suppress political viewpoints,” Robert Epstein, a former editor in chief of Psychology Today and noted expert on Google, told wsws.

Those who’ve been paying attention predicted this crackdown and watched it come to a head at the beginning of this month, when the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) applauded Google and YouTube for taking on hate speech and extremist content while having the ADL be the ones who decide what gets flagged.

“The fight against terrorist use of online resources and cyberhate has become one of the most daunting challenges in modern history,” said Jonathan A. Greenblatt, ADL CEO. “Google has been a leader in this area from the beginning. The reality is extremists and terrorists continue to migrate to and exploit various other social media platforms. We hope that those platforms can learn from and emulate what YouTube is doing to proactively identify and remove extremist content.”

For those that don’t know, last year, the ADL labeled the cartoon, Pepe the frog, a symbol of hate. This irrational behavior is hardly indicative of a third party who ostensibly possesses the skills to determine what people should and shouldn’t see online.

Given these recent moves, we can infer that what is likely happening is far more insidious than pro-Trump censorship or pro-left censorship. While the ADL is likely using their newfound authority to silence those with whom they disagree politically — by labeling them extremists — this new censorship appears to go after anyone who challenges the establishment.

Disagreeing with the status quo is the new hate speech.

Those who challenge the corporate government paradigm are being lumped in with extremist groups and being flagged as hate speech. Sadly, only those who get their information from these alternative sources who are unafraid of challenging the oligarchy will even know this is happening.

It takes years of hard work to build a platform that is able to break through the static shoved out by the mainstream media and reach people still plugged into the matrix. However, once they see the establishment for what it is, this cannot be unseen. The powers that be know this and appear to be moving in to stop it.

Imagine if you never came across alternative media that challenged your thought process and made you question the government. Imagine if you never ‘woke up’ to the atrocities committed by the state on a daily basis. Imagine where you’d be right now without that information. Now, imagine that information is snubbed out forever. Is that a world you want to live in?

We didn’t think so.

If ever there were a time for people to get over their political, religious, racial, sexual, or any other differences — it is now. While we may disagree on different issues, if any one group is allowed to be silenced, it is only a matter of time until everyone else is silenced too.

What makes freedom work is the ability for contrasting ideas to be presented — even if you find them repugnant. When we stop the dissemination of ideas, only one idea prevails and it is certainly not freedom.

The good news is that many have seen this day coming and have made moves to combat it. One such move is the social media platform Steemit.

This uncensorable network is a blockchain-based social media platform where anyone can post and read what they want — and even earn money. It works in a similar fashion to Reddit, however, instead of being banned or censored for posts, if other users like your content, you make money.

As the deep state continues to tighten its grip on humanity, we need to continue to resist through outlets like this one. Also, it has never been more important to inform your family members and friends of the blatant censorship taking place under their noses. Please, encourage them to seek out alternative media and bookmark it as those like Google, YouTube and Facebook — who have a monoploy on the dissemination of information — may make it all but impossible to find in the near future.

For now, Americans, along with the rest of the world, would do well to remember these most powerful words by the German journalist and poet, Christian Johann Heinrich Heine, “Dort wo man Bücher verbrennt, verbrennt man auch am Ende Menschen.”

Where they have burned books, they will end in burning human beings.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
61213,"In the year 2000, Sant Balbir Singh Seechewal decided that it was time to clean up a sacred part of the Hoshiarpur district of Punjab, the Kali Bein river.

For centuries, city governments along the river had been dumping their human waste and garbage into this sacred Sikh waterway. After unsuccessfully attempting to convince the governments to stop dumping waste into the river, Seechewal drew on the Sikh tradition of kar sewa (free voluntary service).

That’s when Sant Sichewal (also spelled Sancherwal, Sabarwahl, and Sant Balbir Singh Seechewal) jumped in for a cleansing bath of a different kind: one designed to awaken the people. He began cleaning the river single-handedly until his example, and his many narrations on the history and value of the Bein to Sikh history drew hundreds of followers to the task.

Advertisment

Seechewal built a small team of recruits who would, in turn, teach the local people along the Kali Bein why they should clean their river. Their successful campaign raised funds for equipment, enlisted countless volunteers to provide physical work, and more than two dozen villages began helping in the efforts.

Through kar seva, he and thousands have, in a labor of love of untold hours, cleaned the river.

According to the SikhiWiki, the scale of the task was gigantic — volunteers cleared the entire riverbed of water hyacinth and silt, and built riverbanks and roads alongside the river. When appeals to government and municipal bodies failed to stop dirty water flowing into the river, Seechewal launched a public-awareness campaign to encourage villagers to dispose of their sewage elsewhere.

Some villages revived traditional methods of waste disposal and treatment, and farmers lined up for a share of the treated water. After they could no longer deny the astonishing effects of Seechewal’s efforts, a government order to divert water from a nearby canal was finally obtained. As the riverbed was cleared, natural springs revived and the river began to fill up.

According to the India Times, not only did they clean it up and rejuvenate some parts of the river which had been dry for many years, but the team also worked hard to beautify the banks by planting trees.

With the restoration of its water flow, thousands of hectares of land have been reclaimed from water-logging in Tehsil Dasuya of Hoshiarpur District, from desertification in the Kapurthala district, and from floods in the Mand area of confluence of Beas and Satluj rivers.

After a 400-year long period of neglect and pollution, today, this once revolting river now teems with life and is a beautiful sight for all who live near it.

Seechewal’s mission teaches humanity a lesson of how to incite meaningful change — without the use of government force. For decades, people attempted to petition the government to halt the pollution of the Bein, but this was pointless. No action was ever taken.

Even if the government had “mandated” through the threat of force that the river not be polluted, many people would have ignored this as they had no other means or knowledge to act otherwise.

The only thing that saved this sacred river from becoming a flowing pit of toxic death was one man’s ability to lead by example, and the seeking of a lesser ignorance.

Instead of using force to make the residents along the Bein stop polluting, Seechewal and his team spread knowledge.

According to the India Times, Sant Seechewal’s works don’t stop there. He has also been involved in setting up schools, technical centers and degree colleges, and also works toward eradicating poverty, ignorance, superstition, and atrocities against women.

A crusader for the environment, Sant Seechewal has established plant nurseries at Seechewal and Sultanpur Lodhi where one lakh plants are distributed annually, free of cost.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
56862,"Over one year after 21-year-old Megan Rondini committed suicide, a new report is giving insight into the abuse she experienced at the hands of the wealthy man who allegedly raped her and the police who covered it up.

When Rondini was found dead on Feb. 26, 2016, the only note she was accompanied by was an intake form for SMU’s mental health center, in which she revealed that she thought she was “better off dead” more than half of the time, and she listed her major life crises as “Raped, bullied by police, changed university,” according to a report from Buzzfeed.

Just one year before she ended her life, Rondini was attending the University of Alabama on an honors scholarship. She had a 3.8 GPA, she was part of a coveted MBA program, and she was working after class at a lab studying Alzheimer’s disease.

However, all of that changed in July 2015, when Rondini accepted a ride home from one of the wealthiest men in Tuscaloosa. T.J. Bunn Jr. or “Sweet T” is a member of the ST Bunn Construction family. His father and the owner of the company, Terry Bunn, is listed as one of the most influential men in Alabama, in addition to being “an influential University of Alabama donor and supporter.”

Advertisment

When Rondini reported her encounter with “Sweet T” to the police, she did so after escaping from his mansion, going to the hospital for a forensic exam, and then arriving at the police station in the middle of the night, according to the report from Buzzfeed.

“The 34-year-old later told authorities he offered 20-year-old Megan a ride home because he and a friend saw her leaving downtown Tuscaloosa alone. Megan couldn’t remember how she ended up in Sweet T’s white Mercedes on the way to his ornate mansion … But, Megan later told police, she was sober enough by the time he pointed her toward his bedroom to know she didn’t want to have sex with him—and, she said, Sweet T should’ve known it, too.”

Alabama’s rape law states that the victim must be an individual who “engages in sexual intercourse with a member of the opposite sex by forcible compulsion,” or who is “incapable of consent by reason of being physically helpless or mentally incapacitated.”

Buzzfeed reported that because the investigator who interviewed Rondini “quickly decided she hadn’t fought back against Bunn—she hadn’t ‘kicked him or hit him,’” the investigation concluded that “no rape occurred,” and the investigator then began “building a case against Megan, questioning her for multiple crimes she wasn’t even aware she had committed.”

“She did everything that she could to protect herself and to get help,” Megan’s father, Mike Rondini, told Buzzfeed. “She should have gotten that help, and she didn’t. That is a failure on everybody’s part.”

The report also noted that in Tuscaloosa, all sexual offense cases are handled by a multi-agency homicide department, and it is up to a grand jury to decide if the cases move forward.

However, according to the captain of Tuscaloosa’s homicide department, up to 50 percent of all reported sexual assaults are labeled “special inquiry,” which means that “the victim does not know what or if anything happened” and the investigators don’t think the accusations will result in criminal charges.

“As of February, only 10 cases out of 98 sexual assault reports in 2016 were heard by a grand jury, and 12 out of 124 from 2015. (Those numbers don’t include a few dozen cases that are still pending.) The county district attorney’s office couldn’t say how many sexual assault cases in Tuscaloosa led to formal charges, because it did not begin using a computerized tracking program until late last year.”

Instead of taking her allegations seriously, investigators picked apart Rondini’s story. She claimed that after Bunn forced her to have sex with him, he passed out, and she couldn’t get out of his room. She said she tried to escape from the second-story window, but then couldn’t find her keys, and went on a frantic search that included taking a gun she found in Bunn’s car because she was leaving the house in the middle of the night, alone. The part about Rondini taking the gun was the part investigator Adam Jones seemed intent to focus on.

“Before I ask you any questions, you got any reasoning behind why you did what you did?” Jones said. “What do you mean?” Rondini said. “I just need you to tell me, once we get into the questioning, what your reasoning was about why you did these things,” he said. “I was never going to hurt anybody with it,” Rondini said, crying. “I got it just to protect myself but I don’t eat meat, I could never kill anything, even if it came to that point I wouldn’t have been able to use it on a person.” Eventually, Jones returned to Rondini’s rape allegations. “Based on your statements to me, you said that you never resisted him,” he said. “I did resist him,” Rondini said, listing the ways she did, from repeatedly telling Bunn she wanted to leave to turning away when he kissed her. “I wanted to go home,” she said. “He didn’t take me home.” “Look at it from my side,” Jones replied calmly. “You never kicked him or hit him or tried to resist him.”

Ultimately, with help from the Tuscaloosa police, Rondini never filed charges, and Bunn was never held accountable. Rondini left Tuscaloosa and transferred to SMU at the end of the fall 2015 semester, before taking her own life in early 2016.

Following the release of Buzzfeed’s report, the Bunn family was quick to release a statement, claiming that the report “distorted or disregarded matters of fact.”

“While a police investigation found no evidence of sexual assault, the young woman admitted to acts that subjected her to possible criminal prosecution,” the statement from the Bunn family said. “At one point, the young woman’s family took steps to bring civil action against various parties who are the targets of these unfounded accusations. Such action would undoubtedly include demands for financial compensation.”

The University of Alabama also released a statement, insisting that the recent news accounts “do not tell the full story.”

“Information published by news outlets this week has unfortunately ignored some significant facts,” the statement from UA said. “When Megan went to the hospital, a University advocate met her at the hospital to provide support and stayed with her throughout the examination process.”

The Rondini family’s lawyer, Leroy Maxwell Jr., told AL.com that the family is planning to file a federal Title IX complaint against the University of Alabama by the end of June.

“Megan was loved by everyone who came in contact with her. Her loss is everyone’s loss,” Maxwell said. “Title IX, the University of Alabama, the Tuscaloosa Sheriff’s department and the overall judicial system in Tuscaloosa let her down on every level. Through litigation our firm is committed to doing everything in our power to shine a light on Tuscaloosa’s systemic problem with sexual assault.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95217,"Blair County, PA — A man from central Pennsylvania was kidnapped by police and deprived of his rights for doing nothing more than hanging an American flag upside down on his own property. Joshua Brubaker has since settled a civil rights lawsuit against the city for more than $$55,000.

The Altoona Mirror reports Friday that supervisors in Allegheny Township, Blair County, have approved letting their insurance company pay the money to Joshua Brubaker.

In May of 2014, Brubaker said he was standing up for his American Indian heritage when he hung the upside down flag outside of his home with the letters AIM spray painted on it. AIM stands for American Indian Movement.

The flag was to protest the plans to route the proposed Keystone Pipeline through the site of the Wounded Knee confrontation in South Dakota.

Brubaker had harmed no one and was merely exercising his 1st Amendment right to free speech when the Allegheny Township police descended on his home.

Advertisment

“I was offended by it when I first saw it. I had an individual stop here at the station, a female, who was in the military and she was very offended by it.” said Allegheny Township police Assistant Chief L.J. Berg.

Berg took down the flag and charged Brubaker with desecration and insults to the American Flag.

According to WPXI, Brubaker defended his actions after his arrest, “I found that Wounded Knee is up for sale. Not only privately, but commercially. It’s just not right, and simply because I express myself in a way that somebody else doesn’t like or agree with doesn’t mean I should be persecuted for having beliefs.”

Luckily for Brubaker, a judge would later dismiss all the charges against him. The township has since advised its police to stop enforcing the state’s tyrannical and 1st Amendment-violating flag desecration laws.

“If I don’t have a right to fly that flag upside down, which means a sign of distress, which this country is in so much distress right now, then what’s the point of having it?” Brubaker asked

However, the 1st Amendment hating police department said that there were other ways he could’ve expressed himself, other than “Defacing a symbol so many have fought hard to protect.”

“People have made too many sacrifices to protect the flag and to have this happen in my community, I’m not happy with that,” Berg said.

Apparently, Chief Berg and the other oppressive neighbors, haven’t seen the many veterans and active duty military in this country flying their flags upside down.

To be offended is to take the first step in being a totalitarian megalomaniac. Acting on that offense with state force is the epitome of intolerance and tyranny.

To be offended by what someone else says is your own choice, as you don’t have to care about what other people think, and nothing has happened to you. Information merely passed from their mind to yours.

To state that you are offended means that you wish the person hadn’t said it and won’t say anything similar again. In other words, you actually want to stop certain information from being communicated.

You must believe that you have some sort of right to dictate not only what people can and can’t communicate, but what they can and can’t think.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96793,"Yazoo City, MS — A cop in Yazoo, Mississippi, has an apparent affinity with livestreaming his dereliction of duty to Facebook. Clearly having no forethought about any chance of being caught in his unprofessional — and illegal — acts, this cop appears to love the attention he gets from bragging about his dirty police work to his Facebook fans.

The disturbing video of the two officers starts out with them bragging about killing a dog. The officer who is doing the livestreaming, Officer Facebook Live, is apparently so hungry for likes and shares that he could not care less about bragging to the public about him and his partner’s puppycide.

“Man, we shot the shit outta somebody’s dog,” Officer Facebook Live callously says as he turns the camera to his partner for confirmation.

“Yeah, that’s right,” says his partner in uniform.

“It ran to him, ruff ruff ruff, pow pow pow pow pow, like damn…..’Shots fired! Shots fired!'” the cop brags.

So caught up in the moment bragging about their puppycide, the uniformed officer continues talking about it even after his buddy moves to another subject.

Advertisment

“Pop, pop, pop, pop! I shot him four damn times and that sucker was like,” he then made sounds to mimic the dying dog as they both laughed.

Apparently, his viewers were so upset at the notion of laughing at dog killings that they began telling him to talk about geese. Pandering to his audience, he did. However, that was short-lived.

After a few minutes of nearly incomprehensible jabbering over geese, the cops then began to brag about their tactical gear which they say is for “ass whoopins.'”

“See that right there? My boy got a whole shelf in there. Thems right there, them are some ass whoopin gloves. Knuckles on the gloves!” the derelict cop brags.

Apparently becoming bored about just talking about beating people up, the pair decides that it is now time to begin pulling random people over. And, just like that, they decide to seek out an unwitting motorist and target them for revenue collection.

After a brief spat of dancing and rapping, the cop filming says to his partner, “Hey yo, let’s go pull somebody over. I wanna pull somebody over.”

So, the two ‘model police officers’ get in the car to find their next victim.

In what seems to be a reference to a hot spot, the cop agrees with his partner about going to a certain area, and notes, “oh, you’ll fuck em up over there.”

The duo then pulls over a car and film themselves in some selfie version of Cops.

The attention starved cop then begs his viewers for more hearts and tells them if they stop liking his video, he will turn it off. Shortly after, the video ends.

One would think that after publicly broadcasting video of yourself in such an unprofessional manner, you may be more reluctant about doing it a second time. For most people, that may be true — but not for officer Facebook live.

In his next video, however, this Yazoo police officer would film himself breaking the law.

In 2015, the Mississippi Legislature passed House Bill 389, banning texting and posting to social media while driving. Not only was officer Facebook Live breaking the law and filming himself doing it — he was on duty and in his patrol car.

What these videos illustrate is a glaring ‘above the law’ attitude of many police officers. The officer, who is ostensibly tasked with upholding the law, is so detached from reality that streaming himself breaking the law didn’t even cross his mind as a bad idea.

The Free Thought Project has sent these videos to the Yazoo City police department, but we’ve yet to receive a reply.

Here is their Facebook page too, if you would like to peacefully let them know how you feel.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95587,"Columbia, MO — Andrea Brookins was several months pregnant last month when her teenage son had a run-in with the Columbia Police Department. Concerned for the welfare of her son, Brookins attempted to film his arrest. For practicing her First Amendment right to film police, Brookins, pregnant and harmless, was assaulted and arrested.

Both the assault and arrest were captured on video.

As the first video starts, Columbia Police Department Sergeant Roger Schlude charges Brookins and demands she “get back!” Schlude then proceeds to physically assault the petite pregnant mother — for filming.

“They keep saying they want better for our youth and they want to fix our community,” Brookins said. “It starts with our youth. You can’t pull guns and belittle the kids and then wonder why they won’t pull over for you guys or why they have no respect for you guys. Respect is earned.”

Advertisment

After she was assaulted by a public servant, Brookins was then arrested for Obstructing a Government Operation and Resisting or Interfering with Arrest.

According to Citizens for Justice, a local activist group out of Columbia, the Boone County Prosecutor’s Office would later dismiss all charges against Brookins related to the arrest. Brookins believes her family is under attack from members of the Columbia Police Department and is working on collecting more evidence to support these claims.

“That’s why so many of our black children are in jail or penitentiaries,” Brookins stated. “That’s why there are less black men graduating and trying to be successful. This has to stop somewhere. People in Columbia, MO are more scared of the police department then the criminals on the streets.”

Brookins filed complaints on both situations, however, according to CFJ, Internal Affairs found no misconduct had occurred.

When Brookins attempted to file for the release of the body camera footage of this interaction, the department responded by trying to extort her. In response to an open records request for the reports and videos of these incidents, the Columbia Police Department demanded $$490.54, which Brookins believes is an exorbitant amount of money, and is being used to shield officers from accountability.

Below is the series of videos showing how dangerous it can be to practice one’s first Amendment right in a police state.

Video 1: Brookins filming her own assault.

Video 2: Different angle that recorded the officer’s assault on Brookins.

Video 3: Brookins arrested for practicing her free speech.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
49774,"(Common Dreams) — Putting a fine point on the spin that President Donald Trump’s trip to the Middle East has been a glowing, peace-dealing success, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross praised the fact that there were no protesters in Saudi Arabia—a nation where political dissonance is punishable by death.

Speaking to CNBC on Monday, Ross, who accompanied Trump on the weekend trip to Riyadh, said he found it “fascinating” that he did not see “a single hint of a protester anywhere there during the whole time we were there. Not one guy with a bad placard.”

In turn, “Squawk Box” host Becky Quick pointed out “that might be—not necessarily because they don’t have those feelings there—but because they control people and don’t allow them to come and express their feelings the same way we do here.”

“In theory, that could be true, but boy there was certainly no sign of it,” Ross responded. “There was not a single effort at any incursion. There wasn’t anything. The mood was a genuinely good mood.”

Advertisment

He also noted that the Saudi security guards “all wanted to pose for a big photo op” before he left, after which they gifted him “two gigantic bushels of dates.”

Watch below:

Wilbur Ross: “Fascinating” there were no protests in Saudi Arabia

CNBC: SA has strict govt controls

Ross: “In theory that could be true…” pic.twitter.com/zyyC70onuu — Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) May 22, 2017

The remarks immediately caught the ear of Middle East experts and other observers.

Bruce Riedel, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in the Center for Middle East Policy, told CNBC afterwards that Saudi Arabia is among the “most repressive” of free speech in the Middle East, adding: “Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy which forbids any political protest or any manifestation of dissent. It is also a police state that beheads opponents.”

Others took to social media to highlight how outrageous Ross’s statement was:

Ross also “touched” by gift of dates from Saudi security forces–who are involved in jailing dissidents, whipping bloggers, and beheadings. — Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) May 22, 2017

Not a single hint of a protester in Auschwitz, most days. https://t.co/a7DfOxyDus — Joyce Carol Oates (@JoyceCarolOates) May 22, 2017

The New York Magazine‘s Jonathan Chait wrote, “Ross is a superficial man, inexperienced in foreign affairs, and easily manipulated by symbolism.” However, Chait continued, “he also clearly looks at a society where, unlike the United States, he can sweep through his day without encountering any evidence of political discontent. And he sees in this something to admire.”

This is in keeping with Trump, of whom Chait observed: “Rather than hypocritically overlook the authoritarianism of our allies, he actually admires it.”

Similarly, the Washington Post‘s Philip Bump pointed out, “Few Americans have been as publicly vocal about their opposition to protests than Ross’s boss, President Trump. One of his first tweets as president-elect and one of his first tweets as president both focused on disparaging protests against him.”

Ross is the same administration official who described Trump’s bombing of Syria as “after dinner entertainment.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38697,"In an op-ed for the Baltimore Sun, two former, high-ranking intelligence officials tore apart the Obama administration’s vocal and as-yet unproven claim The Russians interfered with the U.S. election — and hacked systems of the Democratic establishment — to ensure a Donald Trump win.

However, as William Binney, former NSA official turned whistleblower, and Ray McGovern, veteran award-winning CIA officer turned political activist, explained, the utter lack of evidence presented by current intelligence officials to back up the allegations indicates the possibility none exists.

“The long anticipated Joint Analysis Report issued by the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI on Dec. 29 met widespread criticism in the technical community,” they wrote, referring to the sole public disclosure of putative evidence. “Worse still, some of the advice it offered led to a very alarmist false alarm about supposed Russian hacking into a Vermont electric power station.”

Deeming it watered down, “thin gruel,” Binney and McGovern excoriated the disclaimer-emblazoned report’s vapid claims, noting the deafening absence of comment from the NSA, CIA, and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper.

Advertisment

Notorious for disseminating disinformation, Clapper testified before the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday to defend the Russian meddling dogma amid promises a full report from several — but not all — agencies of the intelligence community.

Trusting a word Clapper utters is a game of Russian roulette — pun intended — as Binney and McGovern explained, considering he has a proven record of egregious lies leading to the deaths of millions of innocent people:

“When Pentagon favorites like Iraqi émigré Ahmed Chalabi plied U.S. intelligence with spurious ‘evidence’ on WMD in Iraq, Mr. Clapper was in position to suppress the findings of any imagery analyst who might have the temerity to report, for example, that the Iraqi ‘chemical weapons facility’ for which Mr. Chalabi provided the geographic coordinates was nothing of the kind. Mr. Clapper preferred to go by the Rumsfeldian dictum: ‘The absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.’ (It will be interesting to see if he tries that out on the president-elect Friday.)

“A year after the war began, Mr. Chalabi told the media, ‘We are heroes in error. As far as we’re concerned we’ve been entirely successful.’ By that time it was clear there were no WMD in Iraq. When Mr. Clapper was asked to explain, he opined, without adducing any evidence, that they probably were moved into Syria.”

Following that chain of events, arrant devastation first visited Iraq in the military conquest to depose Saddam Hussein — inaccurately portrayed in American corporate media and by U.S. officials for a brutal dictatorship and possessing the aforementioned weapons of mass destruction.

Clapper’s vacuous assertion said nonexistent WMDs found their way to Syria became a critical detail as the U.S. military is currently hell bent on repeating with President Bashar al-Assad the nefarious plot it attempted with Hussien.

Indeed, the head of U.S. Intelligence proffered flagrantly false statements to Congress in March, 2013, on the extent of the NSA’s domestic surveillance programs. When Edward Snowden blew the whistle just four months later — sending a sizable shockwave around the world — Clapper ate crow and apologized to the Senate for his “clearly erroneous” false testimony.

In short, Clapper’s testimony bemoaning Fake News, hackers, and, generally, The Russians, dangerously — and equally vacantly — echoes of WMDs.

Binney and McGovern, with award-winning and longtime careers in intelligence to bolster their case, note the glaring inconsistency in officials’ reliance on ‘circumstantial’ evidence — overwhelming or not — given the “NSA’s vacuum cleaner sucking up hard evidence galore.”

Until hard evidence comes to light, this narrative bears all the hallmarks of a fanciful, purposeful fabrication. Even Clapper’s claim Democratic systems were hacked and information then given to Wikileaks is strikingly threadbare, as the two veteran intelligence officers continue in detail:

“Hack: When someone in a remote location electronically penetrates operating systems, firewalls or other cyber-protection systems and then extracts data. Our own considerable experience, plus the rich detail revealed by Edward Snowden, persuades us that, with NSA’s formidable trace capability, it can identify both sender and recipient of any and all data crossing the network.

“Leak: When someone physically takes data out of an organization — on a thumb drive, for example — and gives it to someone else, as Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning did. Leaking is the only way such data can be copied and removed with no electronic trace.

“Because NSA can trace exactly where and how any ‘hacked’ emails from the Democratic National Committee or other servers were routed through the network, it is puzzling why NSA cannot produce hard evidence implicating the Russian government and WikiLeaks. Unless we are dealing with a leak from an insider, not a hack, as other reporting suggests. From a technical perspective alone, we are convinced that this is what happened.”

It’s time for Clapper and his devious ilk to provide unassailable evidence proving the dubious Russian election interference theory — preferably with substantive explanation for Russia’s motivation — before the U.S. government capriciously lies its way into yet another war.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104215,"Philadelphia, PA — Last year, two Philly cops were charged with the assault of a man after surveillance footage revealed the officers lied about the incident.

In spite of the laundry list of charges that Officers Kevin Robinson and Sean McKnight were facing and video evidence of their crimes, a jury somehow found them not guilty this week.

Aggravated Assault, Simple Assault, Criminal Conspiracy, Recklessly Endangering Another Person, Tampering with Public Records or Information, False Reports to Law Enforcement Authorities, Obstructing Administration of Law, and Official Oppression were some of those charges.

The charges were the result of an incident that happened in May of 2013 when the two officers pulled over 23-year-old Najee Rivera on his motor scooter.

Police say Rivera got scared of the officers and drove off. Both of the officers wrote in their official reports that Rivera fell off of his scooter and hit the pavement.

According to the officers’ account, Rivera resisted arrest, tried to grab a police baton, and that’s when one of the officers hit him in the face. Rivera was subsequently charged with resisting arrest and aggravated assault.

Advertisment

Their entire ‘official’ account of what happened was a lie.

Just prior to the case going to court, a surveillance video surfaced from a nearby store. Rivera’s girlfriend, who knew Rivera was innocent of the charges, finally found the video after a long search.

“The video undermined every aspect of the officers’ account of the incident. A grand jury found none of it was true except for the blows inflicted on Najee Rivera,” Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said in a press conference after the video was released. However, it apparently did not matter.

Williams said Rivera didn’t just fall off his scooter, but one of the officers can be seen on the video reaching out the window of the patrol car and clubbing Rivera in the head.

The patrol car, without sirens or lights flashing, smashed into the scooter and Rivera fell to the ground, both officers got out of the vehicle and repeatedly struck Rivera with their fists and baton.

“He never resisted. He never struck them. He never fought back. They just started hitting him,” Williams said.

Rivera can be heard in the video screaming for help. After he was severely beaten and bleeding, he was then handcuffed and left for several minutes as he lay in a pool of his own blood.

Rivera was subsequently hospitalized for a fractured orbital bone and a multitude of abrasions and lacerations to his head.

“Hopefully this case will show Philadelphians that our system here works,” said Williams in February of last year.

Unfortunately, all this shows the public is that cops can attack innocent people, beat them to a pulp, lie about it, get caught lying about it, have their lies shown to a court on video, and get off — scot free.

Rivera settled a civil lawsuit last year for $$200,000. However, most of it went to legal fees and medical bills. In December of last year, while he heroically defended a female friend, he was murdered.

“I’m disappointed … They’re supposed to protect our community, but now they can just give out a—-whuppings? I mean it was ridiculous. There was video, medical records,” his former girlfriend, Dina Scannapieco said. “All police officers are going to feel like it’s OK to use excessive force because this just shows them they’re going to get away with it.”

Sadly, Scannapieco is more than likely correct as this case could not have been more cut and dry. She even said that Rivera knew it was going to end up like this.

“He kind of knew that this was going to happen,” she said. “All he wanted was to get his job because they ruined his life. He knew that the cops were superior, and you can’t go up against them.”

After he had been beaten and falsely charged, Rivera was fired from his job at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. An online petition to get his job back garnered nearly 100,000 signatures but was unsuccessful.

As for the cops who ran him down, beat him, and falsely charged him — they’ll be back out on the streets with their badges and guns in no time.

“Yes, we will be bringing them back,” said Fraternal Order of Police Lodge #5 president John McNesby said via email.

Attention citizens of Philadelphia, watch out for these two public servants, interaction with them can be hazardous to your health.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38541,"Foster children in Missouri have been dangerously over-medicated with antipsychotic drugs — intended to treat conditions like bipolar disorder and schizophrenia — to manage behavioral disorders like attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, according to a new civil rights lawsuit, which instead effectively puts them in “a chemical straightjacket.”

“The sedative properties of the drugs are employed to sedate and control the difficult behaviors of children,” says attorney Bill Grimm of the National Center for Youth Law, which — together with the Saint Louis University School of Law Legal Clinic and the legal advocacy group Children’s Rights — brought the lawsuit June 12.

“Whenever a state takes a child into custody, there are certain obligation that arise to that child from the state,” such as the government’s duty to protect children’s health and safety, the attorney asserts.

Missouri’s Children’s Division, “has failed to meet its critical obligations and presently subjects [foster children represented] to physical and psychological harm and the unreasonable risk of such harm in violation of their federal constitutional and statutory rights,” the class-action suit contends.

Grimm laments the issue compounding due to flimsy recordkeeping, adding, according to Reason, “The caregivers don’t know in some instances what the medications are, what conditions they’re supposed to address for the child, what benefits they are supposed to provide to the child … They are operating in the dark.”

Advertisment

Over-medicating could induce children into being pliable and compliant, but the effects of providing youth with medicine intended to treat serious conditions — for behaviors not deemed as grave — can have deleterious effects on their health.

Foster children arriving in custodial care for the first time have been documented bringing prescriptions in paper bags or wrapped in tissue paper, according to the suit, minus crucial information on dosages and side effects — leaving foster parents in the dark about how to properly medicate children.

Reason elaborates, “One child was hospitalized for six days after she received the wrong dose of several psychotropic medications. Another was prescribed seven different psychotropic drugs at once, including three antipsychotics; as a result, the suit says, he developed tremors and required institutionalization.”

Missouri at least theoretically attempted to bring the problem of mis- and over-prescribing psychotropic medications to foster kids under control. Beginning in 2013, a “second opinion” program — in which a board-certified child psychologist commenced review of ten different children’s prescriptions to determine popular use — effectively ceased three years in, when “obtaining complete records from prescribers and health care providers was a difficult task and the review did not render sufficient or meaningful data.”

A study by the Government Accountability Office in 2012 found nearly one-fifth of foster children, 18 percent, were prescribed psychotropic medications — with those in group homes or residential treatment receiving those drugs at higher rates than their counterparts in individual homes or formal kin care situations — a figure which elucidated the urgency to determine efficacy.

Multiple states then enacted controls to stem the free flow of potentially dangerous medications to foster youth, Reason continues, “Washington established a requirement that any prescription of psychotropic drugs should receive a second opinion from a child psychiatrist. Florida requires informed consent from the kids’ legal guardians before the drugs can be administered. Texas has implemented a training program for child welfare workers and foster parents on alternatives to medication.”

Last year, according to the court filing, Missouri’s Department of Social Services acknowledged “many foster care children are prescribed multiple psychotropic medications without clear evidence of benefit and with inadequate safety data. The use of multiple medications (psychotropic or otherwise) creates the potential for serious drug interactions.”

Parties to the lawsuit allege foster children have been deprived of civil rights through the prescription of psychotropic drugs as a method of behavioral control — rather than for psychiatric and psychological needs.

Due to lack of oversight and mismanagement, foster children continue to face unnecessary and harmful effects of powerful medications — often meant for treating conditions for which many foster children have not been properly diagnosed.

Plaintiffs seek an overhaul of the current poorly-managed system, including improvements to oversight, sufficient maintenance and tracking of children’s medical records, revamped second opinion procedures, and — most imperatively for health and safety — a halt in prescriptions of heavy psychotropics for behavior control.

Medicating children into oblivion because Missouri or any other state finds a program unmanageable eviscerates their human rights and — considering protection of children comprises the fundamental purpose — makes a mockery of the foster program.

If the State remains unprepared to care for children taken from birth parents and placed in foster care, the premise of removal for safety is farcical at best.

However, prescribing weighty and unnecessary medications to foster kids for off-label use certainly accomplishes one goal — indefensibly astronomical profits flow unabated into the pharmaceutical industry’s apparently bottomless pockets.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88517,"Tokyo, Japan – Luxury automaker Lexus, a Toyota subsidiary, is taking the world Back to the Future with the announcement that they have created a working hoverboard prototype called SLIDE.

It has been nearly 25 years since the world was introduced to the concept of flying hoverboards in the second installment of the movie series, with Marty McFly attempting to evade Biff and his crew.

According to the Lexus website, the technology uses liquid nitrogen-cooled superconductors and magnets, giving the board “frictionless movement” and has already been used in Japan for a magnetic-levitation train, which set a new world speed record last year.

Advertisment

“It’s the perfect example of the amazing things that can be achieved when you combine technology, design and imagination,” said Mark Templin, executive vice president of Lexus International.

The project was developed by Lexus’s Amazing in Motion, a conceptual campaign to pursue and develop advanced technology and innovative designs.

“It’s very confidential information, but we have been studying the flying car in our most advanced R&D area,” Hiroyoshi Yoshiki, a managing officer in Toyota’s Technical Administration Group, said at the Bloomberg Next Big Thing Summit in Sausalito, California in June 2014. “Flying car means the car is just a little bit away from the road, so it doesn’t have any friction or resistance from the road.”

Testing of the prototype is to begin this summer in Barcelona, Spain.

It is important to note that the world has been scammed, twice, in regards to the hoverboard; both of these times by pro skater, Tony Hawk. The first time the world was duped, it was completely fake. The second time, the board actually hovered, but it was the same technology used in decades old desktop paper weight magnets. In other words, the board only operated over a specially designed surface that allowed the magnets to levitate the board.

This new board by Lexus appears to work over pavement as well, and not just the special metal tracks like before.

The amazing prototype is not yet for sale, but Lexus says it will be releasing more information in the future —specifically on Oct. 21, 2015, the day Doc, Marty and his girlfriend Jennifer went back to the future in the feature film.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90488,"Waddington, NY — A young woman travelling through an interior US Border Checkpoint in Waddington, New York Thursday was assaulted and arrested by border patrol for no reason.

Jess Cooke, 21, says she was driving through the checkpoint, when agents said she looked nervous. She was then routed over for a secondary inspection.

Knowing that the agents had no probable cause to search her vehicle, Cooke refused to consent to search. She was then told that she had to wait for a K-9 Unit to arrive before she could leave.

Being nervous is not probable cause nor reasonable suspicion for a search. While inconsistently answering questions may result in reasonable suspicion, it is unclear whether or not this happened prior to Cooke’s detainment.

Advertisment

Because Cooke had committed no crime she demanded to be let go. However, these agents were set on violating her rights.

The conversation between Cooke and the agents quickly escalated and Cooke was thrown to the ground by the male agent as the female agent deployed the taser.

Cooke said the taser was continually deployed until she stopped screaming. After handcuffing her, agents then illegally opened her trunk and searched her entire vehicle, according to Cooke.

The subsequent search turned up nothing.

This entire detainment was in spite of the U.S. Supreme Court ruling last month that should have prevented it. The ruling stated that police are not allowed to extend a citizen’s detention, during a normal traffic stop, while officers probe for evidence of crimes unrelated to the offense that prompted the initial stop.

They stopped her because she was nervous.

“I was cuffed for over an hour after being out in the Border Patrol car and then brought to the U.S. Customs station in Ogdensburg. I sat there for a good 3-4 hours and got sent home due to they couldn’t figure out what charges to put on me,” Cooke said in a written response to North Country Now.

Cooke told North Country Now that she received scrapes and cuts on her legs, back and chest. She said her wrists are also marked from the handcuffs.

Cooke holds a two-year degree in criminal justice and will graduate this Saturday for Law Enforcement Leadership from SUNY Canton. She had plans to pursue a career in Border Patrol, but due to the recent assault and unlawful arrest, she’s changed her mind, according to North Country Now.

Cooke says she is waiting to hear about possible charges regarding the struggle.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48258,"WikiLeaks has released what it dubbed the “holy grail of journalism”: full transcripts of three paid speeches that the Democratic presidential candidate gave to Goldman Sachs back in 2013. The transcripts were discovered in the trove of Hillary Clinton’s campaign chair’s leaked emails.

WikiLeaks obtained and released today an American journalism ""holy grail"" — Hillary Clinton's Goldman Sachs transcripts. Three of them. — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 16, 2016

The highlighted texts were taken from John Podesta’s hacked email account, and published by WikiLeaks along with the eighth batch of Clinton’s campaign chair’s emails.

Advertisment

The speeches were made at private events back in 2013 after Clinton had already left the State Department.

The transcripts were attached to a January 23, 2016 email titled “Goldman Sachs paid speeches” sent by top campaign aide Tony Carrk, who apparently marked potentially problematic passages should the speeches ever be made public.

Hillary’s alleged cozy relations with Wall Street have repeatedly fallen under fire during the US presidential race, with her Democratic rival and now-supporter Bernie Sanders urging Clinton to release transcripts. She has in turn promised to make them public if the Republican candidate Donald Trump releases his tax returns.

[divider style=”solid” top=”20″ bottom=”20″]

Goldman Sachs paid speeches

Goldman Sachs paid speeches

The 3 (I misspoke about 5 earlier) speeches to Goldman are attached with some parts highlighted. Below are some of the more noteworthy quotes. Here is the Politico story Mandy was referencing earlier http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2013/12/wall-street-white-house-republicans-lament-of-the-plutocrats-101047 *Clinton Said, With Dodd-Frank, There Was “A Need To Do Something Because For Political Reasons” Because Members Of Congress “Can’t Sit Idly By And Do Nothing.” *“And with political people, again, I would say the same thing, you know, there was a lot of complaining about Dodd-Frank, but there was also a need to do something because for political reasons, if you were an elected member of Congress and people in your constituency were losing jobs and shutting businesses and everybody in the press is saying it’s all the fault of Wall Street, you can’t sit idly by and do nothing, but what you do is really important.” [GS2, 10/24/13]

*Tim O’Neill Told Clinton “We Really Did Appreciate It” When She Had Been “Courageous In Some Respects To Associated With Wall Street And This Environment.” *“MR. O’NEILL: By the way, we really did appreciate when you were the senator from New York and your continued involvement in the issues (inaudible) to be courageous in some respects to associated with Wall Street and this environment. Thank you very much. SECRETARY CLINTON: Well, I don’t feel particularly courageous. I mean, if we’re going to be an effective, efficient economy, we need to have all part of that engine running well, and that includes Wall Street and Main Street. And there’s a big disconnect and a lot of confusion right now. So I’m not interested in, you know, turning the clock back or pointing fingers, but I am interested in trying to figure out how we come together to chart a better way forward and one that will restore confidence in, you know, small and medium-size businesses and consumers and begin to chip away at the unemployment rate. So it’s something that I, you know, if you’re a realist, you know that people have different roles to play in politics, economics, and this is an important role, but I do think that there has to be an understanding of how what happens here on Wall Street has such broad consequences not just for the domestic but the global economy, so more thought has to be given to the process and transactions and regulations so that we don’t kill or maim what works, but we concentrate on the most effective way of moving forward with the brainpower and the financial power that exists here.” [GS2, 10/24/13]

*Speaking About Financial Regulations, Clinton Said “The People That Know The Industry Better Than Anybody Are The People Who Work In The Industry.” *“There’s nothing magic about regulations, too much is bad, too little is bad. How do you get to the golden key, how do we figure out what works? And the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry.” [GS2, 10/24/13]

*Clinton Said “I Represented All Of You For Eight Years. I Had Great Relations And Worked So Close Together After 9/11 To Rebuild Downtown.” *“I represented all of you for eight years. I had great relations and worked so close together after 9/11 to rebuild downtown, and a lot of respect for the work you do and the people who do it, but I do — I think that when we talk about the regulators and the politicians, the economic consequences of bad decisions back in ’08, you know, were devastating, and they had repercussions throughout the world.” [GS2, 10/24/13]

*Clinton Said “Banks Are Not Doing What They Need To Do Because They’re Scared Of Regulations, They’re Scared Of The Other Shoe Dropping.” *“I mean, right now, there are so many places in our country where the banks are not doing what they need to do because they’re scared of regulations, they’re scared of the other shoe dropping, they’re just plain scared, so credit is not flowing the way it needs to to restart economic growth. So people are, you know, a little — they’re still uncertain, and they’re uncertain both because they don’t know what might come next in terms of regulations, but they’re also uncertain because of changes in a global economy that we’re only beginning to take hold of.” [GS2, 10/24/13]

Source: RT",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38776,"New body cam footage released shows Dillion Taylor’s execution the moment he appears to be complying with officers orders to put his hands up, the District Attorney has ruled the shooting “justified”.

The family is “upset with my decision since they think that since he didn’t have a weapon, he shouldn’t have been shot.” County Attorney Sim Gill stated.

Just two days after the tragic killing of Michael Brown, which sparked global outrage and protest, another unarmed young man was executed by police in Salt Lake City. His name was Dillon Taylor, and he was just 20 years old.

Advertisment

On August 11, Taylor, his brother, and his cousin were exiting a 7-Eleven in an area where police were searching for a suspect who had allegedly been waving a gun around. These uninvolved young men allegedly matched the description.

When the three men exited the convenience store they were surrounded by officers and ordered to show their hands. Two of the men stopped and complied, Dillon Taylor, listening to music, kept walking.

Barely 40 seconds go by from the time Dillon is approached until he is shot by this trigger happy officer.

Police state that when ordered to stop and show his hands by Officer Bron Cruz, the killer cop who was following Taylor as he walked away, Taylor said, “No, fool.”, this is apparently punishable by death.

His brother and cousin maintain he was simply pulling up his pants.

The County Attorney states Taylor put his hands in his waistband, then lifted his shirt with one hand, while his other hand was “in a drawing motion,”. Interesting, seeing as how he was unarmed.

“He couldn’t hear them, so he just kept walking. Then … they had guns pointed at his face. That’s when he turned off the music,” Taylor’s brother Jerrail Taylor told the victim-blaming SLC Tribune. “I saw them point guns at my brother’s face, and I knew what was going to happen.”

One officer told Taylor to get on the ground, while another told him to put his hands on his head. “He got confused, he went to pull up his pants to get on the ground, and they shot him,” Jerrail Taylor said.

The SLC Tribune, parroting the police, reported that Taylor has had prior run-in’s with the law, although even the police admit that the officer did not know this and it was unrelated. Trying to portray victims as villains is a shameful tactic used far too frequently.

They also report he was intoxicated, with a blood alcohol content of .18, which may explain his confusion and poor judgement when reacting to the situation. It is important to remember, however, that this man had committed no crime, aside from underage drinking, and was not driving when the incident occurred. These young men had simply gone to the store to purchase drinks.

Taylor was shot in the chest and abdomen, his body was then handcuffed before he would receive any medical attention.

The police-apologist SLC Tribune has footage of this, but has decided to withhold it claiming it is too graphic. Based on their extremely despicable reporting however, it would be a safe bet to say that the footage likely just makes their beloved officers look bad.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88294,"This is the story of how a simple act of kindness, one boy helping out another boy that was being bullied, turned out to be so much more.

Image Credit

One day, when I was a freshman in high school, I saw a kid from my class was walking home from school. His name was Kyle. It looked like he was carrying all of his books. I thought to myself, “Why would anyone bring home all his books on a Friday? He must really be a nerd.”

I had quite a weekend planned (parties and a football game with my friends tomorrow afternoon), so I shrugged my shoulders and went on.

Advertisment

As I was walking, I saw a bunch of kids running toward him. They ran at him, knocking all his books out of his arms and tripping him so he landed in the dirt. His glasses went flying, and I saw them land in the grass about ten feet from him … He looked up and I saw this terrible sadness in his eyes.

My heart went out to him. So, I jogged over to him as he crawled around looking for his glasses, and I saw a tear in his eye. As I handed him his glasses, I said, “Those guys are jerks. They really should get lives.”

He looked at me and said, “Hey thanks!” There was a big smile on his face. It was one of those smiles that showed real gratitude.

I helped him pick up his books, and asked him where he lived. As it turned out, he lived near me, so I asked him why I had never seen him before. He said he had gone to private school before now. I would have never hung out with a private school kid before. We talked all the way home, and I carried some of his books. He turned out to be a pretty cool kid. I asked him if he wanted to play a little football with my friends. He said yes.

We hung out all weekend and the more I got to know Kyle, the more I liked him, and my friends thought the same of him. Monday morning came and there was Kyle with the huge stack of books again. I stopped him and said, “Boy, you are gonna really build some serious muscles with this pile of books every day!” He just laughed and handed me half the books.

Over the next four years, Kyle and I became best friends. When we were seniors we began to think about college. Kyle decided on Georgetown and I was going to Duke. I knew that we would always be friends, that the miles would never be a problem.

He was going to be a doctor and I was going for business on a football scholarship. Kyle was valedictorian of our class. I teased him all the time about being a nerd. He had to prepare a speech for graduation. I was so glad it wasn’t me having to get up there and speak.

Graduation day, I saw Kyle. I could see that he was nervous about his speech. So, I smacked him on the back and said, “Hey, you’ll be great!”

He looked at me with one of those looks (the really grateful one) and smiled …. “Thanks,” he said.

As he started his speech, he cleared his throat, and began, “Graduation is a time to thank those who helped you make it through those tough years. Your parents, your teachers, your siblings, maybe a coach, but mostly your friends. I am here to tell all of you that being a friend to someone is the best gift you can give them. I am going to tell you a story.”

I just looked at my friend with disbelief as he told the first day we met. He had planned to kill himself over the weekend. He talked of how he had cleaned out his locker so his Mom wouldn’t have to do it later and was carrying his stuff home.

He looked hard at me and gave me a little smile. “Thankfully, someone took the time to talk to me. My friend saved me from doing the unspeakable.”

I heard the gasp go through the crowd as this boy told us all about his weakest moment. I saw his Mom and Dad looking at me and smiling that same grateful smile. Not until that moment did I realize its depth.

Never underestimate the power of your actions. With one small gesture you can change a person’s life. For better or for worse. We are put in each other’s lives to impact one another in some way. It is our choice whether that impact is good or bad. I hope you will always choose good.

Source.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90499,"Hull, MA — David Maglio, 35, and Erika Zerkel, 38, had their home invaded by heavily armed militarized agents of the state this week. They were both arrested and thrown in jail for, according to police, “operating a sophisticated marijuana growing operation” in their home.

The language used by police in this incident is carefully chosen to mask the reality of the situation and to present themselves as heroes. If we look at the facts from an objective point of view, however, the police and the government become the villains and this couple the unwitting victims of a violent and brutal larceny scheme.

Maglio and Zerkel were not robbing people at gunpoint, they were not running a child sex-trafficking ring, nor were they presenting a danger to anyone around them whatsoever. No, they were merely gardeners, growing plants on their own property — plants which happen to cure and treat a plethora of diseases and conditions.

For being good gardeners, they were targeted by the state as a means of boosting government income. Once law enforcement realized the potential income associated with launching a militarized home invasion, kidnapping and subsequent theft of private property, a warrant was issued, and the couple was victimized.

Advertisment

According to NECN, investigators posed as utility workers so as not to tip off the couple when they raided the home. The SWAT team was brought in because Maglio was considered armed and dangerous.

Because they had firearms in their home, the militarized gear was justified as police were worried that this couple may attempt to thwart their home-invading robbers’ attack by fighting back. However, the couple clearly showed that they were not at all violent and were kidnapped without a round being fired.

To make matters worse, after the couple was arrested and charged with cultivating marijuana (oh the horror!), the police found out that Zerkel is pregnant and also charged them with reckless endangerment of a fetus.

Maglio is currently being held in the Hull Jail on an $$80,000 bail amount. Zerkel was released on personal recognizance bail.

The irony here is that this couple never endangered their unborn child. The only threat to this fetus — were the officers who kidnapped her parents for growing a plant that is already legal in some form in 23 states, including Massachusetts.

Raids like this one are carried out every hour of every day, all across America. The war on drugs lays waste to families, ruins lives, and fills corporatist prisons with otherwise entirely innocent people.

When will Americans wake up to reality? The only thing dangerous about cannabis is the fact that armed agents of the state will kick in your door, kidnap, cage, or kill you for possessing it.

Slowly, but surely, those who continue to enforce this prohibition are either realizing the error of their ways — or are being exposed as the repugnant criminals that they are for blindly following such immoral orders.

Sadly, however, none of the neighbors interviewed in the video below see this war from the right side. All of them infuriatingly side with the establishment and don’t see this couple as the victims.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
39844,"Police, Gov’t Insist They Had ‘Probable Cause’ to Arrest, Strip Search & Detain A Disabled Man in Psych Ward Based on His Slurred Speech, Unsteady Gait

RICHMOND, Va. (Rutherford Institute)— In response to a Fourth Amendment lawsuit filed by attorneys for The Rutherford Institute, government officials insist they had “probable cause” to arrest a 37-year-old disabled man, allegedly because of his slurred speech and unsteady gait. Gordon Goines, a resident of Waynesboro, Va., who suffers from a neurological condition similar to multiple sclerosis, was then strip searched by police, handcuffed to a table, diagnosed as having “mental health issues,” and subsequently locked up for five days in a mental health facility against his will and with no access to family and friends.

Advertisment

Disputing the assertions of the Valley Community Services Board (VCSB), one of its mental health screeners and three police officers, Rutherford Institute attorneys have asked the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals to reinstate Goines v. Valley Community Services Board, arguing that citizens have a clearly established right to be free from mental health seizures by government officials unless there is compelling evidence justifying seizure.

The Rutherford Institute’s reply brief in Goines v. VCSB is available at www.rutherford.org.

“By giving government officials the power to declare individuals mentally ill and detain them against their will without first ensuring that they are actually trained to identify such illness, the government has opened the door to a system in which involuntary detentions can be used to make people disappear,” said John W. Whitehead, president of The Rutherford Institute and author of Battlefield America: The War on the American People. “Indeed, government officials in the Cold War-era Soviet Union often used psychiatric hospitals as prisons in order to isolate political prisoners from the rest of society, discredit their ideas, and break them physically and mentally.”

Gordon Goines resides in Waynesboro and suffers from cerebellar ataxia, a neurological condition similar to multiple or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig’s disease. As a result, Goines has difficulty at times with his balance, causing him to walk unsteadily, speaks slowly and with a slur and has problems with fine motor skills. Goines has no cognitive impairment, is of above-average intelligence, and is acutely aware of what is happening around him. The complaint alleges that on May 15, 2014, Goines was having problems with his cable television reception, including disconnections and extremely loud line noise and signals, and called the cable company for assistance. A technician determined that a neighbor had spliced into Goines’ cable and recommended that Goines contact police about the theft. Goines walked across the street to the Waynesboro Police Dept. and reported the theft to one officer, who called on two other officers to follow Goines home and investigate his complaint. However, the first officer reported that Goines was having “mental health issues.” The officers then proceeded to question Goines about his “mental health issues.” Goines told them he did not have any mental health problems. The officers then asked Goines if he wanted to go talk to someone. Believing they meant about the cable theft, Goines told them he did. The officers then handcuffed him and transported Goines, who pleaded to be taken home, to Augusta County Medical Center. After he arrived, he was examined by an employee of VCSB who concluded that Goines suffered from a psychotic condition, and a petition for Goines’ involuntary detention was filed as a result.

According to the complaint, the VCSB screener was not a licensed medical professional, clinical psychologist, or social worker and so lacked the required training to diagnose mental disorders. The petition was granted and Goines was committed to Crossroads Mental Health Center and held against his will and without access to family and friends until May 20, 2014, when a subsequent hearing found that Goines had no mental illness and should not be confined. Affiliate attorney Jesse Baker, IV, is assisting The Rutherford Institute by representing Goines on appeal.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96248,"Mississippi County, MO — A Mississippi County, Missouri sheriff has been arrested following an investigation by the State Highway Patrol and the FBI. Attorney General Josh Hawley said the arrest of Corey Hutcheson, who authorities say is guilty of multiple felonies, is the result of two separate investigations.

According to KVFS News, “In the first complaint, Hutcheson faces seven counts of forgery, seven counts of tampering with computer data, and one count of notary misconduct. Hawley said Hutcheson is accused of using his position to illegally ping the cell phone of several members of the Missouri State Highway Patrol, former Mississippi County Sheriff Keith Moore, and Circuit Judge David Dolan.”

But Hutcheson’s crimes were not limited to spying on his colleagues. Apparently, the sheriff also used his position to bully other members of the community as retaliation for involving themselves with other members of his family.

Advertisment

KVFS writes, “In the second complaint, Hutcheson is charged with second-degree assault, first-degree robbery, and false declaration. Hutcheson is accused of handcuffing a 77-year-old woman with enough force that she had a heart attack. Hawley said that the victim was in the hospital for three days. Investigators said Hutcheson arrested the woman because she was in a civil dispute with one of his family members.”

Bully cops, as The Free Thought Project has reported on numerous occasions, often take down senior citizens with the same use of force they would attempt to take down a 20-year-old. Many times the senior citizens are left with broken bones and bruises and treated with an overall lack of respect. It’s conceivable if the elderly woman Hutcheson allegedly manhandled had passed away, he could potentially have been charged with manslaughter or murder as well.

As it stands, the now disgraced sheriff has been charged with: 2nd-degree assault, 1st-degree robbery, forgery, tampering with computer data, notary misconduct, and false declaration. He claimed the elderly woman had kidnapped one of his family members. He used those claims as the basis of his probable cause statement he later used to arrest the woman.

Hutcheson is out on bond, awaiting a trial which prosecutors say will continue. Oddly enough, he remains the sheriff of Mississippi County and will continue to carry said title until such time as the Attorney General makes any changes. In the meanwhile, the coroner briefly served as acting sheriff, until it was determined the Deputy Chief would assume the position.

Abuse of power is not uncommon within some sheriff’s offices across the country. As The Free Thought Project reported in late 2016, a police union president, Dominick Izzo, blew the whistle on his boss, Chief George Filenko of Round Lake Park, Illinois, for allegedly and knowingly helping to send and keep an innocent woman in prison, among many other charges.

After the county coroner made an appearance on 48 Hours, where he emphatically declared Melissa Calusinski’s innocence in the daycare death of a young child, the county arrested Coroner Thomas Rudd on forgery charges. Those charges are bogus, according to many sources close to the case.

It appears from our investigations into the case, anyone who dares to speak out against the authorities in Round Lake Park, Illinois immediately become the target of reprisals. In an April 2nd post, Izzo posted a picture of his former boss in an orange jumpsuit, shackled in chains. In the post, he said his motivations for doing so were, “to support good cops who are overshadowed by corrupt men who abuse their position and dishonor their oath to the pubic!” The Free Thought Project will continue to follow both cases closely and report on any new findings.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48263,"Establishment political corruption and election rigging have become so commonplace, the stunning collusion and fraud perpetrated by the Democratic National Committee this year — revealed in several document leaks — seemed virtually inconsequential to vast swaths of the voting public.

To some, however, the coordinated plot to install Hillary Clinton as the Democratic nominee constituted an unforgivable breach of faith, if not outright criminality — particularly since none of those involved will be held accountable. Despite this outrage, a parallel feeling of helplessness also settled in — after all, the disillusioned lamented, what could really be done to thwart such a blatant power-grab?

To those who believe such malfeasance is beyond resolve, perhaps a revisit to the Battle of Athens on its 70th anniversary will offer some perspective.

In 1946, war-weary GIs began to return from World War II battlefronts in Europe and Japan, ready to resume life in their sleepy Tennessee town. What they found, instead, infuriated them to the core. A power-hungry Democrat and his associates had since usurped local government and law enforcement, and had imposed a maniacal chokehold on the McMinn County town through extortive fines, excess laws, and arrests of anyone who opposed them.

While the soldiers were away fighting power-hungry foreign enemies in 1936, Paul Cantrell, a Democrat from a wealthy and prominent family, used that influence to win the position of sheriff. Though many Athens citizens strongly suspected Cantrell hadn’t been elected through entirely legal means, there appeared to be no way to challenge the results.

As the years passed, Cantrell and his deputies took full advantage of Tennessee law which gave the unscrupulous men a fee for each person arrested, jailed, and released. According to some accounts, the lawmen even pulled over buses that happened to pass through town, summarily arrested everyone on board for drunkenness — whether or not they actually were — in order to profit handily from their misfortune. But such arrests and fines required paperwork — which meant traceable money — and to some degree hindered the men’s ability to rake in cash.

Advertisment

“It was less troublesome to collect kickbacks for allowing roadhouses to operate openly,” American Heritage explained. “Cooperative owners would point out influential patrons. They were not bothered, but the rest were subject to shakedowns. Prostitution, liquor, and gambling grew so prevalent that it became common knowledge in Tennessee that Athens was ‘wide open.’”

Because Cantrell and his cronies faced only limited opposition, they thwarted subsequent elections by transporting ballot boxes from every precinct to the McMinn County Jail to be counted behind closed doors. Neutral elections observers became the ‘enemy’ and were frequently forcefully ejected from polling sites, if not arrested.

With nearly 10 percent of the town’s population fighting overseas, the beleaguered citizens didn’t feel there was much they could do to fight the nefarious political machine.

Cantrell eventually moved on to become a state senator, leaving Pat Mansfield to become his successor as sheriff — exactly as they had planned — but by the time soldiers were arriving home, Cantrell intended to resume his position as McMinn County Sheriff.

By 1946, most GIs had returned home to find the liberties and freedoms they assumed they’d fought for quashed by the succession of zealous sheriffs and their deputies, who made a racket of roughing up and arresting the former soldiers. But their profiteering scheme wasn’t exactly well-received.

Rather than accepting this iniquity, the GIs decided to remove the despised kleptocrats from power by running for office on a non-partisan platform. In response, Cantrell publicly accused the former soldiers of plotting to stuff ballot boxes in their favor — to which the GIs offered a $$1,000 reward for verifiable proof that no one ever collected. Fully aware of their opponent’s own ballot-stuffing, the military men employed car-mounted loudspeakers to roll through Athens repeating one of their popular campaign slogans: YOUR VOTE WILL BE COUNTED AS CAST.

On election day August 1, 1946, voters thronged to the polls in record numbers. Mansfield had bolstered his staff of deputies by hiring law enforcement from other cities and even other states. Now some 300 strong, the lawmen hawkishly guarded voting precincts — but rather than looking out for fraud, the men roughed up veterans serving as poll watchers and anyone else they considered troublemakers.

Legally-appointed GI representative, Walter Ellis, became the first person arrested by Mansfield’s goons, after he protested ‘irregularities’ observed in the courthouse precinct. Several others soon followed — all arrested without just cause.

But one of the worst incidents occurred when an elderly black farmer, Tom Gillespie, attempted to cast his vote. One of Cantrell’s badged thugs sneered at the old man, “Nigger, you can’t vote here,” and proceeded to punch him with brass knuckles. When Gillespie dropped his ballot and moved for the door, the goon shot him in the back.

Hearing the gunshot, crowds swarmed into the streets, and Mansfield responded by shutting down the precinct and positioning armed guards to prevent access.

Gillespie’s shooting and the sheriff’s actions enraged the veterans, and one of them shouted, “Let’s go get our guns!”

After the former soldiers retrieved pistols, shotguns, and various other weapons, throngs of citizens joined them in surrounding the county jail where at least 25 deputies had run for cover. The GIs began firing in an attempt to draw the errant lawmen out — but it wasn’t until around 4 a.m. that they finally surrendered.

Many called for the corrupt to be hanged, but ultimately they “were taken to the edge of town, tied to trees, stripped naked and told not to come back.”

They eagerly complied.

But even this showdown hadn’t stopped Cantrell — as he retained control of the precincts and had pulled ahead in the election — and thus ordered polling sites to close early.

One fed up veteran, Bill White, who had fought in the Pacific theater, grew more irate as the day wore on and decided to rally his compatriots to action.

“You call yourselves GIs,” he bellowed, “you go over there and fight for three of four years — you come back and you let a bunch of draft dodgers who stayed here where it was safe, and you were making it safe for them, push you around … If you people don’t stop this, and now is the time and place, you people wouldn’t make a pimple on a fighting GI’s ass. Get guns …”

White and several others proceeded to raid the National and State Guard armories and returned, heavily armed, to the jail where Cantrell and the few cronies he had left, remained barricaded inside. They demanded Cantrell exit with the ballot boxes, but were met by silence.

After unleashing an — ultimately ineffective — “barrage of gunfire” on the jail, the men procured “a healthy supply of dynamite,” which worked like a charm: Cantrell and his men promptly surrendered.

Astonishingly, despite all the gunfire, explosives, and brutal force, there were no casualties in the Battle of Athens — even Gillespie survived the gunshot to his back.

Cantrell unsurprisingly lost by a landslide, and the victorious GIs immediately began returning the ex-sheriff’s extorted fees to the grateful citizens — eventually returning order to the long-suffering town.

These events were extreme, and though this momentous victory of citizens over corrupt crony politicians proved something can, indeed, be done to fight establishment malfeasance, armed revolt certainly isn’t a realistic or justifiable option now. But other options, particularly when instituted on a large scale, could prove just as fruitful.

One of the most effective ways to vote doesn’t involve elections or polls at all — withdrawing your money from the corporatist system which funds and backs corrupt politicians can be a decisive method to show your intolerance of their policies. Hit politicians where it hurts them most — their wallets — by growing your own organic food, participating in barter and trade, or by either refusing to vote in national elections or opting instead for a third party candidate.

Be creative in refusing to validate the system that directly permits such corruption — and worse — to continue.

When the law becomes so twisted it allows criminals to operate with impunity, that law is little more than hollow ordinance. If working within the system to change it from the inside isn’t fruitful — think Bernie Sanders — perhaps it’s time to work outside it.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89450,"(RT) — Officials reportedly claim the Department of Justice is ready to file arrest charges against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Press advocates warn that if the US goes after the pro-transparency publisher, they could go after other news outlets as well.

On Thursday, CNN and the Washington Post cited unnamed US officials as having information that the US has prepared charges to make arrests related to WikiLeaks publishing tens of thousands of military documents leaked by Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning.

US admits it has charges to arrest Assange according to CNN https://t.co/qopTAaRbPc Contribute to his defense: https://t.co/77ASQfcNXt — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 20, 2017

CNN specifically reported WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has been living in a small room in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since 2012, was the subject of forthcoming arrest charges.

The Post reported multiple members of the WikiLeaks group were being targeted as prosecutors draft a memo laying out the charges. Possible charges include “conspiracy, theft of government property or violating the Espionage Act.” However, officials told the Post that the memo is still incomplete, and would need authorization from the highest levels of the Justice Department.

In recent months, the US hoped a new government in Ecuador would expel Assange from the embassy so he could be arrested. However, Ecuadorian President-elect Lenin Moreno, the apparent victor in the country’s recent election, has told Assange he can stay at the embassy under certain conditions.

Assange fears that leaving the embassy could his result in arrest by UK police and being extradited over an arrest warrant on rape allegations filed against him in Sweden.

Advertisment

Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked about the priority of dealing with the “scourge” of WikiLeaks at a press briefing on Thursday. Sessions said that the Justice Department considers his arrest a “priority.”

“This is a matter that’s gone beyond anything I’m aware of. We have professionals that have been in the security business of the United States for many years that are shocked by the number of leaks and some of them are quite serious,” Sessions said. “We’ve already begun to step up our efforts and whenever a case can be made, we will seek to put some people in jail.”

U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on bringing charges against Julian Assange pic.twitter.com/BudIEN2uK0https://t.co/LN04EvJ8FK — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 21, 2017

Last week, CIA director Mike Pompeo signaled he was going after Assange in a speech he gave at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, where he said WikiLeaks had “directed Chelsea Manning in her theft of specific secret information. And it overwhelmingly focuses on the United States while seeking support from anti-democratic countries and organizations.”

“It’s time to call our WikiLeaks for what it really is, a non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia,” Pompeo said.

Matthew Miller, a former DOJ spokesman, tweeted Thursday: “Unless they have found something new, there is no way to do this without prosecuting reporters. There’s a reason we didn’t go there.”

Unless they have found something new, there is no way to do this without prosecuting reporters. There’s a reason we didn’t go there. https://t.co/NHO4qlmxpW — Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) April 20, 2017

Barry Pollack, an attorney for Assange, claims that the Justice Department has not informed him of any of the potential charges.

“We’ve had no communication with the Department of Justice and they have not indicated to me that they have brought any charges against Mr. Assange,” Pollack said, according to CNN. “There’s no reason why WikiLeaks should be treated differently from any other publisher.”

In August last year, Pollack wrote to then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch demanding the DOJ drop its investigation and declare no pending criminal charges against Assange, according to WikiLeaks. The letter cited a January 2015 policy change within the DOJ, as well as the July 2016 public announcement by FBI Director James Comey that a criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton over the handling of classified information had concluded and no prosecution was recommended.

WikiLeaks lawyers to Loretta Lynch: ‘Clinton precedent’ requires closing DoJ case against WikiLeaks https://t.co/BMGhtHnQK6 — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) August 16, 2016

The new DOJ policy adopted in January 2015 barred the DOJ from seeking a grand jury indictment of a news media member, or filing information against such a person when the suspected crime was committed “in the course of, or arising out of, newsgathering activities” unless notice had been first provided to the Director of the Office of Public Affairs along with “the express authorization of the Attorney General.”

Pollack claimed in his letter that WikiLeaks published the leaks from 2010, because it believed they had news value. Proof of the claim, he said, was apparent in third-party media coverage of the revelations. Pollack denied any unlawful intent such as aiding enemies of the US.

In a recent Op-Ed published by the Washington Post, Assange said that the motive of WikiLeaks is “identical to that claimed by the New York Times and The Post — to publish newsworthy content.”

“Consistent with the U.S. Constitution, we publish material that we can confirm to be true irrespective of whether sources came by that truth legally or have the right to release it to the media. And we strive to mitigate legitimate concerns, for example by using redaction to protect the identities of at-risk intelligence agents,” Assange wrote.

Several First Amendment rights groups and news outlets have denounced the potential charges, saying that if they can go after WikiLeaks, they could go after journalists from other news organizations.

Prosecuting Wikileaks would set a dangerous precedent that the Trump administration would surely use to target other news organizations. https://t.co/mlih1bcyR1 — ACLU National (@ACLU) April 21, 2017

Journalists: You may loathe Wikileaks, but if they’re prosecuted you’re next. Wake up, right now. — Dan Gillmor (@dangillmor) April 20, 2017

This would be incredibly dangerous for press freedom & all reporters. I hope even WL’s harshest critics in the media will denounce this. https://t.co/7hho9gGmJ1 — Trevor Timm (@trevortimm) April 20, 2017

On Thursday, the WikiLeaks Twitter account tweeted that top French presidential candidates “all vowed to give Assange and/or Snowden citizenship or asylum.”

French presidential candidates Melenchon, Le Pen, Asselineau and Hamon have all vowed to give Assange and/or Snowden citizenship or asylum. — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 20, 2017

WikiLeaks also posted a link where donations can be made to the “Julian Assange Defense Fund,” a fund that was set up to cover the legal fees for Assange and other WikiLeaks staff.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55403,"“This is the most troubling and outrageous conduct I have seen in my 30 years at the Hall of Justice,” Adachi said.

San Francisco, Calif. – On Thursday, San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi held an impromptu press conference to make a shocking announcement. He announced that deputies at the city’s jail at the Hall of Justice were forcing inmates to participate in gladiator style combat against one another.

The deputies had been organizing the fights for their own entertainment, and then gambling on the bouts.

“I can only describe this an outrageously sadistic scenario,” said Adachi.

Four deputies were involved in organizing the fights, with the ringleader being Deputy Scott Neu, according to the city’s public defender. Neu was previously accused of forcing inmates to perform oral sex in 2006 case that was settled out of court.

Advertisment

According to the complaint, deputies would threaten inmates with beatings, pepper spray, handcuffing and even sexual assault if they didn’t participate in the fights.

Inmate Stanley Harris detailed the abuse in the complaint:

“…while I’m incarcerated, Deputy Neu made me fight another individual that we’re – we’re housed in the same tank. He made us fight. We had like two fights already. It’s like, uh, he would make us go to like a – like a (inaudible) to where nobody can see, and he would make us just wrestle and fight each other to his own entertainment.”

In a letter sent to Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi, Adachi requested,

“that you take immediate action and at a minimum, remove the deputies involved from any position where they have any contact with prisoners, including the clients they have harmed.”

Mirkarimi, speaking after Adachi, said he will request the U.S. Department of Justice perform an investigation to determine whether the department engages in a culture that promotes unlawful behavior from corrections officers, according to CBS 5.

“I do not accept any kind of culture within our county jail system that would resort to such barbaric or unlawful activity as these deputies have demonstrated,” said Mirkarimi.

The four deputies accused in the complaint, Neu, Eugene Jones, Clifford Chiba and Evan Staehely have all been suspended and reassigned pending the outcome of the investigation. Two of the inmates were moved to other jail facilities for fear of reprisal.

In typical police apologist fashion, Harry Stern, an attorney for the San Francisco Deputy Sheriff’s Association, the union representing deputies, told the Associated Press on Friday in an email that there “wasn’t a ring to be the leader of.”

Stern said in a statement that a deputy might have encouraged one inmate to work out and allowed two inmates to wrestle in order to settle a dispute about who was stronger, but that Adachi’s claims were exaggerated and the fighting was little more than horseplay.

“There was no betting,” said Stern. “The inmates were never forced to work out. They were never forced to fight.”

In spite of the denials by the Stern, this case highlights the abusive and vindictive nature of law enforcement that is too often allowed to go unchecked.

“I don’t know why he does it, but I just feel like he gets a kick out of it because I just see the look on his face,” said Ricardo Palikiko Garcia, one of the inmates who said he was forced to fight. “It looks like it brings him joy by doing this, while we’re suffering by what he’s doing.”

Had the accusations against Neu, made back in 2006 been treated more seriously, perhaps this particular incident could have been avoided.

“This is the most troubling and outrageous conduct I have seen in my 30 years at the Hall of Justice,” Adachi said.

Sadly, even if this particular incident could have been prevented, it still speaks volumes as to the systemic nature of the problems our current policing/incarceration paradigm our country faces.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89978,"Here’s a list of at least 75 times President Obama violated the Constitution and/or broke federal law during his presidency, which also doubles as a list of at least 75 reasons why Congress must impeach the president now:

1) Illegally armed Mexican drug cartels and ISIS militants

In Operation Fast and Furious, the Obama administration facilitated the sale of thousands of guns to Mexican drug cartels and stopped tracking those weapons once they crossed the border so the administration could later blame the Second Amendment.

“The Department of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives apparently ordered one of its own agents to purchase firearms with taxpayer money, and sell them directly to a Mexican drug cartel,” the New York Postreported. “Let that sink in: After months of pretending that ‘Fast and Furious’ was a botched surveillance operation of illegal gun-running spearheaded by the ATF and the US attorney’s office in Phoenix, it turns out that the government itself was selling guns to the bad guys.”

Even more shocking, President Obama authorized a shipment of guns to the Syrian opposition, a.k.a. ISIS-linked militants, on the exact same day he demanded more gun control in response to the Oregon shooting.

“…The President also emphasized to his team that the U.S. would continue to support the Syrian opposition as Russia enters the war-torn country,” CNN reported in October.

But virtually all of the rebels in Syria have pledged allegiance to the Islamic State since at least 2013.

“The Free Syrian Army and the Syrian National Council, the vaunted bulwarks of the moderate opposition, only really exist in hotel lobbies and the minds of Western diplomats,” journalist Ben Reynolds wrote in November. “There is simply no real separation between ‘moderate’ rebel groups and hardline Salafists allied with al-Qaeda.”

2) Attempting to shut down gun stores outside of law

In a classic case of criminal racketeering, the U.S. Department of Justice was pressuring banks to refuse service to gun stores in a program entitled Operation Choke Point.

Under the program started in 2014 if not before, the DOJ was attempting to shut down legal gun dealers by coercing financial institutions to close the bank and merchant accounts associated with their businesses.

In 2012, Bank of America told a gun company, McMillan Group International, that because the company was expanding into firearms manufacturing, the bank no longer wanted McMillan’s business.

“We have to assess the risk of doing business with a firearms-related industry,” the bank’s representative told operations director Kelly McMillan.

And not long after, BitPay, a U.S.-based bitcoin processor, likewise refused to do business with gun dealer Michael Cargill of Central Texas Gunworks due to a similar policy.

3) Spent tax dollars to re-settle illegals inside U.S.

U.S. Customs and Border Patrol has been purchasing bus tickets and vouchers for illegal immigrants in order to ship them deeper into the country at taxpayers’ expense, according to a McAllen, Texas city official.

“They’re not bringing them here, they’re bringing them to our bus terminals because that’s where the Border Patrol understands that they have transportation to go to the interior,” McAllen, Texas City Attorney Kevin Pagan said in an interview with Infowars. “So they’re dropping them off and it’s our understanding that they were dropped off with tickets or with vouchers for tickets, but it turns out that some of them tonight didn’t have their tickets or their vouchers for tickets, or like I said their buses are tomorrow, so they have no where to stay.”

Several months earlier, Obama ordered the Border Patrol to stand down from protecting the border and enforcing immigration laws.

“We are simply being ordered to stand down and stop tracking and trying to apprehend the criminals,” Shawn Moran, Vice President of the National Border Patrol Council, told Breitbart.

4) Using executive action to restrict Second Amendment

Obama decided to use his “pen and his phone” to enact gun control without Congressional approval.

“Without a Democratic majority in Congress, and faced with a GOP that is firmly against any form of gun control measures, Obama has repeatedly warned that he would act on his own,” Zero Hedge reported.

For one thing, Obama is attempting to require private sellers to conduct background checks.

“The action, officials explained, would include guidance on how the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives will now determine who is “engaged in the business” of selling firearms under federal law and, therefore, who is required to obtain a license to sell firearms,” the Washington Free Beacon reported.

Obama may also try and prevent people on the no-fly list from being able to purchase guns, which violates the Fifth Amendment’s guarantee of due process by allowing the government to deprive people of their rights based only on suspicion.

Additionally, numerous law-abiding Americans have been wrongly placed on the No-Fly list due to false information, clerical errors or political persecution.

“The U.S. government maintains a massive watchlist system that risks stigmatizing hundreds of thousands of people – including U.S. citizens – as terrorism suspects based on vague, overbroad, and often secret standards and evidence,” the ACLU reported. “The consequences of being placed on a government watchlist can be far-reaching; they can include questioning, harassment, or detention by authorities, or even an indefinite ban on air travel.”

5) Illegally targeted conservative groups via IRS

Obama’s IRS had illegally targeted conservative groups for additional “reviews” of their tax status applications.

Organizations with the phrases “tea party” or “patriot” in their names were singled out for harassment, such as requiring them to provide information about their family members, their social media posts and a list of donors.

Obama had met with a key IRS official who was involved in the targeting just two days before the key official told his colleagues how to target conservative groups. The Daily Caller reported:

The Obama appointee implicated in congressional testimony in the IRS targeting scandal met with President Obama in the White House two days before offering his colleagues a new set of advice on how to scrutinize tea party and conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status.

IRS chief counsel William Wilkins, who was named in House Oversight testimony by retiring IRS agent Carter Hull as one of his supervisors in the improper targeting of conservative groups, met with Obama in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on April 23, 2012. Wilkins’ boss, then-IRS commissioner Douglas Shulman, visited the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on April 24, 2012, according to White House visitor logs.

On April 25, 2012, Wilkins’ office sent the exempt organizations determinations unit “additional comments on the draft guidance” for approving or denying tea party tax-exempt applications, according to the IRS inspector general’s report.

During Obama’s first four years as President, IRS commissioner Douglas Shulman made 157 visits to the White House.

“This is more visits to the White House – by a very large margin – than any other cabinet member during Obama’s first term,” journalist Tim Brown revealed. “By comparison, during the four years that Mark Everson was IRS commissioner when Bush was president, Everson made only one visit to the White House.”

6) Secretly obtained phone records from Associated Press journalists

In May 2013, Associated Press reported:

The Justice Department secretly obtained two months of telephone records of reporters and editors for The Associated Press in what the news cooperative’s top executive called a “massive and unprecedented intrusion” into how news organizations gather the news.

The records obtained by the Justice Department listed outgoing calls for the work and personal phone numbers of individual reporters, general AP office numbers in New York, Washington and Hartford, Conn., and the main number for AP reporters in the House of Representatives press gallery, according to attorneys for the AP. It was not clear if the records also included incoming calls or the duration of calls.

In all, the government seized the records for more than 20 separate telephone lines assigned to AP and its journalists in April and May of 2012. The exact number of journalists who used the phone lines during that period is unknown but more than 100 journalists work in the offices where phone records were targeted, on a wide array of stories about government and other matters.

Obtaining these phone records required approval from former Attorney General Eric Holder.

7) Carried out military interventionism in Libya without Congressional approval

Obama violated the Constitution when he launched military operations inLibya without Congressional approval.

8) Expanded Bush’s unconstitutional government faith-based programs

Obama actually expanded the federal government’s faith based programs which had been started by President George W. Bush.

9) Supported Bush’s unconstitutional Patriot Act

Obama renewed the Patriot Act in 2011.

10) Agrees with Bush’s support of unconstitutional, indefinite detention of U.S. citizens without filing any charges

Advertisment

Obama signed an unconstitutional bill that gave the U.S. government the power to indefinitely detain U.S. citizens without any charges being filed or any trial taking place.

11) Supports unconstitutional, warrantless wiretapping

President Obama is a huge supporter of warrantless wiretapping.

12) Had four U.S. citizens killed without judicial process

Obama had four U.S. citizens killed without judicial process, to which then-U.S. Congressman Ron Paul (R-TX) said was an impeachable offense.

13) Ordered private company to fire 1,000 employees

After Boeing hired 1,000 new employees to work at its new factory in South Carolina in 2011, the Obama administration ordered the company to close it down because the factory was non-union.

14) Stole money from retired teachers and police officers

During the Chrysler bankruptcy, Obama violated the Fifth Amendment and more than 150 years of bankruptcy law by illegally treating secured creditors worse than unsecured creditors.

“Upsetting this fixed hierarchy among creditors is just an illegal taking of property from one group of creditors for the benefit of another, which should be struck down on both statutory and constitutional grounds,” according to Richard A. Epstein, a law professor at New York University School of Law.

15) Fired Inspector General for discovering that Obama’s friend had embezzled government funds

Obama fired Inspector General Gerald Walpin in 2009 after Walpin accused Sacramento mayor Kevin Johnson, an Obama supporter, of misusing AmeriCorps funding to pay for political activities.

Later on, a bipartisan group of 145 current and former public officials and legal scholars signed a letter stating Walpin’s firing was politically motivated.

16) Lied about letting people keep their health insurance

Before Obamacare was passed, Obama said:

“No matter how we reform health care, we will keep this promise to the American people… If you like your health care plan, you’ll be able to keep your health care plan, period. No one will take it away, no matter what.”

But once it was passed, the Congressional Budget Office said Obamacare would cause at least seven million people to lose their insurance.

17) Lied about the cost of Obamacare

Before Obamacare was passed, Obama promised:

“I will not sign a plan that adds one dime to our deficits – either now or in the future. I will not sign it if it adds one dime to the deficit, now or in the future, period. And to prove that I’m serious, there will be a provision in this plan that requires us to come forward with more spending cuts if the savings we promised don’t materialize.”

However, not long after Obama signed it, the Washington Post reported it would add over $$340 billion to the budget deficit over the next decade.

18) Gave tax dollars to campaign contributors and lobbyists, and falsely claimed the money was for “green energy”

In 2009 the Obama administration gave $$535 million to green-energy company Solyndra, claiming that it would create 4,000 new jobs, but the company soon went bankrupt.

It was later revealed the company’s executives had made substantialdonations to Obama’s campaign and that Solyndra executives had had many meetings with White House officials.

19) Had “off the record” meetings with lobbyists

In June 2010, the New York Times said the Obama administration officials had held hundreds of meetings with lobbyists at coffee houses near the White House to avoid the disclosure requirements for White House visitors.

20) Had armed SWAT agents raid a law-abiding guitar factory because it was owned by a Republican

President Obama had an armed SWAT team raid the Gibson guitar factory and seized guitars and other property from the factory – without any charges being filed.

Obama’s so-called justification for the raid was that Gibson had broken environmental laws from India regarding the imported wood that Gibson had been using, but C.F. Martin & Company, Gibsons’s competitor, had used the exact same imported wood.

The difference? Henry E. Juszkiewicz, the CEO of Gibson, was a Republicandonor, whereas Chris Martin IV, the CEO of Martin, was a Democraticdonor.

21) Ignored constitutional requirements for appointees

Late U.S. Senator Robert Byrd, a Democrat, expressed concerns that Obama’s dozens of czars appointed in 2009 might violate the U.S. Constitution because they were not approved by the U.S. Senate.

Another Democrat, U.S. Senator Russ Feingold, shared a similar sentiment.

22) Tried to outlaw family farms

The Obama administration wanted to eradicate family farms in 2012 by trying to prohibit farm children under 18 from working in various farm-related activities.

23) Auctioned off ambassadorship to the Netherlands

Obama nominated Timothy Broas to be U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands after Broas donated at least $$500,000 to Obama’s 2012 campaign.

24) Made the TSA even more abusive and ridiculous than it had been under Bush

Under the Obama administration, the TSA has been giving very invasive pat-downs on young children which would otherwise constitute child molestation.

25) Illegally demanded monetary payment for Freedom of Information Act request

The Obama administration demanded the Goldwater Institute pay nearly $$79,000 before it would share public records via the Freedom of Information Act.

26) Stole money from retired Delphi employees

Obama eliminated the pensions of 20,000 retired Delphi employees in 2009.

27) Used “off the books” funding for military interventionism

Anti-war activists who helped elect Obama accused him of using the same “off-the-books” funding as his predecessor George W. Bush when the president requested over $$83 billion from Congress for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.

28) Tried to silence criticism of auto-bailouts

The Obama administration pressured the Ford Motor Company to stop criticizing Obama’s bailouts of General Motors and Chrysler in a TV ad.

29) Tried to silence video on YouTube

Obama actually asked a Jewish singing group to take down its video from the Internet in 2011.

30) Illegally gave Obamacare exemptions to unions that supported the passage of Obamacare

Obama gave some of his favorite organizations an exemption from some Obamacare requirements.

Many of these organizations were unions that had supported the passage of Obamacare, but then afterwards wanted exemptions from the very same law they forced on everyone else.

The Constitution, however, requires the law to treat everyone as equals.

The Washington Times said of this:

“Selective enforcement of the law is the first sign of tyranny. A government empowered to determine arbitrarily who may operate outside the rule of law invariably embraces favoritism as friends, allies and those with the best-funded lobbyists are rewarded. Favoritism inevitably leads to corruption, and corruption invites extortion. Ultimately, the rule of law ceases to exist in any recognizable form, and what is left is tyranny.”

“The now-familiar monthly trickling down of new waivers is, at best, a tacit admission that Obamacare is a failure. So far, seven entire states and 1,372 businesses, unions and other institutions have received waivers from the law. The list includes the administration’s friends and allies and, of course, those who have the best lobbyists.”

“More than 50 percent of the Obamacare waiver beneficiaries are union members, which is striking because union members account for less than 12 percent of the American work force. The same unions that provided more than $$120 million to Democrats in the last two elections and, in many cases, openly campaigned in favor of the government takeover of your health care, now celebrate that Obamacare is not their problem.”

31) Defended Bush administration’s unconstitutional, unwarranted use of GPS device

The Obama administration opposed the U.S. Supreme Court for ruling against the Bush administration over the installation of a GPS tracking device on someone’s car without a warrant.

32) Was cited by nine states for committing 21 illegal acts

Attorneys General from nine states listed 21 illegal acts which had been committed by the Obama administration.

33) Tried to seize hotel because some of its customers had used illegal drugs

The Obama administration tried to shut down a mom-and-pop bed-and-breakfast because some if its guests had used illegal drugs.

34) Made recess appointments when Congress was not in recess

Obama violated the Constitution by making four recess appointments when Congress was not in recess in Jan. 2012.

A federal appeals court later ruled that Obama’s appointments had violated the Constitution.

35) Supports guns for himself and his wife, but opposes them for everyone else

President Obama signed a 2013 bill providing armed guards for himself and his wife for the rest of the lives.

But when Obama was an Illinois state senator in 2004, he voted againstcitizens keeping guns in their own homes to protect themselves and their families.

36) Approved giving 20 F-16 fighter jets to a Sharia dictatorship

Obama once gave 20 F-16 fighter jets to Egypt while it was under a Sharia dictatorship.

37) Violated the very same campaign finance laws that he claims to support

Obama’s 2012 campaign was fined $$375,000 by the Federal Election Commission for violating campaign finance laws.

38) Encouraged employers to switch their employees from full time to part time

The New York Times said Obamacare “sharply penalizes full-time employment in favor of part-time employment.”

In response to the employer mandate of Obamacare, many businesses and even colleges switched some of their employees from full time to part time.

Leaders of the Teamsters, UFCW, and UNITE-HERE penned a 2013 letter to Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi stating that Obamacare will “destroy the foundation of the 40 hour work week that is the backbone of the American middle class… the law creates an incentive for employers to keep employees’ work hours below 30 hours a week. Numerous employers have begun to cut workers’ hours to avoid this obligation.”

39) Had Freedom of Information Act record worse than Bush’s

when it came to honoring requests under the Freedom of Information Act, Obama’s record was far worse than that of George W. Bush.

40) Supports installation of hidden cameras on private property without a search warrant

Obama’s Justice Department once argued in favor of installing hidden cameras on private property without a search warrant.

41) Accepted illegal campaign contributions from foreign citizens

During an experiment, a non-U.S. citizen attempted to make two $$5 donations to both Obama’s campaign and Mitt Romney’s campaign.

While the Romney campaign rejected both donations, the Obama website accepted them cheerfully.

42) Lied about the Benghazi attack

After four U.S. citizens were killed in a terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya, in Sept. 2012, the Obama administration falsely claimed the attack was a spontaneous protest against an anti-Muslim video at YouTube.

Even more, the Obama administration took an entire week before it acknowledged the attacks as terrorism.

And although the Obama administration made a dozen revisions to its versions of the incident, then-White House Press Secretary Jay Carneyfalsely claimed that only a “single adjustment” had been made.

ABC News later published a complete list of all the changes to the White House talking points.

43) Complained to YouTube about an anti-Muslim video

The Obama administration actually phoned YouTube in 2012 to complain about an anti-Muslim video.

“It does make us nervous when the government throws its weight behind any requests for censorship,” Ben Wizner of the ACLU said.

44) Falsely said that Fast and Furious was started when Bush was President

Obama lied when he said Fast and Furious had “begun under the previous administration” in 2012.

Fast and Furious actually began around September 2009, months after Bush left office.

45) Illegally refused to fire Kathleen Sebelius after she violated campaign finance laws

Kathleen Sebelius, Obama’s Secretary of Health and Human Services, was caught violating campaign finance laws in 2012, but despite federal lawrequiring Obama to fire her over the illegal activity, he refused to do so.

46) Gave special access to people who raised or donated $$500,000

People who raised or donated at least $$500,000 to Organizing for Action, a pro-Obama political group, would be given “the privilege of attending quarterly meetings with the president, along with other meetings at the White House.”

47) Adopted harmful new restrictions on prescription painkillers – even though the House had already voted against them

The Obama administration ignored the House’s rejection of new restrictions on prescription painkillers by adopting them anyway.

48) Illegally refused to submit a budget on time during four of his first five years

Despite being legally required to submit a budget by the first Monday in February, Obama broke this law at least four times.

In contrast, since 1921, no President had missed this deadline more than once.

49) Fined UPS $$40 million because some of its customers had used UPS to ship illegal drugs

Obama forced UPS to pay $$40 million in 2013 because some of its customers had used the company to ship illegal drugs.

50) Added 20,000 extra pages to Obamacare without Congressional approval

After Obamacare was passed, Obama added 20,000 extra pages to it even though those extra pages were not voted on by Congress.

51) Waited until after the 2012 election to release unpopular Obamacare rules

The New York Times reported in 2013:

… even fervent supporters of the law admit that things are going worse than expected.

… the Obama administration didn’t want to release unpopular rules before the election.

Everything is turning out to be more complicated than originally envisioned.

A law that was very confusing has become mind-boggling… Americans are just going to be overwhelmed and befuddled. Many are just going to stay away, even if they are eligible for benefits.

52) Tried to rig federal auctions of radio spectrum space

The Obama administration was trying to rig federal auctions of radio spectrum space in a manner that would favor Sprint and T-Mobile over its competitors.

53) Put someone in jail for making an anti-Muslim video

Politico reported in 2013:

“Nakoula Basseley Nakoula deserves a place in American history. He is the first person in this country jailed for violating Islamic anti-blasphemy laws.”

“You won’t find that anywhere in the charges against him, of course. As a practical matter, though, everyone knows that Nakoula wouldn’t be in jail today if he hadn’t produced a video crudely lampooning the prophet Muhammad.”

“In the weeks after the attack on U.S. facilities in Benghazi that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens and three others, the Obama administration claimed the terrorist assault had been the outgrowth of a demonstration against the Nakoula video. The administration ran public service announcements in Pakistan featuring President Barack Obama saying the U.S. had nothing to do with it. In a speech at the United Nations around this time, the president declared – no doubt with Nakoula in mind – ‘The future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam.’”

54) Rewarded one of his biggest campaign fundraisers by nominating him for the ambassadorship to Canada

Obama nominated Bruce Heyman to be the ambassador to Canada in 2013after Heyman raised more than $$1 million for Obama.

55) Asked contractors to disclose their political donations before bidding on government contracts

Obama asked contractors to disclose their political donations before bidding on federal contracts in 2011.

56) Falsely accused a law abiding news reporter of being “an aider and abettor and/or co-conspirator” in a criminal investigation

The Obama administration falsely labeled Fox contributor James Rosen as “an aider and abettor and/or co-conspirator” in a criminal investigation when it applied for a warrant to read his emails.

The New York Times reported:

With the decision to label a Fox News television reporter a possible “co-conspirator” in a criminal investigation of a news leak, the Obama administration has moved beyond protecting government secrets to threatening fundamental freedoms of the press to gather news.

Leak investigations usually focus on the source, not the reporter. But, in this case, federal prosecutors also asked a federal judge for permission to examine Mr. Rosen’s personal e-mails, arguing that “there is probable cause to believe” Mr. Rosen is “an aider and abettor and/or co-conspirator” in the leak.

Though Mr. Rosen was not charged, the F.B.I. request for his e-mail account was granted secretly in late May 2010. The government was allowed to rummage through Mr. Rosen’s e-mails for at least 30 days.

The Washington Post also said:

The Rosen affair is as flagrant an assault on civil liberties as anything done by George W. Bush’s administration, and it uses technology to silence critics in a way Richard Nixon could only have dreamed of.

To treat a reporter as a criminal for doing his job – seeking out information the government doesn’t want made public – deprives Americans of the First Amendment freedom on which all other constitutional rights are based. Guns? Privacy? Due process? Equal protection? If you can’t speak out, you can’t defend those rights, either.

Beyond that, the administration’s actions shatter the president’s credibility and discourage allies who would otherwise defend the administration against bogus accusations such as those involving the Benghazi “talking points.” If the administration is spying on reporters and accusing them of criminality just for asking questions – well, who knows what else this crowd is capable of doing?

57) Asked Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate himself for lying under oath

U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder lied under oath when he said he had nothing to do with monitoring the emails of Fox reporter James Rosen, even though his own signature on the search warrant.

In response, Obama asked Holder to investigate himself!

58) Used Obamacare to illegally give the IRS additional powers without approval from Congress

The Washington Post reported in 2013:

[Obamacare] allows the Department of Health and Human Services to set up federal health exchanges in the holdout states. But the statute makes no mention of the IRS providing credits and subsidies through federal exchanges.

The IRS resolved this conundrum by denying its existence. In a May 2012 regulatory ruling, it asserted its own right to provide credits outside the state exchanges as the reasonable interpretation of an ambiguous law. But the language of the law is not ambiguous. And health scholars Jonathan Adler and Michael Cannon, in an exhaustive recent analysis, find no justification for the IRS’s ruling in the legislative history of Obamacare….

So: The IRS seized the authority to spend about $$800 billion over 10 years on benefits that were not authorized by Congress.

59) Illegally solicited donations from health insurers

In May 2013, Obama’s Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius illegally solicited donations from health insurers to help pay for Obamacare.

60) Proposed military interventionism in Syria

Obama proposed the U.S. oust the Syrian government in 2013 by military action.

61) Refused to fire or prosecute more than 1,000 IRS employees who illegally used their IRS credit cards for their own personal use

Obama refused to fire or prosecute more than 1,000 IRS employees illegally used their IRS credit cards for personal purchases.

62) Had the Secret Service visit a law abiding citizen who had criticized his policies on Twitter

Obama ordered the Secret Service to visit the home of Tom Francois, a law abiding citizen who had criticized Obama’s policies on Twitter in 2013.

The Secret Service later admitted that Francois had not made any threats against the president.

63) Had the IRS grant special, illegal favors for his brother’s so-called “charity”

The Daily Caller reported the IRS had taken the “unprecedented” step of approving a non-profit application within just one month from the Barack H. Obama Foundation, a so-called “charity” which was headed by Malik Obama, Barack Obama’s brother.

Additionally, the IRS illegally gave retroactive approval for the organization’s tax exempt status and had illegally solicited tax deductible donations even though it did not have legal approval to do so.

64) Illegally bypassed Congress to delay Obamacare’s employer mandate

In July 2013, Obama delayed the employer mandate part of Obamacare until January 2015, even though Congress set it to begin a year prior.

Obama effectively rewrote a law without approval from Congress, which is highly illegal.

65) Illegally forced 2,200 privately owned auto dealerships to close, which destroyed 120,000 jobs

Obama cost 120,000 people their jobs by illegally forced 2,200 privately owned auto dealerships to close in 2009.

66) Gave 23,994 tax refunds worth a total of $$46,378,040 to illegal aliens who all used the same address

The IRS gave nearly 24,000 tax refunds worth a total of nearly $$47 million to illegal aliens in 2011 using the same address in Atlanta, Ga.

67) Used tax money to pay federal employees to organize protests against George Zimmerman

Obama actually used tax money to pay federal employees to organizeprotests against George Zimmerman in 2012.

68) Illegally continued giving foreign aid to Egypt after it had a coup

The Obama administration said it would illegally continue giving foreign aid to Egypt after its coup.

69) Broke promise to end Bush’s surveillance of U.S. citizens who were not suspected of committing a crime

Obama lied when he said he would end Bush’s illegal surveillance of U.S. citizens not suspected of committing a crime.

70) Falsely guaranteed that people could keep their doctor

Before Obamacare was passed, Obama said:

“Here is a guarantee that I’ve made… If you’ve got a doctor that you like, you will be able to keep your doctor.”

This was a complete lie.

71) Illegally seized a privately owned gun from a law abiding citizen

After a jury found George Zimmerman not guilty, the Obama administrationannounced it would seize his gun anyway, a violation of both the double jeopardy clause of the U.S. Constitution and the Fifth Amendment.

72) Illegally prevented individual employees of small businesses from choosing their own plan during the first year of Obamacare

Obamacare requires that individual employees of small businesses be allowed to choose their own insurance plan during the first year of Obamacare, but the Obama administration kept them from doing so.

73) Illegally avoided enforcing the required income verification of people who receive subsidies for Obamacare exchanges

The Obama administration refuses to verify the income of people whoreceive subsidies for Obamacare exchanges.

74) Illegally delayed the caps on out of pocket health care payments without Congressional approval

Obama once again illegally rewrote Obamacare by delaying payment caps for one year.

75) Falsely said the NSA review was being conducted by an “independent” body</strong

Obama assigned National Intelligence Director James Clapper, who had falsely testified to Congress that the NSA was not collecting information on U.S. citizens, to establish an “independent” investigation of NSA surveillance.

The list doesn’t need to end at 75:

76) Nominated a telecommunications lobbyist and Obama fundraiser to head the FCC

Obama nominated former cable TV lobbyist and Obama fundraiser Tom Wheeler to head the FCC in 2013. Wheeler had previously been the head of the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, which is a lobbying organization for the cable TV industry.

77) Tried to violate defendants’ right to a fair trial

In August 2013, Reuters reported:

A secretive U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration unit is funneling information from intelligence intercepts, wiretaps, informants and a massive database of telephone records to authorities across the nation to help them launch criminal investigations of Americans.

Although these cases rarely involve national security issues, documents reviewed by Reuters show that law enforcement agents have been directed to conceal how such investigations truly begin – not only from defense lawyers but also sometimes from prosecutors and judges.

The undated documents show that federal agents are trained to “recreate” the investigative trail to effectively cover up where the information originated, a practice that some experts say violates a defendant’s Constitutional right to a fair trial. If defendants don’t know how an investigation began, they cannot know to ask to review potential sources of exculpatory evidence – information that could reveal entrapment, mistakes or biased witnesses.

78) Threatened internet service providers with contempt of court if they did not install surveillance software

The Obama administration had pressured internet service providers to install surveillance software in 2013 so that it could monitor internet traffic without a warrant, a clear violation of the Fourth Amendment.

The ISPs who refused were later threatened by the administration with contempt of court.

This list was compiled with help from Freedom Outpost’s Tim Brown.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
91124,"Cannes, France – Hollywood superstar Robert De Niro dropped a bombshell recently when he revealed that he is working on producing a documentary about the highly controversial topic of vaccines. However, he remained tight-lipped, noting that “when he talks about it, something happens,” seemingly implying that some power from above could potentially stifle his planned project.

In an interview with pop culture/entertainment site Vulture from the Cannes Film Festival on Friday, De Niro was asked about the controversy surrounding the planned screening of the documentary film “Vaxxed: From Catastrophe to Coverup” at his Tribeca Film Festival, and subsequent decision to not screen the film.

Advertisment

Well, what I learned, first of all, there was a big reaction, which I didn’t see coming, and it was from filmmakers — supposedly, I have yet to find out who it was. I wanted to just know who they were, because to me there was no reason not to see the movie. The movie is not hurting anybody. It says something. It said something to me that was valid. Maybe some things were inaccurate, but if the movie was 20 percent accurate, it was worth seeing. And they were saying it’s because of the filmmaker and he was discredited, but how was he discredited? By the medical establishment? There’s a lot going on that I still don’t understand, but it makes me question the whole thing, and the whole vaccine issue is a real one. It’s big money. So it did get attention. I was happy about that. And I talked about another movie called Trace Amounts that I saw and spoke about it a lot, that people should see it, and it’s there. Something is there with vaccines, because they’re not tested in some ways the way other medicines are, and they’re just taken for granted and mandated in some states. And people do get sick from it. Not everybody, but certain people are sensitive, like anything, penicillin.

When asked whether he would try and screen “Vaxxed” again if given the opportunity, De Niro said he wouldn’t be interested in doing so, but hinted that he and the mega-producer Harvey Weinstein were planning to create a new documentary film potentially focused on the massive financial incentives underpinning the vaccine manufacturing industry, as well as dubious ties between pharmaceutical companies and governmental agencies.

Yeah, and you always say, you’re not against vaccines, you’re against what they put in vaccines that can hurt certain people who are allergic. It can kill them sometimes. And there’s such an industry. There’s big, big money in vaccines that the CDC will put… …I’m working on something else. Harvey Weinstein and I are working on doing a documentary, but I don’t what to talk much about it, because when I talk about it, something happens. But that’s what we plan to try to do.

After “Vaxxed” was pulled from Tribeca, the Hollywood legend went on the Today show to defend his original stance of wanting to screen the documentary, noting that there was “no reason” to pull the film. The documentary was allegedly pulled due to threats from other filmmakers, which De Niro believed could negatively impact the film festival.

When Today host Willie Geist attempted to point out that there is an overwhelming amount of scientific research that has found no link between vaccines and autism, De Niro quickly responded.

“I believe it’s much more complicated than that. There is a link and they are saying there isn’t and there are…. other things there. I don’t know, I’m not a scientist but I know because I’ve seen so much reaction of just ‘let’s find out the truth.’”

De Niro went on to explain that he believes there is a potential link between autism and the ingredients in vaccines, highlighting a documentary called “Trace Amounts.” The film star pointed out that he isn’t anti-vaccine, but simply wants safe vaccines, noting that he is the father of an autistic child.

“I, as a parent of a child who has autism, am concerned. And I want to know the truth. And I’m not anti-vaccine; I want safe vaccines,” De Niro stated.

De Niro obviously realizes the power residing within the industry, as he pointed out that even talking about this conceptual project could make “something happen.” The vaccine industry has a vested financial interest in not allowing a broad public discussion to be had about vaccines. The “something happens” De Niro nebulously refers to would most likely consist of the large financial powers at the root of big pharma leaning on any movie studio bold enough to take on De Niro’s vaccine project — similarly to what happened to “Vaxxed” at Tribeca.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
92263,"A pipeline explosion that caused a large fire in Platte County, just north of Kansas City, on Tuesday evening, clearly revealed exactly why the water protectors at Standing Rock are standing up against the Dakota Access Pipeline.

The pipeline, operated by Mid-America Pipeline Company, thankfully ruptured in an isolated area near the Kansas City International Airport, causing a massive explosion and fire – but no injuries.

According to a report by KCTV-5:

Advertisment

Plumes of fire and heavy smoke were showing from the scene and lit up the sky from miles away. An hour after the fire started, it was still burning, but the flames had reduced significantly. The fire was burning itself out a short time later. A crew from Mid-America Pipeline Company came to shut off the valves so the pipelines’ mix of ethane and propane didn’t fuel the fire.

The pipeline explosion highlights exactly why thousands have shown up in Standing Rock to support the #NoDAPL movement.

While this pipeline explosion ruptured on private property in an isolated area, if a similar incident were to occur near the Missouri River, it would decimate the water supply of the Standing Rock reservation.

Exposing the highly unreliable nature of the fossil fuel infrastructure, Mid-America Pipeline Company’s parent company Enterprise Products Partners, at the end of October 2016, shut down its Seaway Crude Pipeline, a 400,000-barrel per day conduit, after an oil leak near Cushing, Oklahoma, but did not provide an estimate of the volume of oil spilled.

“Seaway personnel continue to make progress in cleaning up the spill, substantially all of which has been contained in a retention pond at Enbridge’s facility,” the company said in a press release. EPP noted that the pipeline is a “50/50 joint venture” between Enterprise and Enbridge Inc. Enbridge, in concert with Marathon Oil, hold roughly a 37 percent stake in the Dakota Access Pipeline.

“Vacuum trucks are being used to recover the crude oil and return it to storage tanks on-site,” the statement noted. “The impacted segment of the legacy pipeline has a capacity of 50,000 barrels,” the release added, “however the actual amount of crude oil released will be significantly less and won’t be determined until recovery efforts are complete.”

These hollow words by an energy company would offer little comfort to the Standing Rock Sioux if the DAPL were to leak poison into the tribe’s source of drinking water.

Mid-American Pipeline Company was fined $$1,242,000 in 2012 for an unspecified environmental violation. The cause of Tuesday evening’s explosion has yet to be determined but is under investigation.

Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and Native Americans and Indigenous peoples from over 200 tribes and their supporters fear that pipeline’s route — undercutting the Missouri River in several places — threatens to poison the tribal water supply and that of no less than 18 million others living downstream.

“Oil pipelines break, spill, and leak—it’s not a question of if, it’s a question of where and when,” 13-year-old Anna Lee Rain YellowHammer, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, wrote in a petition to stop the DAPL.

“With such a high chance that this pipeline will leak,” she wrote of the Enbridge-backed DAPL, “I can only guess that the oil industry keeps pushing for it because it doesn’t care about our health and safety. The industry seems to think our lives are more expendable than others’.”

It seems crazy that a 13-year-old can have a better understanding of reality than the proponents of the DAPL, but perhaps that is due to the fact that they have vested financial interest in seeing oil flow, while she cares solely about the health and safety of her family, friends, and neighbors.

This latest explosion only serves to highlight why there is such vehement public opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline. Please share this story as a wake-up call to all of the dangers inherent to building a pipeline under this vital source of drinking water for the Standing Rock Sioux!",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74464,"As most of the mainstream media moves on to report on bigger and better things like what silly thing Donald Trump tweeted today, some folks are still attempting to answer questions about what happened in Las Vegas. Apparently, the “nothing to see here” sentiment being pushed by both police and the media is enough to deter most from asking questions. However, some folks refuse to accept the narrative which has dramatically shifted multiple times since that fateful day on October 1.

Two important revelations have come out this week in regards to the alleged hero security guard, Jesus Campos. The first revelation is the fact that Campos—the key witness in the largest mass shooting in modern US history—was allowed to leave the country just days after he was shot.

According to Border Patrol documents obtained by Fox News, Campos was allowed to leave the country. His entry back into the United States from Mexico was recorded at the San Ysidro border crossing in California — one week after the mass shooting.

Exactly how long Campos was gone for is unclear as there is no record of him leaving, only coming back.

According to reports, Campos made this same trip in January.

Advertisment

As Tucker Carlson pointed out on FNC, Campos entered the U.S. at the same crossing in January of this year. At that time he was driving his own vehicle with Nevada plates. And yet, in this document from a little over two weeks ago, Campos was driving what appears to be a rental car with California plates.

This information raises a number of questions about the Las Vegas investigation and the crime itself. Jesus Campos is the only eye witness to the biggest mass shooting in modern American history. At the time he was in Mexico, the press was reporting that investigators thought Paddock, Stephen Paddock may have had an accomplice in these killings. Why did authorities allow Campos to leave the country just days after the shooting, while the investigation was still chaotic and of course ongoing? How did Campos who reportedly had a gunshot wound to the leg, from a high-powered rifle round, manage to travel to Mexico? Did he fly? Did he drive? Was his employer aware that he left the country? Were investigators aware? Did they facilitate the trip? What day did Campos get to Mexico? How was he able to drive back for hundreds of miles from the San Diego border back to Las Vegas? Why did he take a rental car instead of his own car?

According to the union that represents Campos, they claim the visit was planned prior to the shooting. However, the fact that a key witness was allowed to leave the country—only days or even hours after the shooting—raises serious questions.

As Carlson noted, ABC spoke to Campos on October 4th — Was he in Mexico when they talked to him? Did they know where he was when they talked to him? What do we actually know about Jesus Campos?

In another major revelation, Carlson’s producers called Nevada’s private investigator’s licensing board to inquire about the status of Campos’ license to be a security guard. As it turns out, Campos is not registered to work as a security guard.

In order to work as a security guard in the state of Nevada, you must first obtain your registration card from the State of Nevada’s Private Investigators Licensing Board — Campos never did this.

According to Security Guard Training HQ, no training is required before you apply for your registration card, however, there is an exam that you must take and submit with your application. All of the training you will receive will be directly from the private security company or other establishment that you get hired to work for, once again, after you obtain your registration card.

How was Campos working as a security guard when he wasn’t legally able to do so?

As Carlson noted:

Confused by this, we called the Clarke County Sheriff to find out what license is required to be a security guard at a Las Vegas casino. The sheriff’s office refused to tell us this. “Jesus Campos is a victim,” the spokesman said, “We don’t speak about victims.” Naturally we repeated the question. He became angry and started yelling and ultimately hung up on us, which raises the question, we won’t authorities answer basic questions about Jesus campos?

These are the hard questions that need answering. Sadly, however, the establishment praising media is already moving to ridicule and shame those who ask these questions.

Late Wednesday night, Media Matters put out the false narrative that Carlson is fueling a “wild conspiracy theory that Jesus Campos, victim of Mandalay Bay shooting, was an accomplice to Las Vegas shooter.”

He never said Campos was an accomplice, he only asked questions—exactly what the media is supposed to do.

It wasn’t just Media Matters either, Salon jumped on the bandwagon to bash those who ask questions and attempted to paint Carlson as a racist for being inquisitive.

“The whole segment Wednesday was rank of paranoia and further demonstrated Carlson’s ability to target a person of color in a story about the evils of old white men. This was just par for the course for Carlson, who has been called a pundit who has ‘white nationalist leanings,'” reported Salon.

It is not racist nor is it a conspiracy theory to question things. Those who would attempt to claim otherwise have no business calling themselves journalists as their actions do a disservice to seeking the truth — the very fabric of journalism.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103686,"Since an Alabama mine worker first alerted Colonial Pipeline officials to a massive rupture, more than a quarter million gallons of refined gasoline have poured into a waterway, threatening the environment and health of residents in Shelby County.

Colonial insists the spill has been contained in a mining retention pond and booms have been deployed to prevent the hazardous fossil fuel from escaping into a now-dry creek bed that connects the pond to Peel Creek.

According to the company’s website and local reports, at least 252,000 gallons, the equivalent of 6,000 barrels — notably, only an estimation — escaped from the pipeline, which runs from Houston to the south and eastern seaboard, and terminates in New York Harbor.

“There has been no threat to public health or safety,” Colonial stated on its website, “and the safety of our responders remains the top concern.”

Advertisment

Colonial’s Incident Command, comprised of over 500 employees and private contractors, have responded to the massive leak and are monitoring the situation.

Alabama Governor Robert Bentley and Georgia Governor Nathan Deal have both issued executive orders declaring states of emergency — not for threats to the environment and residents, but because the massive spill is expected to cause fuel shortages throughout the Southeast.

“Based on current projections and consultations with industry partners, parts of Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, North Carolina and South Carolina will be the first markets to be impacted by any potential disruption in supply,” Colonial stated.

As sterile a picture as Colonial and government officials presented the ginormous leak, the refined gasoline sullied the William R. Ireland Sr. Cahaba River Wildlife Management Area — forcing the Division of Wildlife and Freshwater Fisheries to close the space to the public until remediation can be completed.

Colonial spokesperson Bill Berry said the spill covered an area approximately two acres in size, but had only contaminated one of three retention ponds in the area.

“It’s not safe for our workers to recover much product off of the pond due to gasoline vapors,” Berry told local WBRC. “It’s a challenge for us to do much because the vapors are not at safe levels for human health. So that presents a challenge for us to say how much has been released.”

Pictures of the ruddy brown, contaminated mine water retention pond circulated widely by Friday, further angering those concerned about construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline far to the north. In fact, Native Americans from over 200 nations and tribes who have gathered in camps near Cannonball, North Dakota, to protest construction term themselves ‘water protectors’ as the pipeline could threaten pristine waters of the Missouri River — the source of drinking water for over 18 million people.

Although the water protectors and supporters have recently garnered negative attention, the Colonial spill — and countless others — potently evidence their concerns.

“You sit down for dinner and you watch the news and you see another spill with tens of thousands of gallons of oil and reports that no one is hurt or the leak is stopped and you know, just from experience, that’s probably not true,” Colette Pichon Battle, executive director of the Gulf Coast Center for Law and Policy, told ThinkProgress in May following an 88,200-gallon oil leak by Shell into the Gulf of Mexico. “Who is really going to be hit? It’s going to be our Native American communities that live on, and depend on, the coast.”

On September 5, 5,300 gallons of oil spilled into Barataria Bay in southeastern Louisiana, and flowed to a barrier island — which, ironically, was in the process of restoration from the 2010 BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill.

In June, some 700 barrels of oil spilled from a pipeline in Hall Canyon, California, initially threatening nearby beaches and wildlife. First reports estimated the spill had been much larger, but officials assured the public of the smaller quantity.

In 2011 and 2015, massive quantities of oil poured from leaks in ExxonMobile’s pipelines into the Yellowstone River, though, each time, the company insisted it “deeply” regretted the error.

Alabama’s latest Big Oil and Gas disaster will be downplayed by officials and quickly forgotten by those fortunate enough not to live closeby — but the fossil fuel industry’s inept record with transporting oil and gas across the country will continue.

Instead of criticizing the methods and tactics of water protectors in North Dakota, perhaps we all should be asking why we continue to depend on an industry directly threatening our dwindling freshwater stores. Cynicism and chastisement of activists looks awfully foolish when the subject of their outrage is the very life-sustaining water we all depend on.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104621,"What a sad day it is when people are in such a state of suspended disbelief that they have no idea about the history of one of the greatest activists of all time, Martin Luther Kin Jr..

This video, while funny, is highly disturbing.

Advertisment

The answer to this mass ignorance lies within us all. A yearning for a lesser ignorance cannot be forced upon someone. However, if you begin seeking a lesser ignorance on a personal basis, this will encourage those around you to do the same thing.

The advantage that we have on our side is that once a person is awake, they cannot go back to sleep, because you cannot ‘unsee’ corruption.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104100,"Japan — Radiation levels inside Fukushima Number 2 have reached astronomical levels — experts describe the 530 sieverts per hour as “unimaginable” — yet the political establishment and its corporate media mouthpiece insist on deeming those concerned about the catastrophe ‘conspiracy theorists.’

March 11, 2011, saw a massive undersea earthquake spawn an equally formidable tsunami, and — as the world watched in horror — the wall of water slammed into the Japanese coast, knocking Tokyo Electric Power Company-operated Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant offline.

Anyone who watched the cataclysmic situation unfold on live TV surmised the dire consequences of having situated a nuclear facility in one of the world’s most active fault zones — and on the Pacific coast — but the cost in radioactive impact of the disaster has yet to be fully assessed.

That, for one, concerns Tepco’s notorious penchant for underreporting and misrepresenting the fiasco that has been the cleanup effort; and, for another, the unrelenting campaign to label anyone rightly concerned about the extent of damage a tinfoil hat-wearing lunatic.

Both of those conditions must be resolved — particularly with the discovery of astonishing radiation levels present in the Number 2 reactor — because the world deserves the truth about the catastrophe and to not be denounced when expressing fears information about Fukushima might not be as innocuous as we’ve been told.

Advertisment

Officials at the nuclear plant had been preparing to dismantle the paralyzed facility when they found levels of radioactivity inside the reactor’s containment vessel — where fuel rods originally generated power — to be more than seven times a previous high of 73 sieverts per hour, recorded by Tepco shortly after the fateful day. Gizmodo explains,

“Tepco made the readings by analyzing electronic noise caused by the radiation in video images. The company says this technique has a margin of error of plus or minus 30 percent (so even at the extreme low ball, the levels are no lower than 370 sieverts per minute — but possibly as high as 690!)

“Needless to say, this plant is not fit for human life. Just one dose of a single sievert is enough to cause radiation sickness and nausea. Exposure to four to five sieverts would kill about half of those exposed to it within a month, while a single dose of 10 sieverts is enough to kill a person within weeks.”

Obviously, this complicates matters quite a bit for workers tasked with containing radiation, assessing total damage, and ultimately decommissioning Fukushima Daiichi — medical personnel reportedly cannot handle the kinds of illnesses these levels would cause.

Alarmingly, officials can’t pinpoint a reason for the colossal spike — they don’t know if previous readings were incorrect, inadequate, or if something altogether unforeseen is taking place inside the eviscerated reactor.

In fact, Tepco has yet to find the radioactive fuel which melted through the bottom of the containment vessel not long after the tsunami crippled the plant’s backup cooling system — but it hasn’t been for lack of attempts.

Highly-specialized, camera-equipped, remote control vehicles have explored the interior of reactors to determine what physically happened to the fuel, but — despite the ability to withstand conditions humans can’t — radioactivity has been so intense, it kills the robots.

When one of those remotely-operated vehicles explored the Number 2 reactor recently, it happened upon a 6.5-foot gash in the grating under the containment chamber’s pressure vessel, likely caused by nuclear fuel melting through — but Tepco officials aren’t entirely sure of that, either.

“It may have been caused by nuclear fuel that would have melted and made a hole in the vessel, but it is only a hypothesis at this stage,” Tepco spokesman Tatsuhiro Yamagishi told AFP on Friday. “We believe the captured images offer very useful information, but we still need to investigate given that it is very difficult to assume the actual condition inside.”

A new camera-toting remotely-operated vehicle — designed to endure up to 1,000 sieverts per hour — had been slated to explore the newly-troubled reactor, but doubts about what caused the spike forced Tepco to reschedule its March deployment for the Number 1 reactor.

Melted nuclear fuel is suspected to have wound up on the floor of the containment vessels of the three reactors which suffered core meltdowns at Fukushima — but radiation has been so acute, even that assessment has proven impossible.

A dark mass appeared in footage taken of the hole in Number 2, but Tepco officials could not say with certainty it was the missing, melted uranium fuel rods.

In order to fully decommission Fukushima Daiichi — a process now projected to cost a whopping $$190 billion and take no less than four decades — details surrounding the extent of destruction must be measured and quantified.

“Confirming the conditions inside the reactor is a first step toward decommissioning,” Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Hiroshige Seko told the press Friday, as quoted by the Japan Times.

“While difficult tasks and unexpected matters may arise, we will mobilize all of Japan’s technological capabilities to steadily implement decommissioning work and rebuild Fukushima.”

Considering so little is currently understood about the catastrophe — from the location of melted uranium rods to the cause of the abrupt and troubling spike in radiation — perhaps so-called conspiracy theorists who doubt the ‘Fukushima is under control, don’t worry about it’ narrative are the only ones displaying a modicum of common sense.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74929,"Former Congressman and presidential candidate, Dr. Ron Paul is going on the offensive to wake Americans up to this run toward war by this administration fueled by deep state interests. During an interview this week, Ron Paul warned that the deep state could carry out a false flag and use it to lead America into the next major war.

“We are seeing now in regard to North Korea a replay of the type of campaign the deep state and the media used in 2001 through 2003 to stir up the American people to support the invasion of Iraq,” wrote Adam Dick for the Ron Paul Institute as he summed up Paul’s comments on the issue.

During the interview, Paul lambasted the Trump administration for saber-rattling at the North Koreans and trying to provoke them into a conflict.

After illustrating how senseless and dangerous this smack-talking match between Trump and Kim Jong Un has become, Paul explained how the US has no business over there and our mere presence endangers lives and costs billions.

Advertisment

Noting just how serious this push to conflict has become, Paul then described how at any moment, either a real or staged false flag event could be used to catapult the US into a catastrophic world war.

“The stage is set now, the North Koreans are threatening, ‘Well, we’re gonna shoot down an airplane,'” said Paul describing the scenario.

“Now that the stage is set, it’s progressing because of our involvement. Somebody’s going to use a false flag and someone is going to shoot down an airplane, just so this war gets started,” Paul said.

Paul, who noted that he was in high school during the first senseless conflict with Korea, then drew a parallel with how the US is doing the same thing they did to bring us into the Iraq war—lie to us over and over and over until we believe them.

“Just remember … the propagandists, the deep state, and the media convinced the American people that Saddam Hussein was a danger. They’re doing the same thing now with North Korea,” said Paul.

In response to this propaganda, Paul, who has served as chairman of the Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity since leaving the US House, says Americans “ought to wise up and just not buy into this,” as reported by Adam Dick.

As the majority of the population fights over people kneeling during the national anthem, Donald Trump has given in to the shadow government and has begun marching the US toward war. His methods so devious that he’s managed to pull the wool over the eyes of his support base and push for more war, higher taxes, and the continuation of Obamacare. All the while, people think he’s making America great again.

Trump has reneged on just about every promise he made to his supporters and, sadly, they seem to not care at all. Short of the myriad of symbolic executive orders, he made upon entering office, Trump is proving that he is intent on carrying out the exact same policy of his predecessors—up to and including putting the whole of America in harm’s way to bolster the bottom line of the military-industrial complex.

As Ron Paul said, “President Trump, who holds the lives of millions of Koreans and Americans in his hands, has taken to calling the North Korean dictator “rocket man on a suicide mission.” Why? To goad him into launching some sort of action to provoke an American response? Maybe the US president is not even going to wait for that. We remember from the Tonkin Gulf false flag that the provocation doesn’t even need to be real. We are in extremely dangerous territory and Congress for the most part either remains asleep or is cheering on the saber-rattling.”

As for how to stop this march toward war, Ron Paul has the solution.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88229,RT.com The chief of operations at the United States Drug Enforcement Agency said only last week that increased efforts as of late to legalize marijuana...,thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89988,"A Texas state representative has proposed an especially worrisome piece of legislation recently, titled the Teacher’s Protection Act.

The Act, H.B. 868, would authorize teachers to use “force or deadly force on school property, on a school bus, or at a school-sponsored event in defense of the educator’s person or in defense of students of the school that employs the educator.”

Advertisment

In addition, the act would give teachers and staff the right to use deadly force “in defense of property of the school that employs the educator.”

Even more disturbing is that the school staff members who engage in deadly force would be granted Civil immunity. Teachers who apply deadly force would not be liable for the injury or death of a student.

ThinkProgress.org points out that, such a bill could have disastrous consequences for students of color. A coalition of civil rights organizations found that black and Latino students face much higher rates of disciplinary action in schools, which exacerbates the so-called school-to-prison pipeline. By extension, if students of color are already disproportionately targeted by school authorities for their behavior, they could also become the targets of deadly force used by educators.

The bill is proposed by Texas Rep. Dan Flynn (R), a staunch gun rights advocate. This legislation goes far beyond gun rights, however.

Guaranteeing that a teacher would not be held liable for the death of students by granting automatic immunity in instances of violence, opens the door for abuse.

Of course, the act of self-defense is an inalienable right that shall not be infringed. All individuals, not just teachers have the right to protect themselves from harm. But removing accountability through the granting of immunity is entirely irresponsible and dangerous.

It’s bad enough that police officers can indiscriminately kill without facing consequences or the scrutiny of due diligence, but expanding this blanket of unaccountability to teachers, not trained in engaging or assessing true threats, could prove to be catastrophic.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
91158,"Cannon Ball, ND — After President Donald Trump issued Executive Orders greenlighting both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines, protests erupted from coast to coast — including in the nation’s capital — as the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, Morton County Sheriff’s Department, and clean energy advocates were left scrambling to make sense of the abrupt power play.

Rumors have circulated for months law enforcement would opportune the first chance to forcefully evict water protectors from the camps — whether under the guise of safety, since several sit amid a spring flood plain, or under the premise of illegality despite the location being part of lands granted to the tribe by treaties over a century ago by the U.S. government. Now, thanks to Trump, the future of pipeline opposition camps looks grim.

According to a statement,

“The Morton County Sheriff’s Department is monitoring the area of the camps in the event that protestors choose to gather in opposition to the executive action. While the department does not release details of its operational plans and strategies or confirm the number of law enforcement it has available to respond at any given time, the department does have plans to respond and deal with any potential protest actions that may become unlawful. This is prudent when it comes to what the department does and how it prepares for situations.”

In the same statement, Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier issued a stern admonishment to Standing Rock water protectors (a term preferred over ‘protesters’ by pipeline opposition for their stance of protecting the Missouri River from contamination):

“I would like to remind any protesters to please remain peaceful and lawful in your actions. Protesters have a right to take a position on the pipeline, but they do not have the right to break the law. To introduce rule of law within the camp, we will be asking the Trump administration for much-needed law enforcement support and public safety resources, requests that were ignored by the last administration. North Dakota residents expect us to hold these unlawful actors accountable; even the Standing Rock Sioux tribe – who has hosted the protest camps – have asked the protestors to leave out of fear that their presence could pollute the waters they claim to protect. This is not about the pipeline or the protests, it is about the rule of law.”

And Kirchmeier wasn’t the only Morton County official to mischaracterize the largely peaceful and unarmed Dakota Access Pipeline opposition in that statement.

Advertisment

“We are hopeful that this announcement brings us closer to finality in what has been an incredibly challenging time for our citizens and law enforcement professionals. Having dealt with riots, violence, trespassing and property crimes, the people of Morton County are looking forward to getting back their normal lives,” said Morton County Commission Chairman Cody Schulz. “This decision is encouraging because it shows that the federal government is finally interested in the rule of law. It is said that America has a ‘government of laws, not men.’ There is a legal and regulatory process in place for a reason – so everyone knows what the rules are, and those rules are applied objectively.”

“A lot of jobs, 28,000 jobs,” Trump said on Tuesday, according to ABC News, regarding the economic impact of the pipeline projects — citing a number not backed by several reports on the matter. “Great construction jobs.”

What, exactly, happens next appears — at least temporarily — to be anyone’s guess. But for water protectors encamped near the banks of the Missouri River’s Lake Oahe reservoir — who have vowed to do whatever it takes to halt construction of DAPL — Trump’s memorandum allowing Energy Transfer Partners to continue the final stages of the project represents the final threat to Indigenous sovereignty and integrity of the water supply.

“The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe said today that President Donald Trump’s executive action towards an approval of an easement for the Dakota Access Pipeline risks contaminating tribal and American water supplies while disregarding treaty rights,” an official statement explains. “The Trump administration’s politically motivated decision violates the law and the Tribe will take legal action to fight it.”

From Los Angeles and Seattle, to New York City and Washington, D.C., spontaneous demonstrations erupted after the new president’s unexpectedly decisive approvals for both pipelines.

Adhering to longstanding dictates from the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s calls for pipeline opposition to remain unarmed, prayerful, and peaceful, Native and non-Native water protectors from coast to coast broke out in song and chanted support in the streets of major cities — with large crowds amassing outside the White House in D.C. and Trump Tower in New York City.

“It’s amazing the power of social media,” one water protector observed from the Los Angeles rally, concerning the organic planning of events after Trump’s staggering announcement.

Indeed, absent sufficient and balanced coverage from the mainstream media for months, Standing Rock water protectors have relied on platforms like Facebook and Twitter to present an accurate portrait of the quagmire that is the Dakota Access Pipeline project and its opposition.

Thousands of supporting water protectors from hundreds of Indigenous bands around the world, as well as non-Native activists, have spent time in a smattering of camps attempting to halt pipeline construction through physical occupation at the site. Several hundred are still enduring a rough and bitter North Dakota winter at the site — and have pledged to stay in place no matter the consequences of Trump’s fraught executive actions.

Despite the haunting mirror to historical clashes between Native Americans and the nascent United States government — including the gruesome Battle of Wounded Knee, which occurred on the same lands — coverage by the corporate press has remained tepid, at best, often slanting neutrally or in favor of law enforcement where glaringly inappropriate.

Now that President Trump has avowed Big Oil’s right-of-way on both hotly contentious projects, it would appear critically necessary attention will finally be devoted to Indigenous and people’s rights over industry profits. In fact, claims the pipelines would create much needed jobs hold little basis in reality.

Keystone XL would permanently employ just 35 workers, and Dakota Access, a mere 40 in operational and maintenance positions — not to mention the latter is already more than 85 percent complete.

“The Keystone XL project,” Slate reported, “which will take 800,000 barrels of oil a day from Canada to the Gulf Coast, was the subject of a largely symbolic battle waged by climate activists opposed to the continued development of fossil fuel infrastructure. It was torpedoed by President Obama in 2015, a month before the Paris Climate Summit. ‘America is now a global leader when it comes to taking serious action to fight climate change,’ he said upon rejecting a permit for the pipeline’s construction. ‘And frankly, approving this project would have undercut that global leadership.’”

However welcome the former president’s disapproval of KXL, Obama remained noticeably silent on the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s fight to prevent Dakota Access from traversing under the Missouri River just north of the reservation — a route believed to directly endanger the tribe’s only water source.

Energy Transfer Partners, responsible for construction, insists DAPL poses no threat to the Missouri River — but the company’s safety record says otherwise, evincing egregious breaches, spills, and leaks, and calling to question whether the pipeline’s proximity to the water supply of millions is a prudent choice.

Notably, Trump’s announcement immediately succeeds a motion by the tribe in support of the evacuation of camps — a direct contrast to life-or-death devotion many water protectors have declared against construction of Dakota Access.

Indeed, simmering contentions between some Standing Rock tribal leadership and other members of the tribe have fomented a near constant anxiety and a flurry of accusations something untoward may be afoot. Anyone spending time in the area will notice a pall having replaced overwhelming unity present in the pipeline opposition’s early stages last spring.

Tribal council rulings seemed to tacitly confirm those longstanding suspicions over the weekend.

“Cody Two Bears, the Cannon Ball district representative to the tribal council, said the district is requesting federal law enforcement aid in removing protesters from the district and setting up posts blocking those who do not live or work in the district from entering. The district requests these actions be taken in the next 30 days,” reported the Bismarck Tribune on Sunday.

Led by the Morton County Sheriff’s Department, law enforcement from at least nine states have on multiple occasions acted aggressively and forcefully against unarmed, prayerful water protectors.

These barbarous crackdowns have left scores injured — several permanently disfigured — and have further highlighted that police forces are guarding pipeline interests over those of the people they were once tasked with keeping safe from harm.

Trump’s action to preempt a full environmental impact study that was supposed to be performed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in coming days appeared per the statement only to further embolden law enforcement to act aggressively against the unarmed collective of water protectors.

With the president’s summary actions favoring Big Oil interests over the water supply of millions of Americans — and the Morton County Sheriff’s Department poised to move forcefully on Standing Rock camps — the eyes of the world are once again trained on the United States in a waiting game to see whether violence against the unarmed begging for human rights will take a turn for the deadly.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103928,"Lawrence, KS — In an infuriating case of blue privilege, a cop, with mountains of evidence against him committing unspeakable crimes, will get to remain a cop — in spite of being arrested. To add insult to injury, this abusive cop is now suing the city for the unlawful search and seizure which was allegedly used to collect all the evidence against him.

The Lawrence Police Department, in February of 2015, gathered enough evidence against Officer William Jacob Burke, 34, to arrest him on felony charges of aggravated battery, criminal threat, aggravated assault, domestic battery, and kidnapping.

The evidence showed that Burke had beaten a fellow officer, choked her until she blacked out, and then chained her, naked, inside of a dog kennel.

Among the evidence collected were text messages from Burke to the female officer which read, “I’ve never hit a girl before. I beat you.”

“I’m not sure next time it won’t keep going,” read another.

Advertisment

Lawrence Journal-World published the findings from the city’s January 17th filing which detail the events as they unfolded. They are nothing short of horrifying.

During the incident, Burke slapped the woman harder than ever before and began choking her, she told investigators. “When she started to see spots, she told Burke, ‘Stop’ as best she could,” the report says. “She reached up and tried to pull Burke’s arms away but she couldn’t and she blacked out.” Having never been “strangled to unconsciousness” before, the woman told investigators she was scared. Shortly afterwards, Burke told her to join him downstairs, where he demanded she undress and get inside a dog kennel. Burke then demanded the woman drink a beer and hand over her cell phone and password, she told investigators. He then “took a thick chain and wrapped it around the dog kennel to prevent her from leaving” and left her downstairs for several minutes. When Burke returned he gave the woman another beer, told her he had looked through her phone and left again, she reported. At this point the woman told investigators she was “shivering and tried to wrap herself in the towel at the bottom of the dog crate.” Once more Burke returned, the report says. He lectured the woman “about how she should learn to keep her mouth shut and that she should not talk to anyone about their relationship.” “Burke took a mallet and started swinging at the dog kennel,” the report says. “He hit the kennel numerous times and she was scared of the plastic cover breaking and the mallet striking her head.”

The next day, the female officer took pictures of her injuries which included hemorrhaging to her face and swelling. However, she told investigators that she “she was hesitant to report the incident” and that “Burke owned several firearms and had told her several times that he could kill her and that he knew people who could make her body disappear,” according to the report.

However, after another officer noticed her injuries, he reported it to a supervisor which led to the subsequent investigation and arrest.

Seems cut and dry, right? Officer Burke is probably sitting in a jail cell where he belongs, right?

Wrong.

Shortly after his arrest, the city, for unknown reasons and in spite of the evidence, decided not to file charges against Burke.

As Journal-World reported, Burke claims he resigned from his position as an officer after a Lawrence police captain called his attorney and said he would be given a “favorable disposition” regarding criminal charges if he were to step down.

Naturally, the city and Douglas County District Attorney, Charles Branson deny the allegations of giving Burke favorable disposition.

“We were never a party to any agreement or offer to that extent whatsoever,” Branson said.

However, as the Free Thought Project has reported numerous times, police officers accused of crimes are frequently allowed to quietly resign to avoid serious charges down the road. Months or weeks later, they are the rehired by other departments only to be caught committing more crimes. Case in point, Timothy Loehmann, the cop who killed Tamir Rice. Loehmann was let go from his previous job for being mentally unfit for duty. He was then quietly rehired months later at the department where he would go on to kill a child.

When asked why the city accepted Burke’s resignation in light of the probable cause leading to his arrest, Lawrence City Attorney Toni Wheeler declined to comment on the case, citing the pending litigation, according to Journal-World. Burke’s attorney, Theodore Lickteig, also declined to comment.

Aside from failing to comment, both the department and the city have refused to release the arrest affidavit in spite of the fact that Burke is a public servant.

Now, instead of rotting in jail for his horrific abuse, Burke is suing the city for $$525,000, claiming that he was illegally searched and defamed. On top of the lawsuit, Burke also keeps his police officer’s license and can still work as a cop.

And so it continues — the brutal and corrupt cycle of blue privilege and unaccountability.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95532,"Monterey County, CA — A highly decorated officer was arrested last week on a slew of horrific charges all involving forced sex with children. Presidio of Monterey police officer Barney Joseph Ramnauth had the entire community fooled.

According to the Santa Cruz County District Attorney’s Office, last week, Ramnauth was arrested on suspicion of sodomizing a child younger than 10 years and a slew of other alleged sexual acts, some forced, with a child nearly two decades ago.

On top of the District Attorney’s Office, the Superior Court records show that Ramnauth was also arrested on suspicion of forced acts with a child younger than 14; and aggravated assault-child sexual acts.

According to Assistant District Attorney Steve Moore, Ramnauth, 48, is an officer at the Army installation. Two years ago, this suspected child rapist was awarded the Monterey County Peace Officers Association highest honor, Officer of the Year.

Advertisment

While the warrant for Ramnauth’s arrest was issued on December 1, there is no record of his arrest in court documents or an online inmate locator, according to Mercury News.

According to the California penal code, Ramnauth faces the potential of life in prison for the minimum of seven felonies of which he stands accused stemming back from as far as 1998.

According to the Santa Cruz Sentinel, Sgt. Chris Clark, spokesman for Santa Cruz County Sheriff’s Office, said the agency is investigating.

Officers of the year, as the Free Thought Project has pointed out time and again, raping, murdering, and molesting, is nothing new.

In May, in an unprecedented sentence for a police officer, a former cop with the Fort Pierce and Port St. Lucie police departments, was sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of child exploitation. Micheal Edwin Harding was named Officer of the Year in 2011, when he was an officer at the Fort Pierce Police Department.

Despite being accused of sexual assault back in 2007, Champaign Police Officer Jerad Gale was given his department’s highest honor in March. On March 30, Gale was named Champaign’s Officer of the Year.

Just three months later he would be arrested for strangling and raping two more women.

A former Houston Police Department ‘Officer of the Year’ award winner, Noe Juarez, was arrested last year and was indicted on federal charges of conspiracy to possess firearms connected with a drug trafficking offense and conspiracy to distribute five or more kilos of cocaine.

Jonathan Bleiweiss, 34, pleaded guilty to an array of charges last year, admitting to 14 counts of armed false imprisonment, 15 counts of battery and four counts of stalking. However, he avoided all of the charges with “sex” in them.

Most likely due to his police officer status, this former Broward Sheriff’s deputy was given an insultingly lenient plea deal. As part of that deal, Bleiweiss did not face charges of sexual battery, and as such will not be required by the state of Florida to register as a sex offender.

A group of approximately 20 undocumented immigrants alleged that Bleiweiss, harassed them, molested them during pat-downs, and threatened them with deportation if they refused to perform sex acts. Bleiweiss was named officer of the year just prior to being exposed as a sexual predator.

As the Free Thought Project reported last November, an investigation by the AP revealed around 1,000 policemen across the US had their licenses revoked and lost their jobs over the last six years on account of numerous sexual offenses that included rape and possession of child pornography.

The probe revealed that 550 officers were decertified for various sexual assaults, including rape. Some were dismissed for sodomy or sexual shakedowns, where victims were forced to perform sexual acts to avoid arrest.

A further 440 officers lost their jobs for other sex-related offenses, such as possessing child pornography, being a peeping Tom, sending sexually charged messages to underage teens or having sex while on duty.

About one-third of the officers lost their jobs for committing sexual offenses with juveniles.

The real number of sexual offenses could, however, be much higher, as AP only looked into registered cases where an officer lost their badge because of an offense. Lawyers and police chiefs acknowledged that some departments let the sexual assaults slide to limit their liability, allowing their staff to quietly resign or transfer to other duty stations or departments.

Furthermore, the probe notes that not all decertified officers faced criminal charges as some policemen surrendered their badges voluntarily to avoid a potential scandal.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38879,"The video of Walter Scott being shot in the back by North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager was plastered across television screens worldwide. It showed a public servant gunning down a man in cold blood. It was a paradigm-shattering moment for people across the US, especially for America’s youth.

What do you say to your son or daughter who will inevitably come across one of the hundreds of videos online of police killing unarmed people?

It would be nice if everything we were told as children about the police was true. Unfortunately, all the police officers in America are not the audacious and selfless heroes risking life and limb to rescue damsels in distress. Michael Slager wasn’t protecting anyone when he pulled over Walter Scott and killed him over a broken tail light.

Sadly, the only thing police in America seem to protect these days is the status quo. If we look at the data, it corroborates this contention.

In criminal justice, clearance rates are used as a measure of crimes solved by the police. The clearance rate is calculated by dividing the number of crimes that are “cleared” (a charge being laid) by the total number of crimes recorded.

In the United States, the murder clearance rate in 1965 was more than 90 percent. Today, the murder clearance rate has plummetted to an average of less than 65 percent per year. Some departments falling to less than 10%. This decline is in spite of the myriad of technological increases designed to help police solve crimes.

Advertisment

According to the Department of Justice, there are currently over 400,000 untested rape kits collecting dust in police evidence rooms nationwide, and many other estimates suggest that this number could be as high as one million.

As a result of this horrific negligence, roughly 3% of rape cases in America are actually solved.

Imagine the horrible scenario of a little girl growing up, trusting that the police will protect her. Later in life she is then raped. Accepting that the police can’t be everywhere all the time, she then reaches out to them for help in catching the criminal responsible, she’s then ignored like the hundreds of thousands of other victims.

Making sure your children don’t experience this same betrayal and hurt is your duty. Teaching your child not to blindly rely on a vastly corrupt system whose main purpose is to generate revenue for the ruling class, starts at a young age.

Legality ≠ Morality

The threat of police action should never be the basis of reason to instill discipline in your children. The state takes the approach of coercive violence to force compliance and it’s quite apparent that this approach falls short of its desired result.

When parents tell their children not to do something because it’s against the law, they are telling their children that the law is a good example to live by. Nothing could be further from the truth. Some of the laws on the books are downright insidious and punish good people who have not caused harm to anyone.

The negative consequences associated with using the state’s example of morality as a role model leads to a dystopian society, every time.

The state wages unjust wars and drops bombs on children. The state kidnaps people, locks them in cages or kills them for possessing a plant. The state spies on us, lies to us, and calls it freedom. To top it off, they fund these tyrannical tactics through extorting the population by stealing the product of our labor via the income tax!

In the 20th century alone, governments killed 174,000,000 people as they ostensibly fought for freedom.

Who in their right mind thinks a child’s role model should be a lying, cheating, and thieving mass murderer?

Sadly, if people do not teach their children about the atrocities of the state, they inadvertently become harbingers for the lies, theft, hate and murder.

Not teaching your children to question the state leads to blind nationalism which in turn leads to the dehumanization of entire cultures. The “Us” class can tell society that the “Them” class are evil and should be killed, and this is largely accepted.

Violence then becomes the norm within a society. Countries cheer on their rulers as they send their sons and daughters to early graves as they murder other children in far off lands; all in the name of freedom.

The police state is largely promoted in all facets of the average child’s life. From cartoons to sports to public schools, “patriotism” is shoved down the collective throats of America’s youth. It is nothing short of indoctrination.

It is up to us to us to guide our children through the lies and the propaganda, so when they grow up, instead of feeding this deadly system, they resist it.

If we do not teach our children to be free, the end result will likely be catastrophic. Society will cheer and salute as it runs off a cliff, leaving a nuclear trail of death and destruction in its wake.

So how do you go about teaching your kids to be little rights flexing freedom lovers?

First off, you do not teach them that hate and violence are a means to an end.

Removal of due process, the initiation of violence, and abuse of power; these are tools of the state, not of the peaceful revolution. Those who would take an innocent life to incite change are no different than the mass murdering sociopaths within the government.

Instead, teach them to love. Show them how the system blinds people to morality and makes otherwise good people do evil things. Show them examples of people breaking free of their statist brainwashing and in turn expose the system. Veterans for Peace is a great start. This organization is made of men and women who were previously brainwashed into thinking the violence they enacted on others was justified. Now they stand in unity against it.

On a more specific level, you can also teach your children how to assert their rights. Instead of teaching them to hate police, turn them into little rights flexing mini-lawyers.

The easiest and simplest thing to teach your children when interacting with police is to never talk to them. All too often we see police officers responding to a domestic situation only to separate a child from their parents and subsequently manipulate them into implicating their otherwise innocent parents in a crime.

Obviously if the children are being abused they should tell whoever they can. However, if you are abusing your children, chances are that you could care less about teaching them to spread freedom and peace, so the point is moot.

Teaching kids to be respectful while at the same time flexing their rights is a vital part of society maintaining its freedom. Police must be kept in their place and realize that they are here to serve us, not the other way around.

There is nothing ominous about teaching kids their rights; only good can come from this. The fact that police are worried about kids learning their rights during encounters speaks volumes and highlights just how skewed the reality of modern law enforcement has become.

To the police, if you do not want to be treated as public enemy no, 1, stop killing unarmed people, refuse to enforce orders that deprive people of their freedom for victimless crimes, stop the full on theft of property and victimless revenue collection, start actually protecting and serving the community. It is as simple as this.

The path to a more peaceful earth starts within. You cannot force others to change, they will only change when the information strikes them a certain way. The only thing we can have a direct effect on is our own lives.

For those of us who are parents, we have the duty to be positive role models for our children. We can foster the creation of an informed, peaceful and strong next generation. The time for complacency is over. If you’d like information on what you can do to rein in the ever-expanding police state, take a look through our #solutions section.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74315,"The White Helmets, a Nobel Peace Prize-nominated group that has been painted as a selfless “humanitarian group” by the media, was once again caught on video helping the same terrorist group that is hurting the civilians they claim to protect. This time, however, the video was ironically put together by Now This as a pro-White Helmet piece.

The group, which was the subject of an Oscar-winning documentary in February, is described by IMDB, “a group of indomitable first responders [who] risk their lives to rescue victims from the rubble” in war-torn Syria “as daily airstrikes pound civilian targets.”

However, a recent post from Vanessa Beeley, the associate editor of 21st Century Wire, painted the White Helmets in a very different light.

The video appears to show the famed White Helmets standing with Al-Qaeda and celebrating the massacre of Syrian civilians in Idlib. Ironically, Now This put out a propaganda piece attempting to paint those who show the misdeeds of the White Helmets as Russian agents and conspiracy theorists. However, the proof is in the pudding.

Um should point out that at 3:18 in the ""short film"" that puts my work ""in context"", you will see #WhiteHelmets celebrating #AlQaeda massacre of Syrian civilians in #Idlib March 2015. So yes, I would agree this film puts my exposure of Al Qaeda civil defence in ""context"". https://t.co/9XhrVynhls — vanessa beeley (@VanessaBeeley) November 21, 2017

In the video, Now This shows a brief and out of context clip at the 3:18 mark. In the clip, White Helmets are seen celebrating with Al-Qaeda. To clarify the context, Beely tweeted still from the video she shot.

Advertisment

In the images, we can clearly see the “hero” White Helmets standing alongside terrorists and celebrating. But the is more. In the Now This video, Beeley points out a scene that appears to show an armed Al Nusra militant wiping the nose of a White Helmet.

Also worth asking, what is the green sign covering up? I can check archive footage of #WhiteHelmet centres. Is that an armed militant #NusraFront with ammunition vest wiping White Helmet nose for him? 🤔🤔 pic.twitter.com/g8137ik9yA — vanessa beeley (@VanessaBeeley) November 21, 2017

Luckily, it appears that most people aren’t buying the lies. The top comments on the Now This video show the reality.

To those paying attention to Syria, the White Helmets aiding or even participating in terrorism should come as no surprise.

A Twitter post from earlier this year by user ‘Walid’ appears to show the famed White Helmets taking care of injured Al-Qaeda fighters who were recently wounded on the Syrian battlefront. This is just the latest in a series of videos, which has served as evidence that the White Helmets are not what they appear.

The faithful #WhiteHelmets were on hand in East Reef Hama to take care of the injured Al-Qaeda fighters who had arrived from #Arsal. #Syria pic.twitter.com/W0OxnbSgGk — Walid (@walid970721) August 4, 2017

While helping injured people, regardless of what ‘side’ they are fighting for is noble, it is important to point out that the white helmets never help those injured by ISIS. Countless Syrian citizens have come forward to expose the group’s utter lack of care for injured men, women, and children alike — while helping only those who are friendly to the resistance.

The first such scandalous revelation came about when a video was uploaded to social media demonstrating the WH staging an attack reportedly carried out by Syrian government forces. When the group discovered their video flub, they quickly stated they were simply carrying out a mannequin challenge. Few bought their explanation, yet their documentary later went on to win an Oscar.

The group also came under fire in June when video surfaced that showed members of the White Helmets assisting in disposing of the dead bodies of Syrian soldiers. The US-backed “aid workers” were seen celebrating their kill whilst holding the heads of the dead.

Impartial and humanitarian White Helmets participating in the beheading and throwing of Syrian soldiers bodies at a dumpster in Daraa today: pic.twitter.com/2UvEbhUu9g — Ali (@Ali_Kourani) June 20, 2017

As it stands, the White Helmets are heavily funded by the U.S. and the U.K., as well as many other international entities. That may be the reason they always worked in rebel-held areas of the greater Syrian conflict. The WH serve as a de facto propaganda wing of the West to sway public opinion into supporting regime change in Syria.

As proof, one only has to look to the story of Omran Daqneesh, a Syrian boy reportedly pulled from the rubble of a bombed out building. Daqneesh’s image was broadcast around the world and used as a propaganda tool against Syrian President Bashar Al Assad.

The truth was later revealed by The Free Thought Project and others that it is very likely the opposition itself destroyed the very building in which Daqneesh was residing, then used his image to promote the myth he was attacked by Syrian forces.

As TFTP reported:

“But it was a lie — from mass media’s parroted claims the boy had escaped an airstrike within an inch of his life, to bandages eventually wrapped around Omran’s head — virtually none of the narrative stemming from the starkly persistent image bore the weight of truth.”

According to The New York Times, Mr. Daqneesh told the real story of what happened immediately following the bombing. He never supported the opposition and appeared on Syrian state-run media to proclaim his support for Assad. He described how the White Helmets used his son as a propaganda tool without his permission.

”They took Omran, got him to the ambulance, where they filmed him,” Mr. Daqneesh said. “It was against my will. I was still upstairs in the house.”Mr. Daqneesh said he was pressured by opposition activists after Omran was released from the hospital to “talk against the Syrian regime and the state,” adding that he had been offered money to do so, which he refused.”

With the latest Twitter revelation, one can draw their own conclusions of whether or not the group is simply giving humanitarian aid, or whether its members are taking part in the Syrian/Iraqi genocide. According to Salon, they’re already beheading people on film. So much for that impartial humanitarian aid!",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
52340,"Washington, D.C. – As the Free Thought Project reported last week, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) just announced they will ban the popular pain relief supplement kratom by placing it on the Schedule 1 list, which denotes “no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse” – the most restrictive classification under the federal Controlled Substances Act.

This move to ban yet another highly beneficial plant by the DEA has been met with heavy backlash and multiple petitions. The backlash is entirely justified as this plant has many amazing benefits — including a potential cure for opioid addiction.

A notice of intent to classify kratom was placed on the Federal Register on August 31, with plans to temporarily categorize the supplement as a Schedule I substance on September 30, according to a filing by the DEA:

Notice of Intent The Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration is issuing this notice of intent to temporarily schedule the opioids mitragynine and 7-hydroxymitragynine, which are the main active constituents of the plant kratom, into schedule I pursuant to the temporary scheduling provisions of the Controlled Substances Act. This action is based on a finding by the Administrator that the placement of these opioids into schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act is necessary to avoid an imminent hazard to the public safety. Any final order will impose the administrative, civil, and criminal sanctions and regulatory controls applicable to schedule I controlled substances under the Controlled Substances Act on the manufacture, distribution, possession, importation, and exportation of, and research and conduct of instructional activities of these opioids.

This “imminent hazard,” as cited by the DEA, is all but non-existent. Yes, the CDC reported in July that kratom can be abused and that poison control centers have received over 660 calls between 2010 and 2015 regarding kratom intoxication. However, these numbers pale in comparison to the extreme death that follows prescription opioids, and, there has yet to be any conclusive evidence showing kratom to be deadly.

So why would the DEA worry about a beneficial plant that is pretty much harmless? The answer is quite clear — Big Pharma.

Cannabis is a schedule one substance but the pharmaceutical industry can manufacture a synthetic version of the same active ingredient in cannabis, THC, and it magically becomes legal.

Advertisment

Currently, the pharmaceutical industry is using kratom alkaloids to manufacture synthetic opioids.

As Cassius Kamarampi points out, three synthetic opioids, in particular, were synthesized from the alkaloids in kratom from 2008- 2016: MGM-9, MGM-15, and MGM-16.

They were synthesized from kratom’s alkaloids Mitragynine and 7-Hydroxymitragynine: to make what is essentially patentable, pharmaceutical kratom.

The first study, published in 2008, took Mitragynine and used it to synthesize “MGM-9”. The study says:

“Mitragynine is a major indole alkaloid isolated from the Thai medicinal plant Mitragyna speciosa that has opium-like properties, although its chemical structure is quite different from that of morphine. We attempted to develop novel analgesics derived from mitragynine, and thus synthesized the ethylene glycol-bridged and C10-fluorinated derivative of mitragynine, MGM-9 [(E)-methyl 2-(3-ethyl-7a,12a-(epoxyethanoxy)-9-fluoro-1,2,3,4,6,7,12,12b-octahydro-8-methoxyindolo[2,3-a]quinolizin-2-yl)-3-methoxyacrylate].”

The second study published in 2014 synthesized MGM-15 and MGM-16 from kratom’s other primary alkaloid, 7-Hydroxymitragynine. The study says:

“In this study, we developed dual-acting μ- and δ-opioid agonists MGM-15 and MGM-16 from 7-hydroxymitragynine for the treatment of acute and chronic pain.”

One can find dozens of studies from the past few years, in which researchers synthesized new opioid compounds and tested them on monkeys (primates). This is a huge market.

From one of many studies, testing the opioid “TH-030418”:

“Numerous efforts have been made on the chemical modification of opioid compounds, with the ultimate goal of developing new opioid analgesics that is highly potent and low/non-addictive. In a search for such compounds, TH-030418 [7α-[(R)-1-hydroxy-1-methyl-3-(thien-3-yl)-propyl]-6,14-endo-ethanotetrahydrooripavine] was synthesized.”

From another study testing an opioid called “SR 16435”:

“We identified a novel nociceptin/orphanin FQ (NOP)/mu-opioid receptor agonist, SR 16435 [1-(1-(bicyclo[3.3.1]nonan-9-yl)piperidin-4-yl)indolin-2-one], with high binding affinity and partial agonist activity at both receptors.”

From another study testing an opioid called “Cebranopadol”:

“Cebranopadol (trans-6′-fluoro-4′,9′-dihydro-N,N-dimethyl-4-phenyl-spiro[cyclohexane-1,1′(3’H)-pyrano[3,4-b]indol]-4-amine) is a novel analgesic nociceptin/orphanin FQ peptide (NOP) and opioid receptor agonist.”

Another one of the plant’s alkaloids is Speciofoline. It just so happens that a patent was filed for Speciofoline on August 10, 1964. The patent claims the “alkaloid has useful pharmacodynamic activity, particularly analgetic and antitussive activity.”

The patent was filed by Smith Kline, of Glaxo Smith Kline, & French Laboratories.

Aside from a patent on Speciofoline, US 20100209542 A1 is an application that was entered for University Of Massachusetts Medical School, University Of Mississippi in 2010. The application recognizes kratom as a treatment for opioid withdrawal. US 20100209542 A1 goes on to claim that kratom could be used to help withdrawals from other drugs as well.

See the pattern yet?

As the legal pain medication epidemic sweeps the nation killing thousands every year and converting its users into heroin addicts, the pharmaceutical companies are scrambling to find an alternative. Kratom could be that alternative.

However, since kratom can be grown in your backyard, pharmaceutical companies can’t monopolize it — unless the government outlaws it.

On September 30, kratom will be illegal, but the synthetic patented and monopolized version will not.

While the mainstream media often acknowledges that these drug companies charge exorbitant prices for their medications, they conveniently leave out the reason they can do so is because they have the full support of Uncle Sam.

Instead of looking at the corrupt government, who has the unique ability to create and sustain monopolies, the evil drugs and the market are blamed.

How many more people will have to die of opioid overdose before Americans stand up to the DEA and refuse to obey their tyrannical and corrupt laws?

Please share this article to wake other people up to the fact that the DEA is only operating as the guardians of the big pharma monopoly!

h/t Era of Wisdom",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103559,"In one of the largest organized marches in the history of the world, tens of millions of Shia Muslims made an incredibly heartening statement, by risking their lives to travel through war-stricken areas to openly defy ISIS. This massive event that would have undoubtedly helped to ease tensions in the West was almost entirely ignored by corporate media.

Women, men, elderly, and children made their way to the city of Karbala on Sunday and Monday last week for the holy day of Arbaeen. Arbaeen is the event which marks the end of the 40-day mourning period following Ashura, the religious ritual that commemorates the death of the Prophet Mohammad’s grandson Imam Hussein in 680 AD.

As the Independent reports, massive crowds paid homage to the shrines of Imam Hussein and his half-brother Abbas in Karbala, where they were killed in a revolt against the Umayyad ruler Yazeed in the 7th century AD when they refused to pledge allegiance to Yazeed’s Umayyad caliphate.

Registering only as a blip on the Independent, this most amazing feat was conducted in spite of ISIS, as well as the sacred annual pilgrimage.

As the UK paper notes, the march comes as nearly 80 people, many of them pilgrims returning from commemorating Arbaeen in Karbala, were killed in the latest Isis attack in the area.

Advertisment

Isis has declared Shia Muslims apostates and targeted them in its bloody campaign to establish a hardline caliphate across Iraq and Syria, according to the Independent.

The brave men, women, and children marched on, knowing that an ISIS suicide bomber had just struck near Karbala the week prior.

In recent years, this march has taken on a dual purpose. Where it was once a march for Arbaeen, it now also encompasses the Shia resistance and protest against ISIS terrorists.

“I came walking from Basra with my wife and three sons … This is the third time. We started walking 13 days ago and reached Karbala on Sunday night,” said Pilgrim Jaber Kadhem Khalif.

According to the Independent, the 40-year-old said his prayers would go to the Hashed al-Shaabi paramilitary group that has tens of thousands of men deployed on the front lines to fight ISIS.

Umm Ali, who came without her husband, as he is currently fighting ISIS on the front lines, said, “I came with my son and two daughters. I came from Samawa to Najaf by car, then from Najaf to Karbala on foot, to make a plea for my husband’s safety.

“We ask God to support us against Daesh [ISIS] members, to help us liberate Mosul and urge our politicians to remember the people who have sacrificed so much.”

In spite of this pilgrimage being one of the most massive marches in the world, the West conveniently ignored it. Arbaeen is magnitudes larger than the Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca — yet Mecca is the only event that ever receives headlines in the West. Given the recent revelation that the Shia Muslims are also marching against Daesh, one can’t help but wonder why this isn’t all over American news.

According to the Independent, organizers of the annual Arbaeen procession in U.K. have previously spoken of their frustration over the lack of mainstream media coverage of the event.

“Unfortunately [some] media outlets have gone for stories that to some extent can be divisive. If a group of Muslims does something good, it’s not mentioned or the religion is not mentioned. But if someone does something [negative], it is on the front page and their religion is mentioned,” Mohammed Al-Sharifi, a volunteer at last year’s event told the Independent.

And he is right.

Many of the stories on Muslims in the U.S. that make it on to the mainstream are those that stoke divide. When a Muslim hero saves hundreds of lives by jumping on a bomb — which actually happened in July — the mainstream and the Islamophobic alternative media is mum.

Those who would judge 1.6 billion people by the actions of just a few are creating a narrative in which innocent lives are put in danger.

Throughout history, most mainstream religions have perpetuated extreme violence upon the world. To attempt to paint Islam as the problem is no better than labeling all Catholics murders for the inquisition.

But peace and empathy are enemies to the establishment who need you to hate others. When the establishment can paint things as black and white, it is easier for you to be controlled. Consequently, this is the exact mission of ISIS.

As the Free Thought Project’s Jay Syrmopolous points out, if there is one thing that Islamic fundamentalists and Islamophobic fascists agree on, it’s that there should be no “gray zone;” only black and white.

The gray zone is the zone of peaceful coexistence. Eliminating the gray zone – and rendering a world as black & white as the flag of the Islamic state is the ultimate goal of fundamentalists on all sides.

In fact, a recent ISIS publication, titled Extinction of the Grayzone made clear that the strategy has been at play for the past 14 years.

“The grayzone is critically endangered, rather on the brink of extinction. It’s endangerment began with the blessed operation of September 11th, as these operations manifested two camps before the world for mankind to choose between, a camp of Islam… and a camp of kufr – the crusader coalition.”

The way to truly defeat ISIS is by rendering their fear and divisive tactics impotent. We need to show ISIS, and those being manipulated by their tactics, that tolerance and freedom are far more powerful than bigotry and hate — which is why, coincidentally, not a single American mainstream outlet reported on the tens of millions of Muslims marching against ISIS.

Please share this story with your friends and family who may find themselves subject to the fear mongering in the media of Muslim violence. You can bow down to the will of ISIS by allowing their hate-filled rhetoric and divisive tactics to cloud your mind with fear and hatred. Or, you can rise up and stand against those who would drive a wedge through the heart of humankind. The choice is yours.

[divider style=”solid” top=”20″ bottom=”20″]

UPDATE: We’ve received plenty of backlash from folks who are denying the anti-ISIS sentiment in this march and we’d like to clarify our point. No one is denying that this is an annual pilgrimage that is centuries old. In fact, if you read the article, that is clearly explained.

That being said, we understand how the original title: 20 Million Muslims March Against ISIS and The Mainstream Media Completely Ignores It, can be misconstrued as implying the entire march was planned in opposition to ISIS, which is not the case. We have updated the title to better reflect the sentiment of this article — which, coincidentally, is exactly the same.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
39501,"A recording has been released that gives insight into the accusations that led to the resignation of media mogul and producer, Harvey Weinstein, and it casts a dark shadow on the celebrities, media outlets, politicians and members of law enforcement who covered up his despicable actions.

In an in-depth report published by the New Yorker, Ronan Farrow details a 10-month investigation, in which 13 women gave accounts of sexual harassment or assault by Weinstein, and three of them claim that he raped them.

One of the most telling revelations comes from a case in 2015, when 22-year-old Ambra Battilana Gutierrez, a finalist for Miss Italy, met Weinstein during a reception for a show he was producing at the Radio City Music Hall. The report’s account claimed that her agency reached out after the event and said that Weinstein “wanted to set up a business meeting as soon as possible.”

“Gutierrez arrived at Weinstein’s office in Tribeca early the next evening with her modelling portfolio. In the office, she sat with Weinstein on a couch to review the portfolio, and he began staring at her breasts, asking if they were real. Gutierrez later told officers of the New York Police Department Special Victims Division that Weinstein then lunged at her, groping her breasts and attempting to put a hand up her skirt while she protested. He finally backed off and told her that his assistant would give her tickets to ‘Finding Neverland,’ a Broadway musical that he was producing. He said that he would meet her at the show that evening.”

Gutierrez went to a New York Police Department precinct and reported the assault. In response, investigators suggested she plan to meet Weinstein the following day and wear a wire with the mission of attempting “to extract a confession or incriminating statement.”

Advertisment

During a meeting at the Tribeca Grand Hotel in which Gutierrez was wearing a wire, Weinstein invited her to come up to his hotel room while he took a shower. She refused, and he appeared agitated. Weinstein told Gutierrez that she was embarrassing him, and she insisted that she just wanted to leave. She then asked him why he groped her breasts the day before.

“Oh, please, I’m sorry, just come on in,” Weinstein responded. “I’m used to that. Come on. Please.”

“You’re used to that?” Gutierrez asked.

“Yes,” Weinstein said, adding, “I won’t do it again.”

Weinstein, in conversation with Gutierrez, admits to groping her. Here’s the audio: https://t.co/zSQbK5NV0c pic.twitter.com/vmrrSUp43w — The New Yorker (@NewYorker) October 10, 2017

The report from the New Yorker claimed that two sources close to the investigation said “they had no reason to doubt Gutierrez’s account of the incident.” However, there were a number of tabloid stories that emerged after the incident, showing that this was not the first time she had made allegations of sexual assault.

Manhattan Attorney General Cyrus Vance Jr. eventually dropped the investigation. Weinstein thanked him by sending him a $$10,000 campaign contribution by way of David Boies, Weinstein’s attorney.

“We had the evidence,” a police source involved in the operation told Farrow. “It’s a case that made me angrier than I thought possible, and I have been on the force a long time.”

After dealing with threats from Weinstein’s robust legal team, Gutierrez reportedly agreed to a financial settlement, and signed “a highly restrictive nondisclosure agreement with Weinstein, including an affidavit stating that the acts Weinstein admits to in the recording never happened.”

Weinstein’s unwanted advances, which led to sexual assault in many cases, were not uncommon in Hollywood. Prominent actresses Gwyneth Paltrow and Angelina Jolie have testified to being harassed by Weinstein when they were in their early 20s.

While some actresses are now saying that their initial experiences with Weinstein made them avoid working with him in the future, there are some actors and even media outlets who covered up his crimes.

The allegations have been ongoing for years, and in 2004, New York Times reporter Sharon Waxman claimed she attempted to reveal the truth about Weinstein. She flew to Italy to investigate claims of a man who was paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to schedule Russian escorts for Weinstein.

“The story I reported never ran,” Waxman wrote. “After intense pressure from Weinstein, which included having Matt Damon and Russell Crowe call me directly to vouch for Lombardo and unknown discussions well above my head at the Times, the story was gutted. I was told at the time that Weinstein had visited the newsroom in person to make his displeasure known.”

The hypocrisy has included a number of prominent politicians, and in a surprising editorial, CNN’s Chris Cillizza noted that, “Five days after the New York Times broke the news that Weinstein, the head of Miramax and a major Democratic donor, faced a series of allegations of inappropriate behavior toward women over a several-decade span, neither Bill or Hillary Clinton nor Barack Obama has said a single word about the incidents.”

From editors at the New York Times, to prominent celebrities and politicians, to local elected officials and members of law enforcement, it took a village to cover up Harvey Weinstein’s crimes. But the fact is that he is not the only one, and while he will inevitably become the new poster-child for sexual harassment in Hollywood, it is still an on-going epidemic.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48400,"The dashcam footage has been released of an incident that led to an innocent 70 year old man being put in critical condition after being shot at several times by a York County Sheriff’s Deputy.

Bobby Canipe went to reach for his cane during a traffic stop. Deputy Terrence Knox thought he was reaching for a rifle, apparently couldn’t verbally warn the man, or fire a warning shot, and out of fear for his life fired several shots at the man and hitting him.

Apparently shooting a 70 year old man, reaching for a cane in the back of a pickup truck, is appropriate use of force as Knox felt an imminent threat to his life.



We can clearly see, even from the blurred video, that it is obviously a cane.

Advertisment

Knox is on paid vacation pending an investigation.

The York County Sheriff’s Office says Knox followed procedure for a situation like this.

Some people will watch this video and say, well, Officer Knox was just looking out for his life, he has a family to go home to at night. He did what he had to do. But did he really have to even be there, in that position?

Mr. Canipe was pulled over because he had an expired license plate. A harmless “offense” whose only victims are the tyrants that charge people for the privilege of driving, the state. All too often we see people beaten, caged, and killed for causing absolutely no harm; all because the state steals money from you to pay costumed thugs to collect revenue by enforcing arbitrary and immoral “laws.”

For far too long people have simply gone about their daily lives, thinking that this oppression and theft are here for our protection, to provide us roads, social welfare, and military defense. However, once you begin to look closely, you quickly see that none of this police state is for your security, roads are built by private companies the state only acts as a middle man, and social welfare can easily be solved without robbing people at gun point.

It is time to start asking the right questions; the questions that place the very existence of the state into scrutiny. We must do this before it is too late, before the state outlaws the very act of questioning it.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103025,"Oath-violating Bateman also made veiled death threats against blogger

Paul Joseph Watson

Infowars.com

Lt. Col. Robert Bateman, the second amendment-hating Army Officer who caused controversy after vowing to “pry your gun from your cold, dead, fingers,” works closely with the Department of Homeland Security.

Earlier this week, Bateman, an active military commander, penned a piece for Esquire magazine in which he promised to push for a total ban on all firearms besides muskets, shotguns and rifles, and shut down all gun manufacturers except for those who produced weapons for the federal government and the armed forces (you will be disarmed, the state will have a monopoly on firepower).

Bateman is president and founder of Alliance Defense Marketing Associates LLC, a “global premier risk management” firm that does work for the DHS.

Advertisment

According to the company’s website, part of the services offered by the firm include, “Homeland Security operational initiatives.”

According to Bateman’s official LinkedIn page, he also personally specializes in “Defense/Homeland Security/Law Enforcement operational initiatives.”

That’s ironic given that while Bateman is lecturing the American people about their gun rights, the DHS is simultaneously buying assault rifles and acquiring billions of rounds of ammunition.

Critics contend that Bateman’s revulsion for the second amendment (which he woefully misinterprets) “proves he knows nothing about the Constitution he swore an oath to defend.”

Bateman’s promise to “pry your gun from your cold, dead, fingers” was an inflammatory reference to his advocacy for making it illegal for guns on his imaginary blacklist to be inherited. “I am willing to wait until you die, hopefully of natural causes,” wrote Bateman.

Later in the article, Bateman says disarming the American people is all about encouraging “less violence and death,” although such sentiments weren’t evident when he became embroiled in an argument with a blogger which ended up with the Colonel making a thinly veiled death threat.

The argument concerned a former senior female Human Terrain Team (HTT) member who was allegedly subjected to a death threat by an active duty lieutenant at Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan.

After Bateman engaged in “ad hominem attacks” against Maximilian Forte, the blogger who posted the story, and was subsequently banned, he resorted to a veiled death threat of his own.

“And I apologize for the future. Not really my fault. But I am sorry nonetheless,” wrote Bateman.

“You apologize for the future. It was worth approving your message just so that others can see the veiled threat,” responded Forte.

Bateman repeated the threat in a subsequent post when he remarked, “And again, Max, truly, I am sorry for your future.”

Bateman’s thinly veiled death threats reveal him to be a wolf in sheep’s clothing, someone who claims to be all about reducing violence yet resorts to barely disguised rhetorical threats of violence against his ideological adversaries.

It seems abundantly clear that it is Bateman who has a problem with violence and is most likely a danger to himself and those around him. It is therefore Bateman, and not the American people, who should be disarmed.

Feel free to politely email Col. Bateman and let him know what you think about his views on the second amendment.

Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71

FOLLOW Paul Joseph Watson @ https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet

*********************

Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com. He is the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a host for Infowars Nightly News.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88349,"April 17, 2014

The Swiss scientist Albert Hoffman first synthesized LSD at a Sandoz laboratory in Switzerland in 1938. Not until five years later, after re-examining his discovery, did Hoffman learn about LSD’s more colorful and beneficial qualities. Here’s how Hoffman described the experience after accidentally ingesting LSD during an experiment in 1943.

“I was affected by a remarkable restlessness, combined with a slight dizziness. At home I lay down and sank into a not unpleasant intoxicated ;ike condition, characterized by an extremely stimulated imagination. In a dreamlike state, with eyes closed (I found the daylight to be unpleasantly glaring), I perceived an uninterrupted stream of fantastic pictures, extraordinary shapes with intense, kaleidoscopic play of colors. After some two hours this condition faded away.”

The intense experience stoked Hoffman’s curiosity and when he returned to the lab the next day, he ingested 250 more micrograms of LSD . April 19, 1943 is known as “Bicycle Day,” as Hoffman first felt feel the effects of the world’s first deliberate trip on his bicycle ride home from the lab.

In the decades after Hoffman’s discovery, Sandoz Laboratories distributed LSD to researchers and clinical studies were conducted widely on the drugs effectiveness to assist in psychotherapy and other treatments. By the mid 1960’s, more than 1,000 peer-reviewed clinical papers covering 40,000 patients had been published on LSD. Some promising studies found significant benefits using LSD to treat anxiety associated with terminal illness, pain, cluster headaches and alcoholism. As quickly as the ball started rolling for LSD research, it stopped.

Advertisment

As use of LSD in counterculture movements caught the eyes politicians and governments, sentiments changed and LSD was made illegal in the United States on October 24, 1968. Bowing to international pressures Sandoz stopped producing LSD in 1965, ending all but a few scattered clinical research studies over the next 40 years.But all is not lost.

Recent results from a study in Switzerland have renewed interest in both the resurgence of LSD research and LSD as a useful tool to assist in psychotherapy.

Brad Burge, Director of Communications and Marketing, at the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS), was kind enough to sit down with crushplate to talk about this exciting new LSD pilot study that was published in The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease

If you haven’t heard of MAPS you need to check them out right now. MAPS is a non-profit organization headquartered in Santa Cruz, California, that develops medical, legal, and cultural contexts for people to benefit from the careful uses of psychedelics and marijuana.

MAPS sponsored this latest Swiss LSD research which was a double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study in 12 subjects with advanced-stage illness that found statistically significant reductions in anxiety following two LSD-assisted psychotherapy sessions.

The recent Swiss double blind placebo-controlled pilot study that looked at of LSD-assisted psychotherapy for individuals with anxiety associated with advanced stage illness was small but promising. Can you tell us about the study and results?



We are very proud to have completed the first study of the therapeutic use of LSD in human beings since the early 1970s. Principal Investigator Dr. Peter Gasser conducted the study over the span of 4 years in Switzerland, investigating the safety and effectiveness of LSD-assisted psychotherapy in subjects with life-threatening illnesses and who experienced associated anxiety. The pilot study in 12 subjects found statistically significant reductions in anxiety associated with advanced-stage illness following two LSD-assisted psychotherapy sessions. Our results indicate that LSD can be safely administered in a controlled, clinical environment with proper therapeutic support, which is a major scientific advancement.

What did you learn from the results of the Swiss study?

The study found positive trends in the reduction of anxiety following two LSD-assisted psychotherapy sessions. Study participants who received the full 200-microgram dose of LSD in combination with psychotherapy reported a 20% reduction in anxiety associated with advanced-stage illness. The results also indicate that LSD-assisted psychotherapy can be safely administered in these subjects, justifying further research.

Do you think the Swiss study can help build momentum for future psychotherapy-assisted LSD research?

This study is historic and marks a rebirth of investigation into LSD-assisted psychotherapy. The results from this research have opened the doors for additional studies into the therapeutic potential of LSD. We are optimistic that future research into the therapeutic potential of LSD may reveal more medical conditions that can benefit from LSD-assisted psychotherapy.

What are the major roadblocks for future studies and how can scientists overcome them?

Cultural stigmas surrounding substances like LSD, MDMA, and marijuana makes our research difficult to fund, though not impossible. We have been able to significantly advance psychedelic research with the support of private donations, though we cannot accomplish all of our goals due to lack of wider support. We would be able to conduct more research in a more timely fashion if we received grants or government-funding. As the public perception of psychedelics continues to become more accepting, research and funding will likely become more abundant.

MAPS is dedicated to meeting government standards surrounding approvals for psychedelic research, so we do not cut any corners when it comes to legitimizing psychedelics such as LSD. MAPS’ completed and future research conforms to modern drug development standards, and will help guide the development of additional research into the risks and benefits of LSD-assisted psychotherapy. When MAPS conducts psychedelic research in the U.S., we work closely with government agencies including the Food and Drug Administration and the Drug Enforcement Agency, and we work with their foreign equivalents when conducting research in other countries.

Are there other research areas or disciplines that LSD research can prove useful?

There is considerable previous human experience using LSD in the context of psychotherapy. From the 1950s through the early 1970s, psychiatrists, therapists, and researchers administered LSD to thousands of people as a treatment for alcoholism, as well as for anxiety and depression in people with advanced-stage cancer. MAPS is interested in LSD for its potential to help people with a variety of conditions, focusing primarily on the treatment of anxiety associated with life-threatening illness, as well as for personal growth, creativity, and spiritual uses.

Who or where should we be looking for the next study?

This pilot study serves as a starting point for the future of LSD-assisted psychotherapy research. This scientific evidence indicating that LSD can be administered safely in a controlled clinical environment with proper support will pave the way for future studies conducted by MAPS and other scientists around the world. In addition to this LSD research, our research into MDMA-assisted psychotherapy to treat PTSD is very promising. MAPS will continue to conduct research into the risks and benefits of LSD, MDMA, ayahuasca, marijuana, and ibogaine. MAPS is not the only entity conducting psychedelic research— our friends at the Heffter Research Institute and the Beckley Foundation are also helping the advancement of psychedelic science and medicine.



This article originally appeared on crushplate.com on April 16, 2014, it has been republished with the author’s permission.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75485,"Supporters of the Dakota Access Pipeline insist that the project is safe and that it is not a threat to the water supply of millions of people. However, pipelines, in general, are dangerous projects, with ruptures occurring around the world on a near daily basis.

There is also evidence that the Dakota Access Pipeline is even more dangerous than typical pipeline projects, because it is slated to run under a river that millions of people depend on for drinking water, and the pipeline is also in the direct path of a landslide zone, which could cause obvious and disastrous complications.

The US Amry Corps of Engineers is the government organization responsible for assessing the safety of the land to determine whether the project will be a threat, and so far, all of their reports have indicated that the pipeline will be safe. However, a recent independent review of the pipeline path determined that the Army Corps overlooked massive dangers in the project and that their environmental assessment was “seriously deficient.”

Not trusting the assessment of the government or the pipeline corporation, the Standing Rock Sioux tribe brought in outside contractors to investigate.

According to Richard Kuprewicz, president of Accufacts, Inc., a consulting firm that specializes in pipeline safety, the Army Corps assessment was inadequate and that he disagrees with the possible environmental impact.

Advertisment

“The Environmental Assessment is incomplete. I don’t agree with the finding of no significant impacts,” he said.

One of the major issues raised by Kuprewicz was the fact that the Army corps overlooked the risk of landslides, which are prevalent in the area. The Army Corps allegedly did not even inspect the areas that are prone to landslides because they do not occur on federal land, but they do occur in the path of the pipeline, and experts say that a landslide could easily cause a pipeline to rupture.

“If you have a pipeline routed in a landslide area, the only thing you can do there is to route it out of the landslide area,” Kuprewicz said.

Kuprewicz also said that there are not proper measures to shut the pipelines down as soon as a leak happens.

“I’ve been in too many investigations now where they’ve claimed they are going to shut the line down in less than 10 minutes and it’s [actually] 3 hours later. You are overstating the technical ability of the equipment to do its job,” he said.

Energy Transfer Partners, the company responsible for the pipeline has denied these recent findings and is using the Army Corps assessment as a defense.

“We are confident the USACE [US Army Corps of Engineers] has adequately addressed the portion of the project subject to their review. They are the experts in this area and we believe they have done an excellent job addressing any comments received to date. The decisions by two separate federal courts show that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers acted with great care and followed the law with respect to the river crossing permits issued to Dakota Access,” Energy Transfer Partners spokesperson Vicki Granado said in a statement.

However, Army Corps spokesperson Moira Kelley said that they will be taking the independent investigation into account and will consider rerouting the pipeline.

Kuprewicz and his crew are not the only experts who believe that these landslides could be a huge problem. According to Mohammad Najafi, another pipeline safety expert from the University of Texas at Arlington, a pipeline in this path would not be a good idea.

“The pipe is not designed for that load. There will be a lot of weight on the pipe, that would cause the pipe to break, that’s obvious,” Najafi said.

Najafi suggested that the pipeline should be rerouted and that the pipe should be thicker and encased in concrete.

Najafi also agreed that there are not enough safeguards in place in case of a pipeline rupture.

“They get a lot of false alarms with this type of equipment and the operators don’t know which ones are right and which ones are wrong. By the time action can be taken, millions of gallons of oil can be spilled,” he said.

The pipeline is being constructed by the Energy Transfer Partners corporation and will stretch 1,172 miles from the Bakken fields of North Dakota to Patoka, Illinois, crossing the Missouri river.

The pipeline runs alongside the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota, and according to the National Historic Preservation Act, the tribe should have been consulted about the project before it was approved by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The tribe was not contacted and they contest that the pipeline threatens their water supply, their way of life, and is technically on property that was stolen from them.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
73950,"A cancer patient was arrested outside of the Trans-Pacific Partnership meeting in Atlanta this week and was accused of disrupting the negotiations. Zahara Heckscher, a woman living with cancer, was protesting how the controversial trade agreement would affect her access to affordable cancer medications.

The meetings included bureaucrats from dozens of different countries and took place at the Westin Hotel.

Heckscher arrived at the meeting wearing a shirt that said “I Have Cancer. I Can’t Wait Years” and was holding a hospital medication drip that read “TPP: Don’t Cut My IV.”

Advertisment

In a video posted to YouTube, Heckscher can be seen being carried away by police in handcuffs because she refused to leave the area where the conference was being held.

According Heckscher and a growing number of people who need long-term medications, the highly secretive TPP deal would further monopolize the already tightly controlled pharmaceutical industry.

In a later statement, Heckscher explained that:

“For thousands of women to die unnecessary of breast cancer because of the TPP is a horrible, cruel, premeditated, and avoidable catastrophe. The provisions being decided by TPP ministers today could allow drug monopolies on biologics for 8 years. Some of these medicines cost up to tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. When you have breast cancer today, you can’t wait 8 years or 7 years or 6 years for a treatment to become available or affordable. When you have cancer, even a one-year delay in affordable medicine can be a death sentence. That is why we call this proposed provision of the TPP a ‘death sentence clause.’ If it passes, thousands of women like me will die waiting.”

Public Citizen, a Washington activist group that has protested the TPP, explained how TPP would affect the pharmaceutical industry in a recent statement, saying that:

The USTR has long pushed for increased marketing exclusivity periods for biologics – medical products derived from living organisms, including many new and forthcoming cancer treatments. Exclusivity means product monopolies, with no competition from generics or biosimilars; medicine prices in the tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars per person; and the rationing of treatment access. Marketing exclusivity is separate from and independent of patent protection, though the protections may overlap. The USTR has supported an eight-year minimum monopoly period, while a majority bloc of negotiating countries will not consider more than five years’ exclusivity.

The video below shows Heckscher’s arrest:

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter-culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work, he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102582,"Most people in jail in the U.S. have not been convicted of any crime. That is unless poverty can be considered an automatic-lockup offense.

Tour a jail in any county in the nation and chances are six of every 10 inmates are people legally presumed innocent and still awaiting trial. The majority of those inmates are stuck behind bars not based on their presumed risk to the outside community or likelihood to appear in court, but solely because they were unable to afford their bail bond.

And the people who can’t afford to pay are not typically the high-stakes defendants with bail bonds set to the tune of $$50,000 plus. Far more often the people with low-stakes bonds, between $$50 and $$1,000, are the ones that sit in jail, unable to work, accumulating bills and costing the taxpayers tens of thousands of dollars.

Why is this the case? A for-profit, unregulated, centuries-old $$14 billion bail bonds industry thrives in this country. The people in the business of dishing out bail bonds for desperate defendants are looking to turn a serious profit from the high-stakes bonds, in part via nonrefundable fees charged to the defendents.

The current system works in such a way that the folks with money can buy their freedom, and the folks without money cannot. On top of that, the highest level alleged criminals are the ones getting bailed out by profiteering bail bonds companies, while nonviolent, low-risk petty crime defendents end up filling America’s already-overcrowded jails, at times for months—even years—on end before they’re even been allowed their constitutional right to a fair trial.

New York’s WNYC Radio published a story titled “No Bail Money Keeps Poor People Behind Bars” in which they cite the case of Raul Hernandez who was arrested Aug. 2 for misdemeanor drug possession after a cop accused him of “dropping an empty plastic bag containing heroine residue.”

While Hernandez told WNYC he has multiple convictions on his record, mainly for drugs and larceny, he said that this time he was innocent, so he turned down a deal that would put him in jail for 7 days if he plead guilty. When Hernandez rejected the plea agreement, a judge decided to set his bail at $$500 pending trial.

“I couldn’t post it,” Hernandez told WNYC. “I don’t have nobody.”

So he was held in Rikers Island, New York City’s primary jail complex, for nine days—more time than he would have served if he’d accepted the plea deal.

“On his next court date, he came back expecting to argue his case — only the cop who allegedly witnessed the incident was off that day and unavailable to testify,” the article notes. “So Hernandez had a choice: maintain his innocence and stay in jail, or plead guilty, get credit for the time he already served and go home. He pleaded guilty to get out of jail.”

Fifty-three percent of all felony defendants in the U.S. remain in jail the entire time leading up to their trials due to lack of funds for even seemingly small financial bonds, according to the Pretrial Justice Institute a national nonprofit organization focused on pretrial research and education. The most common reason someone is held in jail pretrial is money—the inability to pay their monetary bail bond, according to PJI.

That bond could be for $$100, or $$50,000, and regardless of their alleged crime, if the person can’t pay, they will remain in jail. On average, this means a person will be stuck in jail for three or four months, but in some cases pretrial jail time can last more than a year.

Advertisment

Keeping hundreds of thousands of people in jail while awaiting trial is not cheap. Pretrial incarceration costs the U.S. about $$9 billion every year. It costs $$60 on average per day to fill a single jail bed, and in some counties that cost jumps to more than $$200 per day. Taxpayers are picking up the tab.

Debtor’s Jails in New Jersey and California?

New Jersey offers one of the more severe examples of how pretrial detention in the U.S. is keeping poor people behind bars. A report conducted by the Drug Policy Alliance and Luminosity revealed in March that in New Jersey, on any given day, close to 75 percent of the 15,000 people in jail are awaiting trial rather than serving a sentence. Often, their detention is solely based on their inability to pay a nominal financial bail bond, and has nothing to do with the risks associated with their release from jail.

About 40 percent of the total New Jersey jail population has the option to post bail, but lacks the funds to do so—and more than 1,500 of those cases could secure release pending trial with just $$2,500 or less. As a result, thousands of low-risk pretrial defendants end up stuck behind bars. While PJI estimates the average length of stay for pretrial inmates in the nation is between three and four months, in New Jersey it is a whopping 10 months.

In California the pretrial statistics are similarly grim according to Zachary Dal Pra, managing associate with the Crime and Justice Institute at Community Resources for Justice, an organization focused on accountability in the criminal and juvenile justice systems.

“It is fairly consistent in California that 60 to 70 percent of the inmates in jail are pretrial defendants,” he says. “This coupled with jail being a criminogenic factor and that the longer an individual spends in pretrial detention the more likely they will be convicted regardless of charge or criminal history, does not bode well for those who can’t afford to bond out.”

CJI works with jurisdictions across the country, and in California in particular. Dal Pra says over the last several years the institute observed high percentages of pretrial inmates in overcrowded local jails.

“These jurisdictions were asking for assistance to address these issues and other related issues affecting their systems,” he said. “Without effective pretrial programs to provide alternatives to keeping defendants in custody while they await charges or trial, local systems will spend a great deal of their jail resources on individuals who do not need to be held. These resources could be used in other parts of the system or jail if courts and others knew who they could release safely and were confident they would attend their court hearings.”

Money Bonds Do Not Decrease Risk

But doesn’t the money-based bail bond system, and resulting pretrial detention, keep criminal threats off the streets and ensure that alleged felons show up for their assigned court dates? According to the research, the answer is a resounding no.

Dal Pra says the more CJI worked with county jail systems, the more they saw reliance on financial release conditions.

“This concerned us as we knew the research indicated that financial bonds plays no role in predicting who will show up in court or commit new crimes while released,” he said. “So we started looking at pretrial risk assessments based on validated research on predictors of pretrial behavior as an alternative jurisdictions could use to assist decision-makers in releasing offenders.”

Mike Jones, a senior project associate for PJI in Colorado, has worked on criminal justice issues for 10 years, and pretrial issues for six.

“The fact is, money does not address public safety, but systems act as if it does,” Jones told AlterNet.

At the International Drug Policy Reform Conference in Denver last month, Jones was part of a panel discussion titled, “How Money Bail Exploits the Poor and Makes the Bond Industry Rich.”

The panel outlined issues of inequity caused by money-based bail bonds, and presented a new study released mid-October that for the first time compares pretrial release outcomes by the type of money-based bond used.

The study controlled for the statistical risk level of defendants released pretrial—meaning their presumed public safety risk as well as flight risk.

The study compared unsecured bonds (meaning no money is paid upfront but the defendant promises to pay the full amount if they fail to appear in court at the scheduled date) with secured bonds (meaning either cash or surety that a defendant must pay upfront in order to be released from jail). The Colorado-based study took into account a total of 1,919 cases.

The results showed unanimously that the amount of money attached to a bond does not make a difference in the likelihood of whether a person will appear in court for his trial date.

Unsecured bonds are just as effective at achieving public safety as secured bonds. Unsecured bonds are also just as effective at achieving court appearance as secured bonds, and the amount of money attached to the bond did not make a difference in court appearance rates. A larger dollar amount attached to a secured bond is, however, associated with increased pretrial jail bed use, which makes sense because when it comes to unsecured bonds, the lower risk, releasable defendants are allowed to leave jail sooner (94 percent unsecured vs. 61 percent secured).

The study also found unsecured bonds are just as effective as secured bonds at preventing defendants who fail to appear in court from “remaining at-large on a warrant.”

The For-Profit Bail Bonds Industry

In some countries, including Australia, Canada and England, it is a crime to write bail bonds for profit.

In the U.S., a century-old for-profit commercial bail bonding industry thrives around the cash-based bonds system. Defendants who can’t afford to pay bail often turn to bail bonding companies, which can (and do) charge a nonrefundable fee in exchange for the bail bonding company’s promise to pay the full value of the bond to the court should the defendant fail to appear.

According to a report by the Justice Policy Institute, a national nonprofit focused on justice reform, about 15,000 bail bond agents work in the U.S., who write bonds for approximately $$14 billion every year. Those companies are backed by multibillion-dollar “insurance giants.”

According to JPI, bail bond companies take billions from low-income people every year, with no return investment in in society as far as public safety goes.

In March 2012, PJI released a report titled, “Rational and Transparent Bail Decision Making: Moving from a Cash Based to a Risk Based Process,” a section of which outlines the various ways the private bail bonds industry is unchecked and unaccountable to both defendants and the courts system.

Among the most alarming facts about the bail bonds industry include the fact that bail bonds companies have immense financial incentive to put up bonds only for the highest level offenders, who are typically awarded higher bail bond amounts by the court. It follows that the higher the bond, the more expensive a non-refundable fee the company can logically charge.

More alarming still is the idea that bail bonding companies can actually profit from increased criminal activity. They are only liable to ensure the defendant appears in court, but have zero accountability for that defendant’s potential crimes once they are out in the community on a bond. “In fact,” the report states, “the more that defendants are rearrested while on bond, the more potential business for the bonding companies. Rearrests simply become opportunities for repeat customers.”

Perhaps most striking, however, is the fact that a bonding company can legally take a fee from a defendant, and once they are released from jail the company has complete authority to return them to custody the very next day without providing any reason for their actions. And the company gets to keep the fee.

Pretrial Reform Is Possible

Bail bond reform bills are already in place in four states. Wisconsin, Illinois, Kentucky and Oregon have done away with commercial bonds.

At the International Drug Policy Reform Conference panel, speakers discussed the example of Kentucky, where in 2011 lawmakers began working to improve the state’s pretrial system. They successfully shifted the pretrial procedure from reliance a money-based system to a risk-based system that assesses who is best-suited for release. Kentucky’s system now relies on required risk-assessments and an improved system of pretrial supervision, which emphasizes alternatives to jailing lower risk defendants. Courts require conditions like GPS monitoring and drug testing for more moderate risk offenders. When defendants are kept in jail while awaiting trial, they receive $$100 credit toward their bond each day, which allows them to earn their release while locked up.

Organizations like PJI and CJI among others are working to expand reform efforts, and change the way the pretrial criminal justice system works nationwide. They are focused on shifting it away from money bonds and toward risk assessment.

Jones noted that especially now, as government funds are tight across the board, it is time to establish more efficient, risk-based pretrial systems.

“The system cannot afford to lock up people it doesn’t need to anymore,” he said. “In the current pretrial system people are ending up in the wrong spot, whereas a risk-based system helps assure the right people are in the right place, whether that’s jail or the community.”

Zachary Dal Pra of CJI told AlterNet the best way people can work to change the current system is to “urge their elected officials and criminal justice policy makers to use research-based jail alternatives to strategically reduce the use of jail for many pretrial defendants.”

He continued, “There are safe and effective risk assessment instruments that courts and others can use in making release decisions, and encouraging them to look at these can help. There is also a need to educate criminal justice stakeholders in the pretrial research and literature and the costly use of financial bonds.”

Source Alternet.org",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38623,"“I wouldn’t really say [he was killed] because Eric was a black man. It’s due to the fact that they stole money from [Eric] and refused to give him his money, and he filed charges against them.”

New York, NY — The Free Thought Project has been given exclusive information as to why Eric Garner may have been killed by the NYPD. This new information paints an entirely different picture as to why police were harassing Garner that fateful day back in July.

The information comes from an interview that took place last Thursday with Benjamin Carr. Benjamin Carr is Eric Garner’s stepfather, who was in the media recently peacefully resolving a situation with an angry protester.

The brief clip, obtained exclusively by the Free Thought Project, is part of a much larger collection of video which is going to be part of a documentary on police misconduct, which is why the videographer who gave it to us, has placed a watermark over it.

In the interview, Carr tells us that police didn’t show up that day because Garner broke up a fight or sold loosey cigarettes; they were there because police had a history of harassing Garner.

Carr explains that police had actually stolen money from Garner, who subsequently planned to file a complaint against the NYPD for this theft. Police were there that day, Carr says, not to shake Garner down for selling smokes, but to retaliate against him for trying to expose their theft.

Advertisment

When the interviewer asks Carr if he thinks that the police singled out Garner because he was black, this is what he said,

“I wouldn’t really say [he was killed] because Eric was a black man. It’s due to the fact that they stole money from him and refused to give him his money, and he filed charges against them. This is why they had a vendetta against him. “

The Free Thought Project tried multiple times to confirm this complaint against the NYPD by reaching out to their Staten Island precinct. However, after being placed on hold by the NYPD for long periods of time, hung up on, and eventually ignored, we were unable to get a statement from them in regards to this case. The recordings of these calls will be put up on our Radio Show youtube channel for review.

However, we did confirm with a member of Garner’s family that Eric Garner was frequently harassed by these officers, and it goes much deeper than money. Garner had actually been sexually assaulted by the NYPD, on multiple occasions, according to our sources.

Of course, this sounds ridiculous. How would the NYPD sexually assault a man like Eric Garner, and why? But if we dig a little deeper we see that officer Daniel Pantaleo, the man who was responsible for Garner’s death, has been sued three times for violating the constitutional rights of other black males in the area, by performing humiliating strip searches and fondling the genitalia of his victims, some of them in public view.

The most recent of these lawsuits was just filed in November and comes from Kenneth Collins, who says in the lawsuit that he “was subjected to a degrading search of his private parts and genitals by the defendants.”

The NYPD paid out a settlement last year to two men who sued the city because Pantaleo forced them to strip naked in public as he “touched and searched their genital areas, or stood by while this was done in their presence.”

According to another lawsuit, victim Rylawn Walker, was charged with marijuana possession and underwent similar rights violations by Pantaleo. The charges were dismissed against Walker and the case sealed on a motion from prosecutors. His lawsuit against the NYPD stated that Walker “was committing no crime at that time and was not acting in a suspicious manner.”

Defense lawyer Michael Colihan summed up this atrocity when he wrote a letter in August 2014 to U.S. District Judge Edgardo Ramos. In his letter, Colihan said:

“To put it mildly, many police on Staten Island have been playing fast, loose and violently with the public they seem to have forgotten they are sworn to protect,” wrote Colihan. “After litigating about 200 of these civil rights matters in the Eastern and Southern Districts of New York since 1977, I have seen no interest by the managers of the New York City Police Department, or anyone employed by the city of New York, in doing anything to stop this.”

After knowing what the NYPD is capable of, these allegations by Benjamin Carr are not surprising in the least. In fact, just 2 months ago, an NYPD officer was actually caught on film stealing over $$1,000 in cash from victim Lamard Joye, during a “stop and frisk.” The entire incident was caught on film and we were told that it’s “under internal investigation,” yet nothing has happened.

How many incidents like this one happen daily without consequences for the perpetrators?

Is it any surprise now, seeing why Garner reacted to police with such contempt and non-violent resistance? We are looking at a man being shaken down by people, who’ve allegedly sexually assaulted him multiple times, as well as stolen money from him. And from the video of the incident, it appears that they wished to cause him harm as well.

Would you have been as cordial if armed men with a history of stealing from you and feeling up your private parts, were there to do it all again?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90030,"Las Vegas, NV — A family has lost their fight with the federal government to keep their land near the mysterious Area 51 in Nevada. The 400-acre Groom Mine property belonging to the Sheehan family was condemned by the U.S. Air Force after the family rejected a buyout which they felt was unfair.

A federal judge then signed the “order for immediate delivery of possession” through eminent domain, seizing the property in the interest of top-secret military operations.

The property had been in the Sheehan family since the 1870s, and still contains valuable minerals that can be mined. It also contains the remains of deceased family members dating to the 19th century.

Advertisment

As the military-industrial complex assumed its might after World War II, a vast government buffer zone termed the Nevada Test and Training Range developed around the Sheehan’s property. Groom Mine overlooks the Groom Lake dry bed, better known as Area 51, which has long been a testing ground for highly advanced aerial vehicles.

The family has been silent about their experience with the federal government until negotiations turned sour. Now they tell a tale of harassment and subterfuge.

Family members continued to work at the mine—which produced lead, silver and copper—until 1954 when atomic tests became overbearing. The government “accidentally” destroyed a mill that was used to process ore, shutting down mine production. Grandparents of the current owners went bankrupt trying to fight the government in court.

The campaign against the Sheehans has been relentless.

“They have driven away prospective business partners and told them, “If you buy the place or try to operate, we are going to condemn it, and you’re going lose your money,” said co-owner Dan Sheehan.

“They held people at gunpoint. They withdrew 89,000 acres of land, surrounded our property and made us an island,” said Joe Sheehan.

“We’ve been illegally searched. I was threatened to be arrested on a trip when I was going out one time to get on our land, our own privately owned land,” said Barbara Sheehan-Manning. “But six years before that, they placed a security shack on the road that our grandfather built for access to our own property and started requiring us to go through their checkpoints in order to gain access.”

Faced with the full weight of the federal government, the Sheehans must now abandon their property and accept the compensation, which will be determined in court. The Air Force values the land at $$1.5 million but made a final offer of $$5.2 million.

The family estimates the value of their 21 mineral claims alone to be at least $$10 million, and they also say that indignities they suffered over decades must be considered. This includes buildings being strafed by military planes and radiation from nuclear testing in the 50s and 60s.

When the Sheehans began negotiating with the government for the property, they were unaware that the Air Force had already received congressional approval to condemn the land. They may also be forced to sign an inadvertent disclosure agreement that would prevent them from discussing visits to their property.

The seizure of the Sheehan’s property, the last piece of land in an enormous area of top-secret activity, represents the triumph of war and secrecy over the rights of citizens. Nothing is sacred when it comes to government advancing the cause of militarization.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89407,"St. Petersburg, FL – Newly released dash cam footage reveals a Florida sheriff lied last month when he falsely claimed that his deputies took off their gun belts and attempted to save three drowning teenage girls. Instead of attempting to rescue the dying teens, the deputies can be seen on video standing beside the pond while listening to the girls’ final screams.

According to Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri, a friend asked 35-year-old Damien Marriott to drive the three teenage girls to Child’s Park on Wednesday, March 30. For some reason, Marriott reportedly stopped at a Walmart to buy a TV when he left his keys in the ignition with the engine running along with three girls that he did not know sitting in his 1990 Honda Accord. Although Child’s Park closes at 8 p.m. on Wednesdays, Marriott did not return to his vehicle or report his car stolen until 8:30 p.m. that night.

Several hours later, deputies reported seeing the Honda run a red light without its headlights on during a pursuit. Entering the back of a cemetery, the girls accidentally drove the Honda into a pond as deputies exited their vehicles and remained standing on shore.

Advertisment

While the Honda submerged into the swamp, a recently released police dash cam video recorded a deputy exclaiming, “I hear them yelling, I think!”

As the video moves forward another deputy can be heard saying, “They’re done. They are 6-7, dude.”

“They were yelling,” a deputy responds. “I thought I heard yelling.”

“As it was going down,” the other deputy interjects. “But now, they’re done. They’re done.”

Although Sheriff Gualtieri announced at a press conference that his deputies flung off their gun belts and dove into the swamp in a failed attempt to save the teenage girls, police dash cam video actually shows the deputies standing near the shore listening to the girls scream to death.

Two hours later, a tow truck pulled out a vehicle containing the deceased bodies of 16-year-old Dominique Battle from St. Petersburg High School, 15-year-old Ashaunti Butler from Dixie Hollins High, and 15-year-old Laniya Miller from Gibbs High.

“My daughter was not perfect,” Miller’s mother, Natasha Winkler, recently told ABC Action News through tears. “What 15-year-old is?”

Despite the fact that the sheriff initially released false information and his deputies likely provided false reports claiming they tore off their gun belts and dove into the murky water to save the dying teen girls, no criminal charges have been filed against any of the deceitful deputies. Caught on police dash cam video, the deputies clearly falsified their reports after standing around while callously listening to the drowning girls die.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75243,"A shooting in Las Vegas Sunday night has resulted in reports that indicate the deadliest mass shooting in United States history, with 50 dead and over 400 injured. There have been a number of reports in the hours since the massacre. Here are 5 fast facts:

1.The gunman has been identified as Stephen Craig Paddock, a 64-year-old white male

The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department released a statement early Monday claiming that “the lone suspect involved in the late night mass shooting on the Las Vegas Strip as 64-year-old, Stephen Craig Paddock, a white male from Mesquite, Nevada.”

According to a spokesperson for the department, police in the area have had no previous contact with Paddock, and the only thing on his record was a minor traffic violation.

Here's a pic of #LasVegasShooting perpetrator #StephenPaddock. Older white male yet you'll hear no stereotypes about them on @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/rfzs69iv2e — #BeatFSU🏈 (@marclaw69) October 2, 2017

2.Initial reports claimed police shot and killed Paddock—but then changed to claim Paddock was found dead

When reports first surfaced about this shooting, they claimed the gunman was shot and killed by police. They then changed to claim that he was found dead in his hotel room.

Advertisment

What we know now: — More than 50 dead in the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history

— Gunman, who was killed by police, identified as Stephen Paddock, 64

— Concertgoers dove for cover as shots came from above, in the Mandalay Bay Hotelhttps://t.co/TY9vL38l8K — Washington Post (@washingtonpost) October 2, 2017

#LasVegas latest • At least 50 dead

• Over 400 injured

• Lone gunman, Stephen Paddock, found dead in hotel room https://t.co/riGzMAKqiz pic.twitter.com/zjktApe1nB — BBC Breaking News (@BBCBreaking) October 2, 2017

Eric Paddock, the brother of Stephen Paddock, told Fox 35 that he was shocked to learn about the shooting, and would never have expected anything like it from his brother. He said Stephen was not affiliated with any groups or religions that would have inspired such an act.

“This really just fell on us,” the suspected gunman’s brother said. “We had absolutely no idea whatsoever. We have no idea why he did this, and that’s what you’re going to find out… I can’t imagine. What you guys find out about why this happened—let us know.”

MORE: Brother of #LasVegas shooter says Paddock is ""just a guy"" and he ""freaked"" #fox35 — Dana Jay (@FOX35danajay) October 2, 2017

3.There were also conflicting reports on the number of gunmen involved in the shooting

The shooting occurred in an open area where around 22,000 people were attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival concert, and because the shooter was reportedly located on the 32nd floor of a nearby hotel, it created a chaotic situation on the ground.

It should be noted that some individuals on Twitter who claimed they were present during the shooting, also insisted that there were multiple shooters.

This was the most terrifying night of my life. 100% there were multiple shooters, it was coming in multiple directions. https://t.co/d6HpspYpZP — Amy Lipman (@AmyLipman1) October 2, 2017

While police have confirmed that they have found the lone gunman suspect they were looking for, daylight has shown that at least two windows on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel were destroyed. If Stephen Paddock was the only one responsible for the shooting, it shows the scope of time and access he had, while carrying out the shooting.

The Free Thought Project spoke to a nurse currently working in a hospital in Las Vegas, who called the situation “a bloodbath.”

4.Nevada has some of the most relaxed gun laws in the country—which will inevitably come under scrutiny

Stephen Paddock was reportedly found “in possession of more than 10 rifles” in his hotel room. While most mass shootings typically result in a number of politicians calling for stricter gun laws, the state of Nevada is unique in that it has some of the most relaxed gun laws in the country.

Nevada allows open carry, does not require the registration of firearms, and has no magazine capacity restriction. Initial reports from witnesses claimed the shooting sounded like it was being carried out with a machine gun. While that has not been confirmed by police, the National Rifle Association noted that in the state, “it is lawful to possess, purchase or sell a machine gun or silencer that is legally registered and possessed in compliance with all federal laws and regulations.”

Witness footage captures the harrowing moment a gunman opens fire during the Las Vegas shooting. Latest updates: https://t.co/g1JMfLQccV pic.twitter.com/JHod2F3zjj — NBC News (@NBCNews) October 2, 2017

5.The media has been hesitant to label this shooting for what it is—terrorism

The suspected gunman has been identified as a “local individual” by police after he took to the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel and began firing a barrage of shots outside out of a hotel room window. However, reports have claimed that police are not calling the shooting an act of terrorism “at this point.”

Steven Paddock, regardless of which group tries to use this tragedy for their cause, is a fucking terrorist. Call him a terrorist! pic.twitter.com/2ReVdcT3A3 — Matt Agorist (@MattAgorist) October 2, 2017

When President Trump addressed the shooting, he referred to it as “an act of pure evil,” but refrained from calling it “terrorism.”

This is in spite of the recent statement from ISIS claiming responsibility for the attack.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38920,"Jasper, TN — Last month, Lisa Marie Palmer, upset that her children had missed the bus, again, decided that it would be a good learning experience for them if they walked to school.

Palmer then got in her car and drove in front of her two daughters as they walked the 3-mile route to school.

While some may think that having kids walk to school is a harsh punishment, it is far better than beating them. That being said, when Marion County sheriff’s deputy Chris Ladd spotted the two girls walking behind their mother’s car, he just had to stop it.

Advertisment

In his report, Ladd said it appeared Palmer was driving ahead of her children and allowing them to catch up to her car until the kids reached the school.

Sheriff Ronnie “Bo” Burnett said Palmer told deputies that her daughters were being punished for missing the bus.

Of course, a police officer stopping to ask why two children are walking behind a car is rational. But, once Ladd realized what was going on, he should have simply gone about his business and moved on. However, that’s not what happened.

Instead of allowing this mother of two to continue to teach her children a lesson in a non-violent creative way, Ladd charged Palmer.

Even though the children had made it over a mile already under her plan, Palmer was subsequently charged with child neglect.

To justify his actions, Ladd stated in the report that “Temperatures were cold, and traffic was beginning to become heavy with citizens heading to work.” He went on to state that “Mrs. Palmer was in no position to reach her children safely in the event of an emergency.”

The Tennessee Department of Children’s Services is now investigating the case and Lisa Marie Palmer and her husband Douglas Palmer could face the possibility of losing their children.

Lisa Palmer is due in court on April 18 on charges of child neglect and driving without a license.

Sadly, this incident is not an isolated one. The nanny state is out in full force.

Last year, the Free Thought Project reported the story of two Maryland parents who were found responsible, by Child Protective Services (CPS), of “unsubstantiated child neglect,” for allowing their 10-year-old boy and 6-year-old girl to walk a mile home, from a local playground to the family residence.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104557,"Winslow, AZ — In March, police officer Austin Shipley responded to a call about a woman acting irregularly in a store. Within minutes of his arrival, he would kill 27-year-old Native American woman Loreal Tsingine.

Last week, conveniently before they released the body camera footage, Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery issued a statement excusing Officer Shipley and said he would not pursue criminal charges against him because he was protecting himself and another officer who felt “threatened” by the 100 lb woman.

“After a careful review of the facts surrounding the case, including available video evidence and witness statements from all involved, my office found no evidence of criminal conduct on the part of Officer Shipley,” Montgomery’s statement said.

Late Wednesday night, officials finally released the body camera footage from that fateful day. It confirms witness testimonies.

Shipley claims that Tsingine brandished a pair of scissors which caused him to fear for his life and put five bullets into the 5-foot tall, 100 lb woman. However, witnesses saw a different version of events.

According to Tsingine’s cousin, David Villaescusa, he watched a video of the incident which he says did not show her threaten the officer with the scissors. “She had a pair of scissors that she used to cut her hair split ends,” Villaescusa said. “She stood only five feet tall and weighed less than 100 lbs. Shipley, on the other hand, is over six feet tall and weighs over 200 pounds. I don’t think he had to shoot her.”

Advertisment

“I watched the video,” explains Villaescusa. “She never raised those scissors towards the officer.”

According to bystanders, Shipley showed up after another officer had Tsingine completely under control and had both hands behind her back — yet he continued to yell “stop resisting” as if he wanted the situation to escalate. Moments later, a troubled woman in need of mental help was lying on the ground twitching in a pool of her own blood.

The cowardly and outright abusive behavior in the video below is hard to watch.

Officer Austin Shipley is no stranger to hurting women, and, in fact, according to his fellow officers — he should have never been a cop.

According to records obtained by the Associated Press, at least two officers who trained Shipley had serious concerns about his work, including that he was too quick to go for his service weapon, ignored directives from superiors and falsified reports.

It gets worse.

Before he was even hired as a police officer out of training in 2013, a police corporal recommended that the Winslow Police Department not hire him.

Before Shipley finished the academy, Cpl. Ron Chisholm wrote to Lt. Ken Arend and police Chief Steve Garnett and said, “I do not believe that this officer should be retained by the Winslow Police Department” and outlined a list of reasons. He cited integrity issues, failing to control suspects, not communicating with other officers, not accurately reporting facts and repeatedly questioning his training officers’ directives, according to the report.

But Chisholm wasn’t the only cop who saw trouble in hiring Shipley. Cpl. Jason Thermen also went on record to voice his concerns about Shipley in July of 2013. According to the AP, Thermen said Shipley wrongly believed his badge gave him license to harass the public and ridicule citizens of the small northeastern Arizona city.

Thermen also said Shipley was “pouting” because he didn’t allow the trainee to get into fights with a drunken person and with someone during a welfare check.

“Shipley advised me the next day he went home and ‘pouted’ because I took the fight away from him again,” Thermen wrote.

In their reports, Chisholm and Thermen both noted that Shipley was a danger to society, yet somehow, this man was still given a badge and a gun.

“If this behavior continues, it is going to get someone hurt,” Chisholm wrote, noting Shipley’s tendency to continue to go for his gun in situations where it was entirely uncalled for.

Even after he was hired, Shipley continued to build his rap sheet. Twice in only three years, Shipley was written up for abusing girls. The first time was for making inappropriate comments to a teenage girl. But the next time he’d be written up, it was for unnecessarily tasering a different girl.

As all of this information comes to light, the Native American community is being vindicated in their original claims of injustice. Their friend and daughter, who was undoubtedly troubled, did not deserve to die that night. However, her killer was irresponsibly given authority to initiate violence against citizens by a police department, and for their incompetence, a community now grieves and a killer cop remains on the streets.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74771,"As the global energy paradigm is undergoing the next great transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy, a new report shows that fossil fuels continue to be propped up by governments with staggering amounts of subsidies.

A study published in the World Development journal, by researchers from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), found that fossil fuel subsidies amounted to $$5.3 trillion dollars in 2015, rising from $$4.9 trillion in 2013. This amounts to 6.5 percent of global GDP.

The authors use an expanded view of subsidies, not only “direct financial cost that result in consumers paying a price that is below the opportunity cost of the product” but also externalized, hidden costs. These hidden costs include environmental damage from air and water pollution, and damage to human health from the burning of fossil fuels, as well as “taxes applied to consumer goods in general.”

The cost of fossil fuels to human health is estimated at $$74.6 billion a year; the environmental costs are more difficult to quantify but no less important, as human health depends on healthy ecosystems. The cost of U.S. military protection of overseas oil sources amounts to as much as $$1 per gallon at the pump.

Advertisment

It is absolutely justifiable to include these hidden costs of fossil fuels as subsidies. Every economist knows that externalized costs matter, and in the case of fossil fuels these are not shouldered by the coal and oil industries profiting from their extraction. These costs are placed on consumers via the state, and they must be quantified to achieve a true picture.

According to The Guardian:

“[T]he authors discuss both consumer subsidies (when the price paid by a consumer is below a benchmark price) and producer subsidies (when producers receive direct or indirect support which increases their profitability). The authors then quantify what benefits would be achieved if the fossil fuel subsidies were reformed… Pre-tax (the narrow view of subsidies) subsidies amount to 0.7% of global GDP in 2011 and 2013. But the more appropriate definition of subsidies is much larger (8 times larger than the pre-tax subsidies). We are talking enormous values of 5.8% of global GDP in 2011, rising to 6.5% in 2013.”

The authors also note that, unsurprisingly, coal and oil receive the most subsidies, and that China, USA and Russia are the top three subsidizers of fossil fuels.

For some in the U.S. coal industry, this is not enough. West Virginia governor and long-time coal baron, Jim Justice, is in discussions with President Trump about having the federal government (taxpayers) pay a direct subsidy of $$15/ton to Appalachian coal. Justice cites bogus “national security” threats for his proposal, but it’s really about using government to prop up the dying eastern U.S. coal industry. Workers in that region would be far better served diversifying into renewable energy, which provides five times more jobs than coal.

It’s important to note that coal is going down due to market forces, not a fictitious “war on coal.” The rapid fall of natural gas prices that came with the fracking boom is the primary threat to coal. In addition, wind and solar energy prices are crashing due to leaps in technology.

A third factor is flattening energy demand due to rising efficiency. No new regulations were put on coal since the 1970s — including during the rapid 5-year decline of coal — until Obama-era rules began going into effect in 2016.

On the subject of subsidies, it is certainly true that renewable energies have received subsidies as well, although the aforementioned study shows that they are dwarfed by fossil fuel subsidies. The externalized costs of fossil fuels in terms of damage to human and environmental health, military protection of overseas oil sources must be factored into the equation.

The fact is, renewable energy is now competitive or even cheaper than fossil fuels due to market forces – not subsidies. And this trend will continue as renewable prices keep falling due to rapid technology advances, despite the best efforts of administrations allied with the fossil fuel industry. Renewable energy is also an incredible economic machine, as solar and wind jobs are now growing 12 times faster than the U.S. economy.

To make the right choices concerning our energy paradigm, we must have accurate information, as study author Dr. David Coady notes.

“A key motivation for the paper was to increase awareness among policy makers and the public of the large subsidies that arise from pricing fossil fuels below their true social costs—this broader definition of subsidies accounts for the many negative side effects associated with the consumption of these fuels. By estimating these costs on a global scale, we hope to stimulate an informed policy debate and provide renewed impetus for policy reforms to reap the large potential benefits from more efficient pricing of fossil fuels in terms of improved public finances, improved population health and lower carbon emissions.”

It is past time to break fossil fuel’s grip on government, which appears to be the primary reason why fossil fuels are being sustained as top energy sources. If the true price of coal and oil were known to consumers – instead of being hidden through subsidies, taxes, military costs, and health and environmental costs – we would be much farther into the transition to renewable energy.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38915,"Moore, OK — In February of 2014, as a family walked out of a movie theater, they were confronted by police who would beat their father and husband to death. The killing of Luis Rodriguez by Moore police was captured on film by his wife Nair.

Nair now has obvious animosity toward the Moore police department for taking her husband from her that fateful night. So, she took to Facebook live to express her discontent with police, who are subsequently disallowing her from attending the deposition of one of the cops who killed her husband.

In the Facebook video, Nair referred to the officers who killed her husband on video as ‘pigs.’ Now, those same cops who killed her husband are trying to charge Nair with ‘inciting violence,’ because Nair calling them pigs and ‘asking for help’ made them fear for their lives.

However, during the video, Nair reveals that she was simply venting about the deposition and lack of income since police killed her husband.

“She made comments about her ‘husband killers’ and ‘won’t somebody please help me’ — in this day and age this could mean a number of things,” said David Kirk, an attorney who represents the Moore Warren Theater and three off-duty game wardens who were working as security guards at the theater the night of Luis Rodriguez’s death, according to News OK.

Advertisment

“A number of people involved in the lawsuit thought that was tremendously inappropriate and we felt the need to act. We don’t think it was very nice of her to threaten the lives and safety of our clients,” Kirk said.

For asking for help after police killed her husband, in the same manner they would go on to kill Eric Garner, Nair is being targeted. Imagine the hurt and helplessness a widow must feel after cops kill her innocent husband on video, get away with it, then threaten her for speaking out about it. It is pure madness.

“As you hear, here on the 13th floor is where they are conducting the depo of Joseph Bradley, the killer, the one who asphyxiated Luis and he is still free of responsibility,” Nair said in the video.

“This is the system. Please, if you can help me, I know it would not be in vain.”

On that tragic February night back in 2014, Nair Rodriguez and her daughter Lunahi got into an argument at the Warren Theater around midnight. Nair said she slapped her daughter then stormed away. Her husband, Luis, chased after her. That was when the family said officers confronted Luis Rodriguez and asked to see his identification.

According to Lunahi and Nair, he tried to bypass the officers to stop his wife from driving off because she was so angry. They said officers took him down and it escalated.

Lunahi Rodriguez said that five officers beat her father to death right in front of her, in the parking lot of the movie theater.

The heart-wrenching video is hard to watch and shows Luis Rodriguez gasp for air, saying, “I can’t breathe,” as police squeeze the life from his body.

It only took four months for officials to clear the cops in the murder of Luis Rodriguez. Since then, Nair has filed a lawsuit against them.

As PINAC reports, an autopsy conducted by the Cleveland County Medical Examiner concluded that Luis Rodriguez died from “cardiac arrhythmia due to physical restraint,” basically blaming the victim for his heart not being able to withstand five cops piling on top of him while choking, punching and kneeing him.

However, a private autopsy conducted by a doctor hired by the Rodriguez family determined that the 44-year-old man died from “asphyxia caused by restricted respiration caused by external forces.”

Luis was choked to death — on video — and the only person who may face charges for this, is his wife who filmed it. And this is called ‘justice’ in the Land of the Free.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89903,"As early as 2035, the United States could find itself in a much less dominant world role, possibly even usurped in military and economic power by states such as Russia and China, according to a new report from the Pentagon’s research division.

In what could jointly be considered a warning for the U.S. officials as well as a potential excuse to inflate the country’s military budget, the Department of Defense’s Defense Technical Information Center (DTIC) paints a dire picture of a “disordered and contested” world in which America begins to slump from its position as the world’s sole superpower.

According to the report, titled “Joint Operating Environment 2035”:

“A range of competitors will confront the United States and its global partners and interests. Contested norms will feature adversaries that credibly challenge the rules and agreements that define the international order […] Confrontations involving contested norms and persistent disorder are likely to be violent, but also include a degree of competition with a military dimension short of traditional armed conflict.”

It continues:

Advertisment

“The future World Order will see a number of states with the political will, economic capacity, and military capabilities to compel change at the expense of others.”

Though assessing national security threats could be considered standard operating procedure, this report comes conveniently as the U.S. somewhat surreptitiously steps up its — proven false — narrative of Russian aggression. As NATO assembles several thousand troops along Russia’s borders under the auspices of member-state protectionism, Russia has repeatedly warned the encroachment would not be taken lightly.

Over-anxious Baltic states and Poland — including Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia — have requested and received additional insulation in the form of several thousand NATO ground troops along their borders with the U.S.’ old Cold War foe for the purposes of “defense and deterrence.” This, despite General Petr Pavel, chairman of the NATO Military Committee, admitting in June,

“It is not the aim of NATO to create a military barrier against broadscale Russian aggression, because such aggression is not on the agenda and no intelligence assessment suggests such a thing.”

And Russia isn’t the only sovereign nation in whose affairs the U.S. continues to perilously meddle.

As Americans debate the finer points of presidential election-rigging, the Pentagon has inserted itself in a longstanding territorial dispute over both waters and islands in the South China Sea under the familiar guise of protecting nervous allies — in this case, India and the Philippines.

Beginning in October, the U.S. deployed an aircraft carrier and a number of warships to the hotly contended waters — an act taken as military provocation by China. As an assumed additional show of readiness to that aggression, China recently released six-year-old video of a missile launch and announced new quantum communications technology whose employment as military surveillance cannot be overlooked.

Not surprisingly, the JOE report flatly ignores steadied analyses contrary to the theories of Russian and Chinese aggression, instead noting:

“It is likely that Russia will continue to use the threat of military power to secure regional interests and promote perceptions that it is still a great power. Iran will continue to develop and leverage regional proxies and partners. Meanwhile China might a more dynamic and adaptive maritime stratagem in an attempt to impose irreversible outcomes for island disputes in the East and South China Seas.”

And, later, it continues:

“While most rising powers are likely to focus on gaining greater access and influence within the current international system, some states will be willing to use violence or coercion to revise certain aspects of the international order […]

“Rising powers include for example, China, Russia, India, Iran, or Brazil have increasingly expressed dissatisfaction with their roles, access, and authorities within the current international system.”

Although the Pentagon’s report ostensibly comprises threats nearly 20 years in the future, President Obama’s nuclear weapons modernization budget — which tops the astonishing $$1 trillion mark — has, in the eyes of critics, needlessly stoked a de facto renewed arms race, this time with an alarming caveat:

“The increased spending on U.S. nuclear weapons is already provoking similar responses from Russia and China,” advised David Culp, legislative representative with the Quaker-affiliated Friends Committee on National Legislation, as cited by the Intercept last month. “We are slowly slipping back into another Cold War, but this time on two fronts.”

Despite Culp’s and multiple other critics’ warnings to let cooler heads prevail, the FOE report evidences the alarms landed on deaf ears.

“Over the next two decades, there will be a significant evolution in long-range strike weapons capable of ranging the U.S. homeland. Russia will modernize its land, air, and sea-based intercontinental nuclear forces. China’s recent industrial and economic growth combined with its desire to once again be a regional hegemon and global power may result in new nuclear doctrine emphasizing first use and a counter force approach, versus its current counter value doctrine and capabilities. Future delivery mechanisms might include hypersonic missiles, long-range cruise missiles, and ballistic missiles with maneuverable warheads, all designed to penetrate U.S. defensive systems.”

As various states grow increasingly “dissatisfied” with the “Western notion of international order,” the report states, new and “nontraditional” alliances may be required with “a wide array of actors to include self-governing ethnic groups, non-governmental organizations, multinational corporations, and perhaps even friendly local militia groups. The search for unanticipated and atypical partners will likely be a common theme, particularly in the early phases of future conflicts.”

Overall, it could be gleaned from the report that the Pentagon has begun to recognize both the precipitous decline of American imperialism and the resultant multi-fronted global threats from years of meddling in sovereign nations’ affairs. Though more traditional allegiances underpin theorized strategies, the DoD apparently realizes the potential for long-term repercussions to ultimately threaten the U.S. on its own turf.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38609,"As people try to wrap their minds around the horrid nature of rampant sex abuse in Hollywood, the accusations continue to flow but we are still left with little answers. However, Oscar-nominated documentary filmmaker Amy Berg has named names and delves into the systemic grooming of child actors in an eye-opening exposé—which includes a shocking on-camera confession of molestation.

With the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse scandal blowing the doors off the open secret of Hollywood pedophilia, a documentary titled, “An Open Secret,” which premiered a few years ago to mass publicity but failed to gain digital distribution, has been officially posted online for the first time by the producer in the wake of recent events.

“It’s so funny to keep seeing headlines about how Harvey’s abuse was ‘an open secret’ in Hollywood, and that’s the name of our film,” producer Gabe Hoffman told The Hollywood Reporter.

Hoffman’s documentary delves into the systemic sexual abuse of children at the hands of Hollywood moguls and heavy-hitters. According to Hoffman, he put An Open Secret on Vimeo for free viewing “to commemorate serial predator Harvey Weinstein finally being exposed.”

Advertisment

While the documentary was initially posted online for free until October 22 by Hoffman, he has now decided that in light of all the other courageous survivors of sexual abuse coming forward since the Weinstein story broke, to extend the free online viewing through October 31.

The movie premiered to a limited theatrical release a few years ago, but the incendiary content of the documentary clearly limited his ability to secure strong distribution as Hollywood bigwigs pushed to marginalize the films reach.

“We haven’t got any offers from major distributors yet because Hollywood doesn’t want to expose its dirty laundry, so we’ve been sitting on this for a while. Now, we want to celebrate the brave women who have exposed Harvey,” Hoffman told the Hollywood Reporter.

“Harvey Weinstein, by the way, is not the only one who has used confidentiality settlements. That’s why more of Hollywood’s behavior hasn’t been exposed. This is the tip of the iceberg,” Hoffman said.

Since putting the film online for free, “An Open Secret” has become a viral internet sensation.

The meat of the hard-hitting documentary are the personal testimonies of five former child actors/models, as they recall in vivid detail the terror and horror of being victimized by trusted confidants—including managers, agents, and publicists. The victims voice the confusion they felt after unknowingly being “groomed” for years, by the men guiding their careers, in an effort to gain the trust of the children and their parents.

The familiar face of Corey Feldman appears in archival footage speaking out against the Hollywood pedophiles who molested him and the late Corey Haim, as detailed in his 2013 memoir.

As The Free Thought Project reported, Feldman has spent years attempting to blow the whistle on pedophilia and child abuse in Hollywood, much of which has fallen on deaf ears. Finally, the statements Feldman has made in the past are being viewed in a different light.

“The Number one problem in Hollywood was and always will be pedophilia,” Feldman said.

Please watch the eye-opening documentary “An Open Secret” posted below, as it completely blows the lid off of the systemic pedophilia that is rampant throughout Hollywood!",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90207,"Washington, DC — (RT) US President Donald Trump has tweeted that “Iran is playing with fire,” and warned Tehran that he won’t be as “kind” as former President Barack Obama. His comments come after Tehran’s missile test this week.

Iran is playing with fire – they don’t appreciate how “kind” President Obama was to them. Not me! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017

It comes a day after the US president threatened Tehran that military options are “not off the table” in response to the missile test.

Advertisment

On Monday, Fox News cited US officials as saying that Iran had carried out medium-range ballistic missile tests.

That was followed on Thursday by reports from CNN, NBC News and Reuters, all quoting sources, that said Washington could roll out fresh sanctions against Iran as early as Friday.

Iran has confirmed that it tested the missile, and that the launch was “in line” with its plans.

“We will not allow foreigners to interfere in our defense affairs,” Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan told Tasnim news agency on Wednesday.

In another tweet posted on Thursday, Trump wrote that “Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse,” but the US “gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $$150 billion.”

In response to Trump’s tweet , Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif also took to social media, posting a statement saying that Iran is unmoved by US threats and will never initiate war.

Almost two years ago, Tehran and five world powers signed a historic deal under which Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief.

Tehran asserted on Wednesday that its missile tests did not involve rockets with nuclear warheads, meaning they are not covered by the deal agreed with world powers.

Zarif added that Iran is using ballistic missiles as part of its defense program.

The $$150 billion that Trump was referring to in his Tweet was apparently the amount Iran gained access to as a result of the deal, including billions of dollars in assets unfrozen in foreign banks around the globe.

With the sanctions lifted, in theory those funds would be unlocked. However, the US Treasury Department estimated back in the fall that once Tehran fulfills its obligations related to the funds, it would have about $$55 billion left.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103550,"Houston, TX — In what has become too rare a move, a former St. Louis police officer has been arrested and charged with first-degree murder for the shooting death of Anthony Lamar Smith — which happened nearly five years ago. Ex-Officer Jason Stockley was arrested by St. Louis police and U.S. marshals at his home in Houston Monday, and is being held without bail in Harris County, Texas, by order from Circuit Judge Michael Mullen.

Smith’s murder led to “one of the largest wrongful-death settlements stemming from a police shooting in the city’s history,” reported the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.

“I’m disappointed because I know what fine public servants the vast majority of police officers are, and this kind of conduct on the part of this former officer doesn’t reflect the excellent work I see from them every day,” noted Circuit Attorney Jennifer Joyce on Monday. “So it’s disappointing in that regard, but it’s important that people understand that if you commit a crime, and we have evidence to prove it, it doesn’t matter to us what you do for a living. Our job is to hold people accountable if we have the evidence. And in this case, we do.”

She added, “The actions of this former officer are very concerning in this case.”

On December 20, 2011, Stockley and his partner Brian Bianchi observed what they believed to be a drug transaction, and then approached Smith’s vehicle — Stockley, against department policy, carried his personal AK-47 toward the car. Claiming they saw Smith reach for something, Stockley fired his department-issued Beretta as Smith drove his vehicle toward the officers, but the shot did not injure anyone.

Advertisment

Smith drove off and the officers initiated a pursuit with Bianchi behind the wheel — which reached speeds of over 80 mph. At one point, the cruiser hit a utility pole, and Bianchi backed up and maintained pursuit.

During the chase, Stockley, according to court documents filed on Monday, said, “Going to kill this motherfucker, don’t you know it.” As Smith’s vehicle slowed, Stockley demanded Bianchi “hit him right now,” at which point Bianchi slammed the police SUV into Smith’s car. Then, as a press release [with emphasis added] from the Circuit Attorney explains:

“Stockley then approached Smith’s car on the driver’s side and shot five times into the car, striking the victim Anthony Smith with each shot. The victim died as a result of the gunshot wounds. A gun was recovered from the victim’s car but was later determined by lab analysis to have only Stockley’s DNA on it.”

Police also claimed heroin was found inside Smith’s vehicle — though considering information concerning the weapon, and that only marijuana was found in his system upon autopsy — that detail remains questionable.

As the Post-Dispatch reported at the time of the shooting, Smith’s pregnant girlfriend and mother of his then-one-year-old daughter, Christina Wilson, had been on the phone with him as Stockley killed him.

“He was crying for help,” Wilson said at the time. “I could hear him moaning, ‘Oh, oh.’”

A lawsuit was filed on behalf of Wilson and Smith’s daughter, Autumn, demanding $$900,000, which the Board of Police Commissioners settled in 2013 for an undisclosed amount, due to a confidentiality agreement — though attorney Albert Watkins stated of the total, “I’d be hard-pressed to find any other verdict or settlement that gave rise to a higher payout.”

Stockley, an Iraq war veteran who was awarded an Army Bronze Star for combat duty, resigned from the St. Louis Police Department on August 16, 2013, while under suspension for Smith’s shooting death.

Activists publicly demanded Stockley, who is white, be charged with the murder of Smith, who is black. Both the activists and the Post-Dispatch filed for documents, video, and audio surrounding the shooting to be released under Missouri’s Sunshine Law.

On Thursday, the Post-Dispatch says it requested the lifting of a protective order which has sealed investigative materials since 2012 — to which the police board, now represented by the city after a change in law, said it would not protest.

Joyce’s office received material concerning Smith’s shooting after U.S. Attorney Richard Callahan’s office refused to prosecute Stockley, though Callahan said he forwarded the case to the Department of Justice’ Civil Rights Division and has not received a response.

“The matter remains open, and the department declines to comment further,” said Dena Iverson, DoJ spokeswoman, on Monday.

Joyce had not seen video of the shooting until three weeks ago — and had also been unaware only Stockley’s DNA was found on the gun in Smith’s car. She cautioned,

“The conviction rate on these cases nationally is 10 percent, and very rarely are they charged because of how laws are set up, and it’s rare to get a guilty verdict.”

As the matter remains open to discovery pursuant to trial, and because the shooting took place in a public setting, in part in front of a popular restaurant, Joyce also requested help from the community-at-large, saying, “We believe that others may have more information. We encourage anyone with information to come forward.”

With what has often been described as a national epidemic of police violence, charging Stockley with first-degree murder and his being held without bail are certainly welcome. Whether or not Stockley will be held responsible for the whole of his crime remains to be seen.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89910,"In 2012, the CIA proposed a clear and specific plan to oust Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad — which likely would have also prevented the phenomenal rise of ISIL — but according to a new report, President Obama refused to give it the green light.

Former CIA operative, Doug Laux, appeared on NBC News for an exclusive interview detailing how his plan to arm Free Syrian Army rebels earlier in the conflict had been met with stiff and inexplicable opposition from the White House. In his book slated for release Tuesday, Left Of Boom: How a Young CIA Case Officer Penetrated the Taliban and Al-Qaeda, Laux describes how “CIA officials were pushing a multi-tiered plan to engineer [Assad]’s ouster.”

This startlingly blunt admission, though widely suspected, comprises the most concrete account to date of the Obama Administration’s intent to overthrow the dictator — and unnamed CIA officials confirmed as much with NBC.

But the CIA remained unwilling to go further — Left of Boom became the subject of heavy redaction by the CIA prior to its release.

NBC reported, “A former senior intelligence official said Laux’s ideas — many of them shared by other members of the CIA’s Syrian task force — were heavily represented in the plan that was ultimately presented to Obama.

Advertisment

“But the president, who must approve all covert action, never gave the green light.”

Both the White House and the CIA declined to comment on these specifics, but according to Laux, leaders from both the Administration and the agency “had made it clear from the beginning that the goal of our task force was to find ways to remove President Assad from office … We had come up with 50 good options to facilitate that. But political leadership … hadn’t given us the go-ahead to implement a single one.”

Laux’s chronicle of events has raised observers’ eyebrows for its unadulterated characterization that deposing Assad was intentional, as well as the CIA’s approval such information be published. Works to be published by former CIA officials must first be reviewed by the agency — and despite the heavy-handed application of black marker, the CIA gave this aspect the go-ahead. Despite the United States’ official position it does not take part in such operations.

Though Laux isn’t necessarily convinced the rise of ISIL — and thus terror attacks in Europe and countless civilian fatalities in Syria— could have been thwarted by his “ops plan,” a number of critics, including then-CIA Director David Petraeus, are.

“Laux ultimately resigned in frustration — over that and other issues,” NBC explained, “after it became clear the Obama administration would not move forward.”

Obama’s later-instituted plan to train and arm moderate Syrian rebels missed the mark in being comparatively conservative — once the Free Syrian Army disintegrated, anti-Assad fighters scurried to far more extreme groups. Of those, a large number of former FSA rebels who joined Syria’s al-Qaeda faction, for instance, eventually became the foundations of ISIL.

But that mass migration of combatants hadn’t yet occurred when Laux proposed his plan — though Laux disagrees with intimations it could have stopped ISIL before the terror group got off the ground.

Petraeus, however, believes it might have — “as does Robert Ford, the former U.S. ambassador to Syria, and Leon Panetta, the former defense secretary, former senior U.S. officials told NBC News.”

Ford, in fact, reportedly explained in an interview that had the U.S. actively carried out a plan in 2012 similar to the one Laux described, it would have prevented ISIL declaring a caliphate in Raqqah, Syria.

“I’m confident we would be looking at a different Syria today if the president of the United States hadn’t overruled David Petraeus, head of the CIA, Hillary Clinton, secretary of state, and Leon Panetta, who was secretary of defense,” Sen. John McCain told NBC News.

But Obama remains steadfast.

“The notion that we could have — in a clean way that didn’t commit U.S. military forces — changed the equation on the ground there was never true,” the President told the Atlantic in an interview.

The finger pointing and rabble rousing by all sides in this matter would be laughable if their incompetence wasn’t fueled by violence that left millions without a home and countless others dead. Instead of playing he said she said, all sides in this matter are ignoring the giant pink elephant in the living room — US foreign policy of regime changes, occupations, and destabilization techniques in the Middle East, is gasoline on the fire that is terrorism.

Whatever the implications, Laux’s book will be released Tuesday — and the rest of us, considering the details surrounding goals to oust Assad, will be left to wonder what the U.S. government isn’t lying about.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48057,"“How is America going to justify this?” exclaimed Bounkham Phonesavankh after a federal jury in Georgia acquitted the former sheriff’s deputy whose perjured affidavit precipitated a SWAT raid that nearly cost the life of his 19-month-old son.

“How can we explain this? I thought this country was built with the truth, and not a bunch of corruption and lying like this. I almost lost my life, my family, my son.”

Phonesavankh’s namesake son, known by the nickname Bou-Bou, was nearly burned to death in his sleep by a flash-bang grenade hurled into his crib during a 2:00 a.m. no-knock SWAT raid by the Habersham County Sheriff’s Office on their home in Cornelia in May 2014.

The search warrant used to justify that raid was filed by then-Deputy Nikki Austin, who claimed that a “true and reliable informant” had conducted a controlled buy of $$50 worth of crystal meth at the home several hours earlier from a potentially dangerous repeat offender named Wanis Thonetheva. The affidavit characterized Thoneteheva as armed and potentially dangerous, and claimed that lookouts had been stationed at the home – elements that supposedly justified a militarized midnight raid on a home where children were known to reside.

Every critical element of Austin’s affidavit was either a conscious lie or a culpable misrepresentation. Her “true and reliable” informant began working with the Mountain Judicial Circuit Criminal Narcotics Investigation and Suppression Team the day before the nearly fatal SWAT raid on the Phonesavanh family, which means that he had not proven his reliability. He claimed to have attempted a drug buy while in the company of his wife and roommate, neither of whom was working with the task force, and it was the roommate – not the informant – who supposedly made the purchase. As Autry later testified in court, she wasn’t even the primary author of the affidavit, which was drafted by her supervisor.

Advertisment

During her trial, Autry maintained that she didn’t lie, while conceding that some of the information in the affidavit wasn’t “entirely” accurate.

Literally thousands of people are in federal prison because of genuinely trivial inaccuracies in stories they told federal investigators. As a member of the privileged enforcement caste, however, Autry was spared punishment because the applicable legal standard required the prosecution to demonstrate that she acted “willfully” and with “reckless disregard” for the truth – and, more importantly, the prosecution had to overcome the reflexive deference to law enforcement that characterizes American juries, especially at the federal level.

Alecia Phonesavankh, the mother of the still-recovering child, believes that Autry’s acquittal – like the grotesque display of military force in the terrifying home invasion raid — reflects deeply entrenched racial bias toward her Laotian husband, in-laws, and child.

“It’s obvious I was the only person untouched in that house when they raided it,” Alecia said through angry tears following the verdict. “Why? Because I’m white. Why do they target Laotians and not me? Because I’m white. Why did we get a not guilty verdict? Because she [former Deputy Austin] is white!”

Another possible explanation is found in the carefully designed mechanisms that diffuse responsibility and impede accountability. Within hours of the raid, while Bou-Bou was in a medically induced coma as doctors struggled to stitch his chest back together, Habersham County Sheriff Joey Terrell issued a statement exonerating his officers of all misconduct.

“I stand behind what our team did,” Terrell declared after consulting with the county DA’ s office and the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. “There’s nothing to investigate, there’s nothing to look at. Bad things can happen. That’s just the world we live in.”

Public outrage eventually led to a Grand Jury inquest, which did little more than ratify the sheriff’s claims. Rather than preferring charges against the officials responsible for that crime, the grand jury suggested a handful of anodyne “reforms” and expressed satisfaction that the rouge task force that carried out the berserker raid has been subsumed into a state-wide counter-narcotics unit supervised by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation.

The grand jury’s “presentment” underwent exceptionally strenuous rhetorical contortions to apportion roughly equal amounts of blame to both the perpetrators and the victims of the atrocity committed against the Phonesavankh family.

“Nothing can be more difficult and heart-wrenching than injuries to one’s child,” the document asserts, before suggesting that inflicting such injuries can be just as traumatic as suffering them: “[W]e wish to extend our sympathy also to the law enforcement officers involved… [W]hat has not been seen before by others and talked or written about, is that these individuals are suffering as well.”

While admitting that the investigation that produced the search warrant affidavit was “hurried, sloppy, and unfortunately not in accordance with the best practices and procedures,” the Habersham County Grand Jury asserted that this wasn’t a case of “criminal negligence,” but simply a regrettable result of “well-intentioned people getting in too big a hurry, and not slowing down and taking enough time to consider the possible consequences of their actions.”

This isn’t to say that both parties were equally blameless. Page 13 of the Grand Jury’s presentment actually blames “the parents and extended family” of the victim, because they supposedly “had some degree of knowledge concerning family members involved in criminal activity that came in and out of the residence.”

The alleged target of the raid, Wanis Thonethevah, had been thrown out of the home three weeks earlier. Bou-Bou’s parents had relocated to Cornelia after their home in Wisconsin had burned down, and had nothing whatsoever to do with any alleged wrongdoing of their relative; they were simply desperate for a place to live. Their only role in this affair consisted of sleeping in a home that was targeted for a post-midnight military assault on the basis of a perjured affidavit.

In their reply to the Phonesavankh family’s lawsuit, the Habersham County Sheriff’s Office actually claimed that the “deliberate, criminal conduct of plaintiffs” – including the lead plaintiff, Bou-Bou – “supersedes any and all negligence or liability, if any, on the part of these defendants,” and that “plaintiffs’ damages, if any, were directly and proximately caused by the contributory and comparative negligence of plaintiffs and their failure to exercise ordinary care.”

How could Bou-Bou’s parents “exercise ordinary care” sufficient to prevent a team of militarized narcotics enforcers from breaking into their home and nearly murdering their 19-month-old infant in his sleep, on the basis of a perjured affidavit? Given that the primary victim was also the lead plaintiff, the reply filed by the Sheriff’s Office actually accuses him of “negligence” and “criminal conduct,” presumably for the felonious act of sleeping in a crib into which a privileged public servant would soon hurl a flash-bang grenade.

“Qualified immunity” protected Habersham County Sheriff’s Deputy Charles Long from legal consequences for blindly heaving that flash-bang grenade – a “destructive device,” as described by the ATF, that when detonated burns at 2,000-3,500 degrees Fahrenheit – into Bou-Bou’s crib. During Nikki Austin’s trial, defense attorney Michael Trost made what could be called an Oprah Winfrey argument on behalf of his client: Sheriff Terrell has qualified immunity; Deputy Long has qualified immunity; everybody gets qualified immunity!

“There’s a pattern of excess in the ways search warrants are executed,” Trost complained. “That’s what led to the injuries to this child.”

Because everybody was guilty of excess, in other words, nobody is to blame – except for the unprivileged victims of that institutionalized excess.

“I was doing my job,” Austin crowed after the verdict, as if expecting a commendation. Her “job” was one that required neither honesty nor accuracy, and involved no personal accountability for the crimes committed against an infant who will endure years of expensive surgeries and remain disfigured for life.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89857,"In December 2015, Julian Assange made the disheartening statement that “mass surveillance is here to stay.” The Wikileaks founder said it’s already too late for “quaint notions of privacy and the right to privacy,” as costs for surveillance technology keep dropping, the infrastructure is already firmly established and politicians have no interest in preserving freedom.

“The Anglo-American alliance, which is formalized in the the Five Eyes intelligence arrangement [of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the UK and the US], which has an additional 35 states feeding into that system, is so pervasive in terms of mass surveillance of domestic and international telecommunications that while some experts can achieve practical privacy for themselves for limited number of operations, and terrorists are experts, it’s gone for the rest of the populations,” said Assange.

9/11 provided U.S. authoritarians the pretext to construct a vast, hidden world of surveillance that cannot even be quantified in cost or exact size. Even the bravery of Edward Snowden in exposing the abuses of the NSA appears too little to counter the advance of the surveillance state.

Now, other members of the “Five Eyes arrangement” are being caught in their own scandals.

Advertisment

The British and Canadian governments are finding themselves in hot water after their courts excoriated spy agencies for illegal mass surveillance operations. Also in Canada, a disturbing case of law enforcement carrying out highly intrusive surveillance on journalists came to light.

In October, the British investigatory powers tribunal found that “security services operated an illegal regime to collect vast amounts of communications data, tracking individual phone and web use and other confidential personal information, without adequate safeguards or supervision for 17 years.”

The program of collecting “bulk communication data” – everything concerning the citizens’ phone and web communications – was started in 1998 and may indeed have been part of the inspiration for the NSA’s warrantless wiretapping and Prism programs.

Of course, the British parliament is responding by pushing a bill to simply legalize using surveillance using surveillance leaving slim hopes for accountability for the 17 years of illegal rights abuses.

On November 3, the Federal Court of Canada blasted its domestic spy agency for “unlawfully retaining data and for not being truthful with judges who authorize its intelligence programs.” This mass surveillance, virtually unknown to the Canadian population, was carried out for a decade before the court was fully informed of it.

The Canadian Security Intelligence Service said it will stop analyzing the data, “there are no indications that it will destroy the data.” Officials are already preparing people to accept the new surveillance reality, with the Public Safety Minister saying their 30-year-old rights protection act is “showing its age as global affairs, threat profiles, technology and public expectations have rapidly evolved.”

Canadian law enforcement are also using surveillance to push – and go well past – the boundaries of civil liberties in their effort to silence those exposing police brutality and misconduct. Montreal cops targeted La Presse columnist Patrick Lagacé and six other journalists by tracking their cellphone calls and texts and monitoring their whereabouts.

Stéphane Bergeron, the Public Security minister at the time, wanted to find out who was leaking information to journalists, but professes to have no knowledge that then-director of Sûreté du Québec, Mario Laprise, had ordered journalists to be targeted in the probe.

“If it becomes a common occurrence for police officers to have access to all sources of all journalists who have important news reports, our fear is that no one will ever want to talk to journalists, and that would have a dramatic effect on the freedom of the press,” said Sébastien Pierre-Roy, the lawyer representing La Presse.

Edward Snowden called for Montreal’s police chief to resign, who ran the department when five officers in the drugs and street gangs unit were arrested for fabricating evidence. Snowden rightly called the targeting of journalists a “radical attack on the operations of the free press.”

One of the ways the Montreal police surveilled Lagacé was to “track him by activating a GPS mechanism on his phone.” This gives us a small window into the capabilities of the modern surveillance state, which is the realization of George Orwell’s 1984.

According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation:

“The reach of these technologies is astonishingly broad: governments can listen in on cell phone calls, use voice recognition to scan mobile networks, read emails and text messages, censor web pages, track a citizen’s every movement using GPS, and can even change email contents while en route to a recipient. Some tools are installed using the same type of malicious malware and spyware used by online criminals to steal credit card and banking information. They can secretly turn on webcams built into personal laptops and microphones in cell phones not being used. And all of this information is filtered and organized on such a massive scale that it can be used to spy on every person in an entire country.”

As Snowden pointed out in March 2016, all of this unconstitutional mass surveillance “never stopped a single terrorist attack and never made a concrete difference in a terrorist investigation.”

The goal of mass surveillance is not to actually make people safer, but to satisfy two desires of the centralized authoritarian State – increasing the power of government and directing taxpayer money into the gargantuan belly of the military-surveillance industry.

American, Canadian and European technology companies are not only supplying their own governments with surveillance tools, but are exporting them to autocratic regimes around the world to aid them in repression.

Human rights violations are no impediment to the expansion of mass surveillance, whether it’s so-called “first-world countries” such as the U.S. and Britain, or those countries routinely labeled by U.S. politicians as human rights abusers.

As The Intercept wrote, the three scandals described above “constitute full-scale vindication of everything [Edward Snowden]’s done.”

“When Snowden first spoke publicly, these were exactly the abuses and crimes he insisted were being committed by the mass surveillance regime these nations had secretly erected and installed, claims which were vehemently denied by the officials in charge of those systems.

Yet with each new investigation and judicial inquiry, and as more evidence is unearthed, Snowden’s core claims are increasingly vindicated. Western officials are indeed addicted to unaccountable, secretive, abusive systems of mass surveillance used against their own citizens and foreigners alike, and the more those systems take root, the more core liberties are eroded.“",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38788,"Jomana Abedi, sister of Manchester attacker, Salman Abedi — whose improvised, shrapnel-laden bomb detonated after a concert, killing himself and 22 people, and injuring dozens more — has now disclosed the irrefutable, trenchant reason for the deadly attack, in her brother’s own words.

Blowback.

“I think he saw children — Muslim children — dying everywhere, and wanted revenge. He saw the explosives America drops on children in Syria, and he wanted revenge,” she told the Wall Street Journal. “Whether he got that is between him and God.”

However telling, the United States engaging in perpetual warfare throughout the Middle East comprises just one straw on the back of a camel overburdened with possible motivations that Salman Abedi sought annihilation as an act of revenge.

Born in Manchester on New Year’s Eve 1994, the WSJ reports, Abedi had a fairly ordinary childhood — though neighbors found the family to be insular.

Ramadan Abedi, Salman’s father, regularly attended a nearby mosque, and occasionally performed the call to prayer. Older brother, Ismail, also was a regular attendee, but neighbors suggested Salman only joined them sporadically.

In 2011, Abedi traveled to see his father in Libya — both parents hail from the conflict-ravaged North African nation — where they fought in a militia with designs on ousting Muammar Gaddafi, as the revolutionary ripple known as the Arab Spring gripped much of the region.

Called the Tripoli Brigade, the rebel militia fought in western Libya and were key in the eventual taking of the Libyan capital, a victory aligning with the United States’ plot to depose Gaddafi — an utter disaster in the making, as far as mutterings of blowback, and a change in regime ultimately damning the now-decimated nation to interminable conflict.

Advertisment

Abedi and his mother returned to Manchester in 2014, an unnamed person claiming to be a friend of the family told the Wall Street Journal, where, the following year, he began studying business administration at the University of Salford.

He lasted just one year before all-but dropping out.

Then, reports the WSJ,

“In May 2016, an 18-year-old friend of Salman Abedi’s, Abdul Wahab Hafidah, a Briton of Libyan descent, died after being run down by a car and then stabbed in Manchester. Six men and a 15-year-old boy are on trial in a Manchester court this month charged with murder in connection with the killing, which prosecutors have argued was gang-related. The defendants deny wrongdoing.”

Already having grown embittered against mistreatment of Muslims in Britain, Abedi deemed the killing a hate crime, and — whether or not he knew at the time — one of the weightier straws on the allegorical camel’s back. To wit,

“I remember Salman at his funeral vowing revenge,” the Abedi family friend said.

However, hours before he was detained by Libyan authorities, Bloomberg interviewed Ramadan Abedi, who could not imagine his son responsible for the heinous act against innocents.

“I was really shocked when I saw the news, I still don’t believe it,” the patriarch explained from Tripoli.

Ramadan Abedi, according to Bloomberg, first came to Manchester during the 1990s, and left for Libya in 2008 — three years before father and son would fight side-by-side in the rebellion against Gaddafi.

“My son was as religious as any child who opens his eyes in a religious family,” he insisted, suggesting Abedi more devoted than his Manchester neighbors witnessed.

“As we were discussing news of similar attacks earlier, he was always against those attacks, saying there’s no religious justification for them,” Ramadan continued, this time, vaguely echoing his daughter’s description of the young man as ‘kind’ and ‘loving.’

“I don’t understand how he’d have become involved in an attack that led to the killing of children.”

Emphatically, he added, “We condemn these terrorist acts on civilians, innocent people.”

Whatever Salman Abedi’s demented rationale for slaughtering victims as young as eight, a cursory examination of his experiences as a Muslim — split between a life in the West, pockmarked by crimes committed against adherents of his faith, and one in his parents’ homeland, a nation shredded by Western so-called foreign policy — evince raw despair at the unlikelihood violence will ever cease.

Abedi, in short, is blowback — transmogrified into rageful human form.

He, the Manchester disaster, is U.S. hegemonic imperialism — pompous in its pillaging and merciless in wanton killing — collateral murder of innocents, moot.

Signing the permission slip to wage war against a tactic has instead brought innovation in the perfection of terrorism — wrought by individuals like Abedi, manipulative quasi-nation-states of militants, and military superpowers, alike.

Fighting this ludicrous war on terror succeeds phenomenally in two areas — providing fertile ground for further terroristic acts, the seeds of which are fertilized with corporate media’s particular brand of fear, as well as fomenting anti-Western sentiment into atrocity, and fueling the military industrial complex.

In an unfortunately ironic footnote, it was Muammar Gaddafi, himself, who extended an olive branch of sorts, to former U.K. Prime Minister Tony Blair — who offered only a deaf ear.

Lamenting that his forces could not withstand the onslaught from al-Qaeda fighters, the Libyan leader pleaded with Blair not to ignore Western interventionism would result in attacks — in Europe.

“They [jihadists] want to control the Mediterranean and then they will attack Europe,” Gaddafi admonished in 2011, shortly before the West succeeded in deposing and killing the leader, whose plans for a gold-based currency conflicted with the worldwide U.S. petrodollar-dominated marketplace.

No one in a position to do so heeded that prognostication.

Explaining the potency of blowback has earned sharp rebuke from the still-mourning citizens of Manchester as somehow condoning the attack — but slipping the mourning veil over truth cannot shroud the ugliness of innocents in coffins.

But terror and its war don’t claim only the innocence of their victims — witnesses to carnage on the scale of war cannot unsee the callousness of collateral death. Innocence lost to indiscriminate casualty never returns.

Until the United States-led West reins in its monstrously flawed foreign operations — or, at least, attempts coordination there, with longstanding foes — there will be more Abedis.

In fact, basic principles of blowback guarantee it will be so.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88091,"

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – According to Ramona Africa, a representative for the MOVE 9, Phil Africa, the organization’s First Minister of Defense, passed away in prison under suspicious circumstances this week.

Phil was a legendary activist and political prisoner, as well as a beloved brother, husband and father.

According to a recent statement, Phil passed away under suspicious circumstances at the State Correctional Institution at Dallas, PA, on January 10th, 2015. However, Phil was said to be in great health just weeks before, and his condition took a sharp turn for the worse after making a routine trip to the prison infirmary.

When friends and family came to visit to see if he was OK, Phil was shipped off to another prison and prevented from seeing his loved ones.

Advertisment

Ramona Africa reported that:

“On Sunday, January 4th Phil Africa wasn’t feeling well and went to the prison infirmary. Though he wasn’t feeling well, other inmates saw Phil Africa walking, stretching and doing jumping jacks. Hearing that Phil was in the infirmary, MOVE members drove up to visit him and were denied a visit by the prison. While they were visiting with Delbert Africa, Phil was secretly transported to Wilkes Barre General Hospital where he was held in total isolation, incommunicado for five days.”

To make matters even worse, prison officials could not give the family a straight story, and blatantly prevented his loved one’s from seeing him, stating that they were not technically his family. For the entire duration of his alleged sickness, Phil was entirely cut off from the outside world.

The statement from Ramona went on to say that:

Prison officials at SCI-Dallas wouldn’t communicate about Phil’s condition. They told MOVE that Phil was at Wilkes Barre General hospital but the hospital denied he was there and this back and forth lie went on for days almost the entire time Phil was being held. The hospital and the prison behaved very suspiciously denying Phil the ability to call family members or his wife of 44 years, Janine Africa, stating that she was not a blood relative. The hospital and prison received hundreds of phone calls in support of Phil from around the world. When they finally submitted to pressure and allowed Phil to call Janine on Thursday, January 8th he was heavily drugged, incoherent and couldn’t even hold the phone to talk to her.”

On Friday, January 9th Phil was sent back to the prison infirmary and placed in hospice care upon arrival. On Saturday, January 10th Ramona and Carlos Africa were granted permission to visit Phil in the prison infirmary. When they reached him he was incoherent and couldn’t talk or move his head to look at them. An hour after they left Delbert called with the news that Phil passed away.

There are many suspicious circumstances surrounding Phil’s death, namely the fact that he was isolated for 6 days before his passing, and the fact that the prison could not even keep their story straight about where he was being held.

MOVE or the MOVE Organization is a Philadelphia-based civil rights group which was founded in 1972. In 1978, their headquarters was raided in a Waco-esque fashion after they refused to vacate their own property.

Nine of their members were arrested and found guilty of third-degree murder after a police officer, who witnesses say was facing the property, was shot in the back of the head. Those arrested on that day are still in prison.

In 1985, the police attacked the group again, only this time they dropped two bombs on the building where MOVE members were living, killing 11 people, including 5 children. Ramona, and a child named Birdie were the only survivors in the attack.

The attack caused a fire to spread to the whole neighborhood, burning over 60 other homes that were in no way affiliated with the MOVE organization.

Despite the city paying out $$1.5 million in damages to relatives of those killed by the bomb and the mayor denouncing the actions of police, stating that, “Dropping a bomb on an occupied row house was unconscionable,” no one from the government was ever charged with a crime.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103090,"Handcuffed and Helpless

There’s a naive idea floating around that an innocent person should never be afraid of cops

What you are about to read is not a philosophical argument. It’s a personal testimony. The aim of telling this story is neither to make a political statement, nor to score points for a particular ideology. For almost three years, I’ve mostly held it in. But it’s become clear to me that it’s time to give a more detailed account to a broader audience.

* * *

One Friday night, my wife and I were driving through a small town on the way to a comedy club in Manhattan Beach, California. We were going to hang out and share a few laughs. On the way, we were pulled over by the police.

Two officers approached our car. One of them came to my window. The other one came to her window.

Without asking to see my license or registration, the officer on my side told me to get out of the car. I immediately and respectfully complied without raising a single question or objection. And in case you’re wondering, I wasn’t dressed in gang colors, nor was I wearing a hoodie.

When I exited the car, he turned me around, handcuffed me, threw me against the side of my car, and did a complete body search on me. As he groped me, he said, “This is how we do it in LA.”

I remember seeing a woman walking across the street holding hands with her little girl. We made eye-contact. She picked her little girl up and jogged in the other direction. Who could blame her? If I saw one of society’s most trusted authority figures manhandling a guy, I’d also assume this was a potentially dangerous situation.

The officer then removed the wallet from my pocket and pulled out the cash.

“Why do you have so much cash on you?”

“Sir, I honestly didn’t feel like a $$100 was a lot of cash to have on me. I’m going out with my wife tonight and just wanted to have a little cash on me.”

“We’ll see.”

Advertisment

Next, he asked me where I lived. I told him my address. He laughed and said, “This nigger knows his address.” Then he walked me to the police car and literally threw me in the back seat and shut the door. From the back seat of a police car, I watched the officer join his partner who was already busy questioning my wife. They also made her get out of the car. They both got in her face and started questioning her.

Imagine what goes on inside of a man’s head when he’s handcuffed and helpless as he watches two men with guns get in his wife’s face. Imagine the complex blend of confusion, fear, irrational optimism, and rage that festers inside one’s soul as he watches one cop take his wife’s purse and pour all the contents out, while the other officer literally crawls around inside our car for several minutes.

They spent about 10 more minutes aggressively questioning my wife.

One of the officers returned to the car with my wallet and proceeded to look up my info in the system.

“You got any baby momma drama?” he asked me.

“I don’t have any children, sir.”

“You sure you ain’t got no baby momma drama?”

“I am certain that I have no children, sir. There are no women out there who are even under the impression that I am the father of their child.”

“Are you clean? Are you clean? You ain’t got no drugs? You ain’t got nothing on you? No baby momma drama?” he says.

“I am clean,” I said.

For the entire time that we were talking, my eyes were deadlocked on that other officer and my wife. After what felt like an eternity, the officer let me out of the car and took off the handcuffs.

“You’re good,” he told me.

As I slowly walked back to our car, I said to one of the officers, “Sir, I’m not trying to be antagonistic or disrespectful, but is there a reason for why I was pulled over?”

“We just had to check you out.”

I wanted to say, “What does that even mean?” But more importantly, I wanted to get us out of that situation safely. Given the way he man-handled me earlier, it was obvious to me that I was dealing with guys who weren’t above breaking protocol. So I just walked back to the car, took a deep breath, asked my wife if she was alright, and did my best Denzel Washington from Glory impersonation as I tried to keep it together.

Our comedy show started at 8 P.M. We were pulled over at about 7:30. When they let us go, it was about 10 minutes after the hour. We decided that we couldn’t go home, or it would feel as if we let them win. So we drove to a local cinema, watched a movie, came back home, had some coffee, and just stayed up talking with each other about it.

* * *

I’m grateful that we didn’t get killed. I’m grateful that my wife didn’t get assaulted. I’m grateful that they didn’t plant drugs on me or put me in the hospital.

But my gratitude doesn’t change the fact that these men abused their power, disrespected my wife, laid their hands on my body in an inappropriate way, scared the hell out of us both, made us miss our show, and treated us like criminals simply because they felt entitled to do so.

They will not ruin my life, nor will they determine my destiny, but I want to put this story on the record because this was neither the first nor the second time something like this happened to me, and I sincerely believe that things like this happen all over the country.

There’s this naive idea floating around that people should never be afraid of cops as long as they’re innocent and compliant. For a lot of people in this country, that’s simply not true. This isn’t about playing some mythical race-card, nor is it about me promoting the idea that all cops are evil. I’m sure there are lots of cops who are nice to their kids and fun to hang out with when they’re having beer with their buddies. (I’m also sure that’s true of a lot of so-called thugs.)

But if we want to have intelligent discussions about authority in this country, we have to stop using a logic that tells us that people in authority always have a fair reason for doing what they do. We do a lot of talking about what people can do to avoid being abused by cops. We don’t talk as much as we should about the abuse that happens to people who follow all those instructions. If we can’t question authority, we are doomed.

* * *

Here’s a habit I picked up early on: When I see police officers, I shift into my A-game.

If I feel an itch on my forehead, I’ll notify the cops first before scratching the itch because I want them to feel safe and secure about the movement of my hand. This is a technique I refer to as “not getting shot.”

I learned techniques like this from the first day I received my driver’s license. Growing up in the suburbs, I was always afraid to drive my dad’s Lincoln Town Car.

I was too afraid to tell him, but I would cringe when he’d ask me to drive his car because I knew I would be pulled over and harassed by cops whose worldview wasn’t big enough to imagine me in a nice car (even though it was normal to see young people driving nice cars in the neighborhood where I grew up).

I remember driving my dad’s car once, and he left his toolbox in the back seat. A cop pulled me over and asked why I had a toolbox. Fair enough. I told him that my dad was in real estate and construction, and that I was working with him at one of his buildings. The cop had me step out of the car, handcuffed me, and searched the toolbox while I sat on the curb in handcuffs.

“Are there any other weapons in this car besides this hammer here?”

My overly diplomatic reply was this: “With all due respect, sir, the hammer is not a weapon, but rather one of many tools in that toolbox we use for work. However, I understand where you’re coming from and I can see how you might be inclined to see it as a weapon, but those tools are only used for work.”

He let me go. I can only imagine what my fate would have been if I hadn’t learned about the loaded question fallacy. Two points for philosophy. Hurray.

By the way, the officer gave me no warnings, citations, or explanations. Like the guys from my earlier story, he just wanted to “check me out.”

Unfortunately, my techniques don’t make me feel all that secure, nor does the fact that today I drive a car that’s a lot more modest than my dad’s. At every stage of my adulthood, I’ve been pulled over by cops, dragged out of my car, handcuffed, spoken to like I was a stupid little boy, humiliated in public, called racial slurs, and manhandled by multiple guys with badges multiples times (without being arrested or charged with anything), in spite of the fact that I’ve never been armed, and I’ve always complied with their every request.

When I spent two years without having a car, it was one of the most peaceful, cop-free times in my life. I would still get harassed at times, but it was so much harder for them to come up with excuses for stopping me. I have never been physically or psychologically abused by drug-dealing “thugs,” but I have definitely been abused by police who thought it was okay to push me around because I fit their stereotype of a thug.

Some people automatically feel safer when cops are around, but that’s not a universal experience. It’s certainly not mine. I’m not angry at every cop, but I am deeply concerned about the frighteningly popular belief that you must have done something wrong if you were abused by one.

* * *

When I first wrote about this on my Facebook page, I only had my family and friends in mind. Prior to that, I’d never shared the full details with anyone except for a small group of people.

But more and more, I’d been involved in conversations about police brutality. It seems to be on everyone’s mind. And while I acknowledge that these issues are more complex than many people make them out to be, there was one recurring element in many of these conversations that really irked me: The idea that a police officer would never mistreat someone if they conducted themselves in the right way. I know from personal experience that this assumption is false.

Indeed, I know many people who have been mistreated by authorities who abuse their power and they’re simply afraid to talk about it. Since I shared a version of this account on Facebook, over 1500 hundred people have shared my Facebook post. I’ve received tons of messages from people who have been victims of various kinds of abuse, not just from cops, but abuse in general. Many of them thanked me for inspiring them to tell their own story. I’ve even had police officers apologize to me on behalf of other police officers.

But why are people so often silent in the face of abuse? They don’t want to risk their careers; they don’t want to make enemies at their church; they don’t want to be associated with the wrong political party; they don’t want to be seen as liars; they don’t want anyone targeting them.

And I get it. Just since I shared this on social media, people have called me a liar, a bullshitter, a slanderer, a cop hater and an attention seeker. Honestly, I can relate with those people who would rather just stay silent than suffer the indignity of the aftermath — which so often just adds insult to injury.

But then there are the people who find inspiration, perhaps to tell their own story. I wrote this for them. Some have asked why I would write something like this if I have no chance of bringing the cops to justice. My answer is that I wrote this primarily in hopes that some people’s minds will be opened and others’ hearts will be healed due to what I went through. Most importantly, I wrote this for people who stay silent — for whatever reason — will know they aren’t alone.

I wish I had footage of what happened. I wish I had had the opportunity to obtain badge numbers, names, or license plate numbers without fear. Instead all I could think was “Please God let me out of this situation alive.” “Please don’t let them hurt my wife.” “What in the world is happening to me?” When they finally let me go, I was mostly just relieved that we were going to get out safe.

Believe it or not, there was a point when it did occur to me to try to get some information on these police officers. When I asked the one cop why we had been stopped, I thought about getting a look at their license plate number right then. But it occurred to me that things could escalate again if they perceived me as antagonizing them. I was scared of what they might do next if they noticed me looking at their car as if I were trying to obtain their information.

* * *

After my wife and I left, we calmed down. I started to reflect on things. I wished I could have gotten something — a badge number, a license tag, anything. Still, I decided to report it. The next day, I called the police department in the town where we were pulled over. I spoke with an officer who was appalled by my story, but who said it couldn’t be his department. He asked me if I was sure it wasn’t the state police. I honestly didn’t know. He believed my story, though, and he told me that if those were his guys, he would deal with them harshly. He apologized on behalf of police officers. We talked for almost an hour and he promised to have a meeting with his department about my story.

I also called state police as well as the departments for a couple surrounding towns but with the same results. My lack of evidence made things difficult. I tried hard to channel my anger in the direction of holding those officers accountable, but ultimately fell short. So, all I have is my story and the hope that some good can come from telling it.

All I ask of you, dear reader, is that you consider it an invitation to rethink the way some of these police encounters are framed and construed by all parties. If you’re skeptical of my version of events, that’s fine. I encourage you to keep on doubting.

But please don’t be selective in your skepticism. Question me. Question others. Question the police. Question authority. Most importantly, question your own assumptions. The truth will come will eventually come from people willing to search for it.

T.K. Coleman is a philosopher, writer, lecturer, entrepreneur, and life coach living in Los Angeles, California. He is the co-founder and Education Director for Praxis, a 10-month apprenticeship program that combines a traditional liberal arts education with practical skills training, professional development, and real-world business experience. This story originally appeared on the Foundation for Economic Freedom. It has been republished with their permission.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104198,"“He just wanted to go play in the neighborhood”

Matt Agorist

June 27, 2014

Jeffrey Williamson sent his son out of he front door last week to catch the Woodville Baptist Church bus, just like he does every week.

However, this time, his 8-year-old son Justin, got a little devious and decided to skip church so he could play.

Oh no! The horror!

Williamson had no idea that Justin skipped the bus pickup.

“He just wanted to go play in the neighborhood,” he said.

Advertisment

Justin ended up at the Family Dollar store about a half mile from home.

A nosy and nanny state-conditioned resident called the police when they saw the horrible atrocity of an 8-year-old boy walking around by himself.

Apparently the Blanchester police are victims of the nanny state mentality as well, since they showed up at Williamson’s house and arrested him for child endangerment.

Police said that Justin didn’t know where he lived and only after talking to a customer did they learn his address.

“That’s definitely totally, totally untrue,” Justin’s father said. “He knows his way around this whole neighborhood right here.”

“I told the cop he goes out in the neighborhood and plays every day with all the other kids,” Williamson said. “There’s a million kids around here that play. I know the parents. The parents know me.”

“The next thing you know, he comes up to me and he says, ‘You’re under arrest.’ My kids start crying their eyes out wondering why I’m getting arrested,” Williamson said.

Williamson lost his job at McDonald’s after the story was on the front page of the paper.

“Every time that we leave in our car or drive down the street or something like that, every time they see a cop in Blanchester, they freak out and say, ‘Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, are they going to arrest you?’ ” he said.

The idea that the state knows what’s best for your children is a slippery slope because of cases like this one.

Had the residents of Blanchester, Ohio not been so conditioned to ‘notify authorities’ when they see something completely normal, Justin would have just gone home that day and everyone would have gone about their lives.

Unfortunately, this “see something, say something” police state that we have found ourselves in, does not allow for normal childhood behavior.

Ignorance coupled with media tendency to highlight child abduction cases, has given rise to irrational fear over the last couple of decades.

Such a mindset fosters in parents unwilling to look at logic and facts and they become over-protective “helicopter” parents robbing children of their childhoods by keeping them on constant lock down; or worse interfere into the lives of other parents who are not as strict as they are.

The fact is that the majority of child abductions are custodial related. Children are in far more danger of being abused, kidnapped or killed by their parents than any stranger on the street.

When looking at the most recent statistics, there is roughly a 1 in a million chance of your child being abducted in a ‘stereotypical’ manner; meaning the nightmare-caliber crime involving a stranger or slight acquaintance who whisks away a child with the intention of holding him for ransom, keeping him or killing him.

Your child is more likely to be killed in an equestrian accident. (Odds in one year for people who ride horses: 1 in 297,000.) Or better yet, pull him off the football team. (Yearly odds of dying for youth football players: 1 in 78,260.) And if you really want to protect them, sell your car. (Lifetime odds of dying as a passenger: 1 in 228. Odds of dying this year alone: 1 in 17,625.)

Or, to put another spin on it, your child is 700 times more likely to get into Harvard than to be the victim of such an abduction.

Hopefully the jury that Mr. Williamson receives for his trial is aware of these facts and realize that the only people who are endangering his child are the ones that would lock this child’s dad in a cage for a non-crime.



Justin was grounded for skipping church.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
2357,"Fredericks said that Pegg, a “respected law enforcement officer,” threatened to kill him if he “told anyone about our secret.”

Newton, NJ — A Newton courtroom erupted in “thunderous applause” Wednesday after Clark Fredericks pleaded guilty to stabbing a retired cop who molested him as a young boy.

Fredericks pleaded guilty to passion provocation manslaughter in the brutal slaying of retired correction officer Dennis Pegg three years ago.

Advertisment

“From the time I was 8 years old until I was 12 years old, I was sexually assaulted and raped by Dennis Pegg,” Fredericks told the court in his heartfelt testimony, CBS in New York reported.

“It started with him wanting to touch my scar that I had through open-heart surgery at the age of 6,” Fredericks continued. “It progressed to wrestling matches and eventually led to him raping me.”

Fredericks said that Pegg, a “respected law enforcement officer,” threatened to kill him if he “told anyone about our secret,” CBS reported.

Fredericks claims were backed up after child pornography was found on Pegg’s computer, NJ.com reported.

“My reaction to seeing Sandusky get out of that car with his lawyer is that Dennis Pegg would never be held accountable,” Fredericks said, according to CBS. “The next day — June 12, 2012 — my shell cracked. My mind flooded with images, memories, anger and mostly shame,” he said.

“At the end, I slit his throat,” Fredericks said.

According to authorities, Fredericks stabbed Pegg more than 20 times in the neck, chest, and stomach.

Sexual abuse among law enforcement is the number 2 most popular complaint, second only to brutality. Many of these sex-offender cops get off with little to no punishment for their sadistic and sickening behavior. This lack of accountability was apparently evident in the case of Fredericks.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90037,"Etowah County, AL — A disturbing pattern is emerging out of Alabama that highlights the budding field of authoritarianism as the state ramps up its kidnapping of babies and arresting of mothers — for no reason.

In August of 2014, Casey Shehi gave birth to a beautiful baby boy. Despite being born four weeks premature, little James was exceptionally strong. However, the celebration of James’ birth was quickly turned into a nightmare when the state got involved.

A few weeks after giving birth to a healthy baby boy, Etowah County sheriffs dragged Ms. Shehi away in handcuffs from her job at a nursing home, charging her with “knowingly, recklessly, or intentionally” exposing her baby to controlled substances in the womb.

The reason? She took half of a Valium a few weeks before the baby was born, during a particularly bad night in a difficult pregnancy. A drug screen at Gadsden Regional Medical Center showed the presence of benzodiazepines. It should be noted that occasional, small doses of Valium are considered safe during pregnancy.

Even though the baby showed no “controlled substances” in his system after birth, and the state’s child welfare agency had concluded they should not take the baby, ruthless cops determined that Ms. Shehi should have her life turned upside down.

Advertisment

She managed to get her baby back, but another judge used the arrest to grant her allegedly abusive ex-husband sole custody of their preschool-age child.

Many states abuse the notion of child endangerment, but Alabama’s 2006 law is being interpreted in draconian fashion by some counties.

Ms. Shehi was victimized in Etowah County and faced public humiliation in addition to legal fees and wrangling with authorities. Her mug shot was printed in the weekly tabloid “Just Busted,” and old acquaintances began avoiding her.

“I feel like everywhere I go, people just kind of look at me and shame me like I’m a monster, like, ‘How could you do that to your baby?’,” said Shehi.

A ProPublica investigation found that 479 new and expecting mothers have been prosecuted under a “chemical endangerment of a child” law passed in 2006. The law was meant to go after parents using their homes as meth labs, but crusading county authorities soon began using it to target women who exposed their embryo or fetus to controlled substances.

“A woman can be charged with chemical endangerment from the earliest weeks of pregnancy, even if her baby is born perfectly healthy, even if her goal was to protect her baby from greater harm. The penalties are exceptionally stiff: one to 10 years in prison if her baby suffers no ill effects, 10 to 20 years if her baby shows signs of exposure or harm and 10 to 99 years if her baby dies. Yet there’s nothing in the statute to distinguish between an addict who puts her baby at grave risk and a stressed-out single mom who takes a harmless dose of a friend’s anti-anxiety medication. There are no standards for law enforcement officials or judges to follow: Is the presence of drugs in the mother’s body cause for charges if the baby tests clean? What test results are appropriate for medical providers to report and when? Should a mother face charges even when she was using a prescription drug under a doctor’s supervision? Local prosecutors and courts have wide discretion.”

The law allows for dragnet drug testing without a woman’s knowledge or explicit consent, and “stop-and-frisk” style investigations. All of the mom’s children can be taken, not just the newborn.

Most of the positive tests for “controlled substances” at prenatal screenings showed cannabis. This was used a pretext for another horrible violation of rights and dignity.

Katie Darovitz, 25, has severe epilepsy. She had a miscarriage a couple of years ago while taking anti-seizure medication that has been associated with miscarriage. When she got pregnant again, her seizures increased but she was fearful of continuing with that medication.

Instead, she turned to cannabis and effectively treated her condition, largely stopping the convulsions. The use of cannabis has not been linked to birth defects.

After giving birth to a healthy boy on Christmas Day, Darovitz, who has no criminal record, was arrested and brought to the Russell County jail.

She was so distraught that she was put on suicide watch, and was close to catatonic by the time her family could scrape together the $$7,500 property bond to get her out.

The county’s drug counseling and mental health program put Ms. Darovitz into a state of depression again, and there is still no word on her case. She was victimized for trying to protect her unborn child.

Even expecting women who are prescribed methadone, because they had an opioid addiction before pregnancy, can be criminalized under Alabama’s law. Such was the case with Hanna Ballenger, 34, who was arrested a year and a half after her son’s birth. The state stole her son and gave him to the father’s relatives.

Steve Marshall, the district attorney in Marshall County, says their efforts “to deter women from this behavior” are noble.

“We wanted to find a mechanism to get mama clean, get kid healthy and hopefully encourage a reunification of the family. We have clearly used it [the chemical-endangerment statute] a little bit different than it was designed. That, in and of itself, doesn’t mean it’s wrong.”

Etowah County Sheriff Entrekin believes that if they didn’t take actions such as throwing Ms. Shehi in jail and taking her kids, they would not be upholding their sworn oath of office.

The notion of criminalizing even minor, non-harmful drug use during pregnancy flies in the face of logic.

“It treated addiction as a crime rather than a disease; it discouraged the women most in need of prenatal care from seeking it; and it interrupted a mother’s bond with her baby when she was particularly vulnerable, making her more likely to relapse. ‘Did the war on drugs work? Do you have a reason to think a war on women using drugs during pregnancy is going to?’ asked Donald Bross, a professor of pediatrics and family law at the University of Colorado School of Medicine.”

There is certainly a problem with substance abuse during pregnancy, most notably in the area of prescription opiates. However, criminalizing this behavior is the fallacious path that some states are taking. South Carolina, Tennessee, and Wisconsin also have chemical endangerment laws that allow for new and expecting mothers to be victimized.

The answer is not going to be easy, but it should not include making people criminals. Prohibition of things, whether it is substances or behaviors, just does not work.

Instead of ripping families apart and saddling new mothers with outrageous bails and legal fees, the states could put their efforts into improving drug treatment programs and encouraging mothers to take part.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95834,"Baltimore, MD — A video of a woman forcing her son to leave the #FreddieGray protests Monday is quickly making the rounds on the internet.

The incident was captured from several angles and it shows a concerned mother who is angered at her son for participating in the protests. Her son was dressed in all black and had donned a balaclava. He was apparently ready for action.

A video captioned “that awkward moment you mom catches you rioting” also emerged.

Advertisment

#baltimoreriots #baltimore #FreddieGray ….This mother went and snatched her son from the #Baltimore #freddiegray Protests/riots #MediablackoutUSA (#RepostWhiz app) A post shared by The Culture Speaks™ (@theculturespeaks) on Apr 27, 2015 at 3:33pm PDT

The mother was quickly referred to as “Mother of the Year” by the Twitter community after she was seen slapping her son and demanding he go home.

Whether or not you agree with the mother’s actions, Monday night in Baltimore was no day care.

That awkward moment your mom catches you rioting 😂😂😂😂 #baltimore #baltimoreriots #prayforthiskid A post shared by КΛЯŁΛ H. 🍃🌺🌿 (@ine3) on Apr 27, 2015 at 2:07pm PDT

Monday night’s protests quickly became dangerous as riot police and the high schoolers clashed. Within hours of the start of the protests, multiple fires were burning across the city.

Some people in the protests clearly had less than just intentions Monday night as the evening unfolded. At one point, rioters were seen on live TV pulling a woman from her car and beating her. Police were also reportedly firing rubber bullets and tear gas at the group of high school kids.

Several juveniles are part of these aggressive groups. WE ARE ASKING ALL PARENTS TO LOCATE THEIR CHILDREN AND BRING THEM HOME. — Baltimore Police (@BaltimorePolice) April 27, 2015

As the city was engulfed in smoke, the Baltimore police issued a curfew for children. Not long after, the national guard was called in. Baltimore was burning.

Whether or not you agree with the mother’s intentions in removing her son from the situation, one thing is certain, Monday night in Baltimore was no place for children.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38598,"In a devasting blow to its megabank creditors, Puerto Rico’s Legislature approved a bill on Wednesday that suspended the US territory’s debt payments until at least January 2017.

Since 2000, Wall Street has conned the Puerto Rican government into a massive black hole of debt. After Puerto Rico handed them control of their federal bond sales, Wall Street executives tacked on hundreds of millions in fees for their “services,” greasing the skids for the island’s financial dismay.

Along with suspending debt payments, the legislation suspended payment on all general obligation bonds which happen to be guaranteed by the island’s constitution. As Bloomberg previously reported:

Advertisment

Unlike the bonds of most states and municipalities, Puerto Rico’s are exempt from local, state and federal taxes everywhere in the U.S. As a result, they are held by about half of open-end muni funds. The competitive advantage made it easy for Puerto Rico to double its debt in 10 years by selling bonds to plug annual budget deficits and pay for operating expenses — the same combination that brought New York City to the brink of bankruptcy in the 1970s.

As a result of the predatory lending tactics of Wall Street, coupled with the irresponsible nature of the state, Puerto Rico’s national bank is now prepped for receivership if necessary, according to the measure.

The Federal Reserve of New York has a long-standing relationship with Puerto Rico which has undoubtedly led to the territory’s fiscal woes. In 2014, the Fed issued a warning to the Puerto Rican government telling them to grow the economy (i.e. take on more Fed debt) or watch their economy crumble. According to the Federal Reserve’s report:

The Island appears to face two alternatives: either manage its own economic adjustment and put the Commonwealth on a secure fiscal basis, or wait for outmigration and the discipline of the market to force an even more painful adjustment, particularly for those unable or unwilling to leave the Island. Thus, the demanding choices Puerto Rico makes today will affect its long-run economic prospects and the future livelihood of its residents. A better future for Puerto Rico requires decisive leadership today.

It seems that refusing to take on more debt has created a terminal condition for Puerto Rico’s economy as the GDP remains stagnant, interest rates on their debt skyrocket, and citizens are fleeing the island at record rates.

As the Legislature met to discuss restructuring a $$5 billion portion of the island’s debt, the Government Development Bank balked at the deal, noting that Wall Street has gotten them to where they are today.

“It is exactly the type of ‘Wall Street’ solution that led us to the precipice we are now looking over,” they said.

According to the Pew Research Center, 84,000 people left for the mainland U.S. last year. The unpayable mountain of debt and the resultant chaos in Puerto Rico is but the canary in the coal mine for the fiscal situation soon to be faced by other states who have long practiced the same heavily irresponsible borrowing practices.

In the short time that it will take most people to read this article, the US national debt will increase by $$3,000,000. As it stands currently, the United States national debt is approaching $$20,000,000,000,000 — a number now symbolic of the mathematical certainty that is the West’s financial collapse.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74993,"It’s really never a good idea to hit a police officer. But that’s exactly what one University of Miami fan did on Saturday to one of the officers arresting her presumably for being drunk and disorderly at yesterday’s football game. The charges for hitting a police officer are usually pretty serious felonies. But adding insult to injury, the girl also got a well placed retaliatory hand as well.

The incident took place at the University of Miami stadium when the Hurricanes were taking on the Virginia Tech Hokies. The canes were the victors over the Hokies with a score of 28-10, but there was one clear loser at yesterday’s game: the girl who got knocked out by a police officer.

It’s unclear why the police officers were removing the young female from the stadium, but one can only imagine it was her own behavior that got her into trouble in the first place. She looked particularly drunk, so it may be safe to assume her own bad choices led her to the point where police were called.

Advertisment

The video which was uploaded to Twitter, shows the four officers attempting to apprehend the girl, but instead of putting her in handcuffs and dragging her out, they hoisted her up above their shoulder level, giving her an advantage over them. We wonder if that was proper police procedure.

At any rate, after being lifted up higher than the officers, the young girl took a swipe at the bald head of one of the officers. Missing on her first attempt, she then backhanded the officer across the face. In turn, the officer balled up his fist, and punched her right in the mouth, seemingly knocking her unconscious.

She went limp as the officers continued to take her out of the stadium. The whole incident was caught on camera, prompting many people to give their opinions on Twitter. Many of those who commented believed the incident to be somehow connected to racism, but the officer was clearly only reacting to being slapped. However, serious questions can now be raised as to whether or not the officers could have done a better job at not only keeping themselves safe but preventing the officer from needlessly punching the woman in the mouth.

Some believed the officer will lose his job. Others believed he was just doing his job. Either way, the incident serves to illustrate just how foolish it is to hit a police officer and subsequently be charged with assaulting an officer of the peace.

While assault charges seem justified in this case, there are other examples (as TFTP has reported), where officers have charged people with assault, for just touching an officer. One Baltimore cop provoked a confrontation with a young man by poking the man in the chest with his finger. When the man brushed away the cop’s finger, the cop punched him in the face, arrested him, and then charged HIM with assault. Had the incident not been recorded, the young man would likely have ended up in jail or prison.

While we bring you story after story of police officers abusing their power and bullying people while wearing a badge, the video of the girl backhanding a cop at the University of Miami stadium serves as a valuable reminder. You will never win in a battle against a cop.

UPDATE: According to ESPN

“Miami-Dade Police Detective Alvaro Zabaleta said in an email Sunday that Bridget Freitas, a 30-year-old nurse, has been charged with felony battery on a police officer and misdemeanor disorderly conduct. He said the department is reviewing the video to make sure proper procedures were followed in the altercation at Hard Rock Stadium during Miami’s win Saturday over Virginia Tech.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
73985,"Henryetta, OK — The separation of church and state is but a myth in America. If you think that claim is false, try buying alcohol on a Sunday in one of the thousands of towns across America that prohibit it. Or, as this latest and most ridiculous case illustrates, try to dance next to a church in Henryetta, Oklahoma.

One would think that in the Land of the Free, a ban on the innocent act of dancing would be illegal. However, one would be wrong. Dancing bans, legal or religious prohibitions against dancing, have been applied at various times in various jurisdictions across the country — and Oklahoma is no exception.

On February 14th, the town of Henryetta had an exquisite Valentine’s day dance planned that would have taken place at Rosie LaVon’s Marketplace.

As KTUL reported, Robbie Kinney said she had family who wanted to go to the dance, but there was just one problem.

“The ordinance says no dancing allowed. It’s illegal,” said Kinney.

Advertisment

Rosie LaVon’s Marketplace just so happens to be located 300 feet from a nearby church. And, according to the town’s morality ordinance that prohibits dancing, they need to be at least 201 feet further away because dancing within 500 feet of a church is a punishable offense.

What’s even more asinine is the fact that this law has never had to be enforced, but because “it’s the law,” the town canceled the dance anyway.

“It’s never been enforced my entire life,” Mayor Jennifer Clason told KTUL. “But I’d never looked at it because it never came up.”

As the Free Thought Project constantly points out, just because something is illegal, that doesn’t make it wrong. Legality ≠ morality.

Instead of applying this discretion to the asinine law that bans moving your body around to music within 500 feet of a church, city officials did their civic duty and upheld it.

“Laws are laws, and we’re going to abide by them,” Kinney told KTUL. “We can’t pick and choose what laws we uphold.”

The city attorney showed this blind dedication to the arbitrary and insane law — in spite of the Police Chief intelligently using his discretion and claiming he had no intention of enforcing it.

“It’s one of those ordinances that was passed long before I ever came, and we have no interest in enforcing it,” said Police Chief Steve Norman.

After the debate was pushed into the public arena this week, Clason said the city will consider abolishing the law during their February 22 meeting. However, Valentine’s Day will have long passed by then.

If you think this is an isolated case, think again. Last year, the Free Thought Project reported on another case in which an entire concert was canceled because dancing in a bar is illegal in Mississippi.

The Mississippi Alcohol Beverage Control (ABC) board was met with backlash from across the country last year after shutting down a rap concert for anticipated ‘twerking.’

Big Freedia, of New Orleans, Louisiana, and star of the reality TV show, “Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce,” had her show cancelled in Mississippi last February after an officer from the ABC threatened to shut down, not only the concert, but the entire venue where it would be held, for a year.

Also, just this week, the Free Thought Project reported on the story of a man who was brutally attacked and tasered by police for dancing at a bus stop. The entire disgraceful act was captured on video.

While this case may seem funny on the surface, it illustrates the dangerous nature of blind obedience to the state — no matter how arbitrary or immoral. Just as police continue to kidnap, cage, and kill people for possessing cannabis, an amazingly beneficial plant, lawmakers and their enforcers proceed without question — after all, it’s the law.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
71003,"Syria (RT) — Islamic State militants have lost “most” of their ammunition, heavy vehicles and equipment in Russian airstrikes, the Defense Ministry said Tuesday. At least 86 ISIS targets were hit during 88 sorties in the last 24 hours.

Sukhoi Su-24M and Su-34 bombers, together with Su-25SM ground support aircrafts targeted Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) sites in the provinces of Raqqah, Hama, Idlib, Latakia and Aleppo, according to the ministry. The jets hit command posts, ammunition and armament depots, military vehicles, plants producing explosives, field camps and bases.

#SYRIA Russian air strikes resulted in elimination of the most part of #ISIS ammunition, heavy vehicles and equipment — Минобороны России (@mod_russia) October 13, 2015

Su-24M bombers also targeted an IS field headquarters near the city of Anadan in the province of Aleppo from which the terrorists coordinated their activities. There was an ammunition depot at the site, the ministry said.

One more IS field post was destroyed near the city of al-Bab in Aleppo Province.

Advertisment

#SYRIA The terrorists activated all their logistics net to transport ammo and fuel from #Raqqah province — Минобороны России (@mod_russia) October 13, 2015

A new set of videos was released showing targets hit in Latakia and Hama.

An Su-34 bomber airstrike completely destroyed a bunker with an ammunition depot near Latamna in the province of Hama, the ministry said in a press release.

According to intercepted communications, the militants suffer from shortages of ammunition, small arms and grenade guns. Several commanders allegedly say they will withdraw their units unless their ammunition needs are satisfied.

“Russian airstrikes resulted in the elimination of the majority of ISIS ammunition, heavy vehicles and equipment,” the Defense Ministry tweeted.

Russia launched its anti-IS military operation in Syria on September, 30, at the request of the Syrian government. Western countries have voiced concerns that Russia rather targets moderate opposition in Syria, but Moscow says it is after terrorist groups such as IS and Al-Nusra Front.

“[Western countries] say we are bombing false targets. On Sunday US air forces targeted a power station and a transformer in Aleppo. Why did they do it? Whom did they punish? What was the sense? That is unclear,” Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday.

Meanwhile, Russia’s Ministry of Defense has prepared an agreement concerning the safety of flights in Syria and sent it to US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter, who confirmed that talks are being held. However, no agreements have yet been reached, RIA Novosti reported.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104020,"In a blow to the family and friends of Philando Castile, the officer who is responsible for his death is returning to work.

Last month, in shocking video streamed on Facebook Live, Philando Castile, 32, is seen bleeding to death after a Minnesota police officer shot him through his driver-side car window. His girlfriend, Lavish Reynolds captured the horrific scene on her cell phone, narrating the tragic events and streaming them live on Facebook.

According to Reynolds, police pulled them over for a broken tail light and callously shot her Castile to death after he told the officers that he had a firearm and a conceal-and-carry permit. Reynold’s 4-year-old daughter was reportedly sitting in the back seat when the officer fired at least four bullets into Castile’s arm and chest.

Advertisment

Philando Castile was an innocent man, gunned down in cold blood by an officer trained to think the public is his enemy.

Now, only a month after the death of this beloved member of the community, the cop who sent him to an early grave, St. Anthony Police Officer Jeronimo Yanez, is coming back to the job.

As reported by the AP, Yanez was expected to return to work for the first time Wednesday, Chief Jon Mangseth said. Yanez will perform desk duties and other administrative work until the investigation is completed and charging decisions are made, the chief said.

Mangseth wouldn’t discuss any details of the shooting, and would not say whether or not he thinks Yanez should be exonerated. He did, however, go out of his way to praise him.

“He has a real sound ability when it comes to communicating and relating to people,” Mangseth said. “He showed me that he could shine in that public eye.”

In Castile’s girlfriend’s video, Yanez is yelling expletives and pointing his gun at Castile as he lies bleeding in the driver’s seat of the car — sounds like he has an amazing sense of “communicating and relating to people.”

“There’s been no time in my career where we’ve ever had this type of dynamic at work, this national stage, so to speak,” said Mangseth, who joined the department in 1995 and took over as chief earlier this year.

According to the AP, that scrutiny eventually revealed Mangseth’s department has disproportionately arrested African Americans. While just 7 percent of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area is black, nearly half of the St. Anthony police’s arrests in the first half of 2016 were of black people, according to an AP analysis of arrest data provided by the department. Members of Minnesota’s black community said the statistics were proof of racial profiling.

As the Free Thought Project reported last month, Castile was a ticking time bomb — because of law enforcement policy in the United States.

Prior to being pulled over and murdered by Yanez, Castile had been stopped a whopping 52 times. All of these ‘offenses’ were non-criminal, had no victim, and were used to extract thousands from this poor man.

According to the Post, Castile was assessed at least $$6,588 in fines and fees, although more than half of the total 86 violations were dismissed, court records show.

Castile was not a criminal. Not only was he not a criminal, Castile was an upstanding member of the community who now mourns his loss, yet he was targetted by police dozens of times.

“He’s concerned for his future and for his family,” the chief said of Yanez. “This has put him and his family front and center in our metro area, not to mention the nation.”

Had Yanez actually been concerned for his future last month, perhaps Philando Castile would not have been robbed of his.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90487,"The cushiest government job of all might belong to Jeffrey Farrow, executive director of an obscure federal agency called the Commission for the Preservation of America’s Heritage Abroad (CPAHA).

Established in 1985, the CPAHA is tasked with preserving and protecting monuments and buildings “associated with the foreign heritage of U.S. citizens abroad.”

Farrow works four hours per week leading this commission and collects an annual salary of $$143,000. He was appointed in 2001.

Advertisment

This incredible waste of taxpayer money was discovered in 2013 by General Services Administration’s inspector general. But Senator Ron Johnson, chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, says nothing has been done since then to correct this and other inappropriate practices at the CPAHA.

He seriously doubts that Farrow “shares any personal involvement in the important mission of the commission.”

“Instead, his taxpayer-funded job at the commission seems to have been merely one more source of income for him.”

The six-figure government check is only a small fraction of Farrow’s income. He is also a registered lobbyist working for Puerto Rico and the island nation of Palau, and is on pace to earn $$1.3 million this year.

According to GovExec.com

The GSA IG report found the commission agreed to pay Farrow $$104,000 per year to work eight hours per week. Instead, he took the higher salary and worked less than the scheduled amount. He conducted his lobbying business attempting to attract Congressional appropriations to Puerto Rico and Palau from his federal office and using federal resources, and reportedly spent 90 percent of his time on that work. Extrapolated out, Farrow was earning the equivalent of a $$1.5 million full-time salary.

This former Hilary Clinton presidential campaign manager also lets his underlings at CPAHA get in on the action, allowing contracted employees to take vacations and bill the agency for those hours, as well as sidestep the competitive bidding process.

The agency did not provide any answers to Sen. Johnson’s letter asking for “detailed expenditures, information on official trips, compensation packages for contractors, emails sent from the agency’s official accounts, minutes from meetings and the typical work week for the commission’s few employees.”

This almost comical situation represents the complete dysfunction of a bloated, out-of-control central government swamped with corruption. We have a pointless agency staffed by friends of the ruling class, with a boss who parasitizes taxpayers for $$687.50 an hour for doing virtually nothing.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95599,"Russiaville, IN – A pair of law enforcement officers were shot early Sunday morning while serving two ‘drug-related’ search warrants. According to ABC News, one of the search warrants was for “Possession of a Syringe.” It is unclear at this time what the other warrant was for.

Deputy Carl Koontz and Sgt. Jordan Buckley allegedly entered the central Indiana home after announcing themselves and receiving no answer from the homeowner(s). According to the Howard County Sheriff’s Department, both officers were met with gunfire upon entering the home.

Tragically, Deputy Koontz, was pronounced dead after being mediflighted from the scene of the “gunfight.” Sgt. Buckley was also air-lifted to receive medical care, and is reported to be alive. SWAT teams from multiple police agencies raided the home after a two-hour stand-off to find the suspect dead in the home. Whether or not the suspect was killed by police, or took his own life, is yet to be determined.

Several years ago, Indiana took action to “recognize the unique character of a citizen’s home and to ensure that a citizen feels secure in his or her own home against unlawful intrusion by another individual or a public servant.”

Advertisment

This controversial law essentially legalized the shooting of police officers for unlawfully entering a citizen’s property. The heavily militarized tactics employed during the state’s war on drugs have long been questionable.

In this case, the unintended consequences of the drug war are on full display. Unfortunately, cops around the country continue to enforce failed laws that have proven to only endanger law enforcement officers without reward for deterring drug use. Police agencies gear up in military vehicles, and use military weaponry and tactics to combat individual users and street level drug dealers, all because the underground market is ruled through the barrel of a gun.

It’s unfortunate to see America have to endure the same mistakes that were made during the prohibition of alcohol. More police officers were killed during prohibition than any other time in American history. If only more LEO’s would research Law Enforcement Against Prohibition (LEAP), a large group of current, former and retired cops who just say no to enforcing these failed laws.

Although it is unclear what the second warrant obtained by authorities may have been, it is unlikely that it was a high-risk felony warrant, since only Koontz and Buckley served it and not the entire Howard County Sheriff’s SWAT team.

Is the risk worth the reward?

The rate of drug addiction has been unaffected by prohibition, mandatory minimums and military-style SWAT raids that are riskier for police and the public than the drugs themselves.

Other countries have taken different approaches to needle drug use, which is what we can assume a law to criminalize “Possession of a Syringe” would be meant to prevent. Portugal decriminalized all drugs and opened up clean injection facilities for addicts to utilize. These facilities offer clean needles, which has stopped the spread of disease. Users are also monitored by medical staff, which has stopped drug overdoses. Portugal has cut their country’s needle drug use in half since they changed their drug policies in 2001. They went from having the worst heroin problem in Europe, to having one of the lowest.

These ideas are spreading. Currently in America, a New York Legislator is fighting to legalize monitored injection facilities. Opponents say it’s a bad idea, but science and research by individuals like Dr. Gabor Maté prove otherwise. It’s only a matter of time before these ideas saturate the conversation surrounding the war on drugs.

Punishing drug users has only proven to be dangerous for both the public and police, while only making drug gangs and cartels rich and powerful. It’s time that we look at the science and start treating drug users as patients, and people. It’s time to shut down the drug gangs that rule the black market like Al Capone did during the days of alcohol prohibition where nearly 300 police officers died each year. It’s time to end the drug war.

The Free Thought Project’s messages to the Howard County Sheriff’s department were not immediately returned.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96258,"New York, NY– An unidentified 69-year-old retired New York City correction officer shot and killed Gilbert Drogheo, 32, inside a Brooklyn subway station around 6:30 pm on Tuesday evening.

The shooting happened after Drogheo and the man accompanying him got into a dispute.

The rush hour incident reportedly began as the unnamed officer stepped between Drogheo and Joscelyn Evering, 28, as they were having a conversation on a subway train.

Advertisment

The police claim that the men had pushed Drogheo down into an empty seat before all of the men exited the same subway stop. The altercation picked back up inside the station, before the retired officer pulled out his weapon and shot Drogheo.

A shocking video obtained by The Free Thought Project appears to show officers arresting the man trying to help the gunshot victim, while the victim lays dying without medical treatment or care. As an officer argues with the man filming, Drogheo’s body is still lying helplessly. The victim later died in the hospital.

Less than 12 hours later, Norman Seabrook, the president of the city Correction Officers’ Benevolent Association, was already chiming in to express support of the former officer who recklessly fired a weapon in a crowded station. The former corrections officer acted with no regard for ricochets, and Seabrook is making claims of self-defense before any investigation could possibly be completed.

“Everyone said ‘gun’ and ran off the train, I was standing there in shock,” witness Thomas Berry explained to ABC. The unnamed officer was taken into custody but was released after agreeing to report back for questioning on Wednesday. The former officer was also allowed to remain on the scene after the incident and sustained no injuries, NBC reports.

Evering was charged with assault and menacing and he did not receive the “come back Wednesday” courtesy that the officer did. Despite Evering not injuring anyone- he was held for an initial court appearance. It is unclear if he as been released.

Could Drogheo’s life have been saved if officers applied life saving measures, or didn’t arrest the guy trying to save the man’s life? What kind of person allows a man to lay dying and not attempt to help them?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89041,"Carrollton, TX — In modern day police state, USA, exchanging goods and services is a crime unless the state gets their cut. So, even though a Carrollton mother was “stunned” to find a warrant issued for her arrest for selling tamales to her neighbors — it was to be expected.

This week, Dennise Cruz was shocked to receive a yellow postcard from the City of Carrollton stating that if she doesn’t immediately submit to their extortion demands, then she would be kidnapped and locked in a cage.

“That has to be wrong. I don’t have any tickets under my name. That’s just my first reaction. Never would have I thought, tamales,” said Cruz in an interview with CBS DFW. “To know that somebody can be arrested over that, that to me is unbelievable.”.

The yellow ticket was a “warrant arrest notice” stemming from Cruz’ illegal activity a few months prior. Cruz, obviously a hardened criminal worthy of police action, decided to make her famous tamales and post them on the app Nextdoor for sale. Her neighbors loved them.

“It’s just so common. That’s why to me, I don’t understand why it’s such a big deal,” said Cruz.

Advertisment

However, because Cruz did not pay the state to operate this business, their procedure is to rob her under the threat of violence. She was hit with a $$700 fine.

“When it hit me, I was like that is a lot of money,” said Cruz.

When Cruz called the city to protest her extortion, the clerk told her that someone reported her for not having a food permit. However, this is not likely as only the government would know such things.

“I don’t understand because if anything I would have rather them come to me first if they had any concerns,” said Cruz.

The city of Carrollton maintains that extorting Cruz is in the interest of the people. According to a city director, tamales are a danger to society. A director said a fine was issued and not a warning because tamales are considered “potentially hazardous food” due to the cooked corn and meat being used, according to CBS DFW.

“I’ve seen so many people doing it. And unfortunately it’s me who’s having to deal with it,” said Cruz. “I’d just rather stay away from that at the moment, making tamales.”

The good news is Cruz intends to fight this tyranny in court. Also, friends set up a GoFundMe account for her that’s made more than quadruple the amount she needs just to pay the fine — highlighting that Americans can’t stand this ridiculousness either.

This absurd arrest warrant comes on the heels of an equally asinine incident, also in Texas, in which two young girls had their lemonade stand shut down by local cops for not having the correct permit. The good news is that, like Cruz, the girls refused to roll over and opened their stand up again the next weekend.

Apparently, Texas officials take their motto Don’t Mess with Texas quite literally. Aside from threatening to arrest a young mother attempting to make ends meet by selling tamales and shutting down little girls’ lemonade stands, they’ll also throw you in a cage for having tall grass on your own property.

Don’t take our word for it, however. Ask 75-year-old Gerry Suttle, who was stunned when she received a call from the local police chief, informing her that she had a warrant issued for her arrest — because her grass was at a length not desirable for the state of Texas.

In April of last year, another Texas resident, Rick Yoes, was sentenced to 17 days in jail for the length of his grass.

And some folks still have the gall to call this country the Land of the Free.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38864,"It’s one thing for the tin foil wearing on head types of folks to prepare for doomsday, but it’s altogether another when the world’s wealthiest begin to prepare for the breakdown of civilization. But that’s exactly what some of the richest individuals are doing.

The New Yorker reported this week Reddit’s CEO Steve Huffman is one such prepper. “He is less focussed on a specific threat—a quake on the San Andreas, a pandemic, a dirty bomb—than he is on the aftermath, ‘the temporary collapse of our government and structures,’ as he puts it. ‘I own a couple of motorcycles. I have a bunch of guns and ammo. Food. I figure that, with that, I can hole up in my house for some amount of time,’” he said. “I think, to some degree, we all collectively take it on faith that our country works, that our currency is valuable, the peaceful transfer of power—that all of these things that we hold dear work because we believe they work. While I do believe they’re quite resilient, and we’ve been through a lot, certainly we’re going to go through a lot more,” he said.

Huffman’s not alone in the country club of wealthy survivalist preppers. Former Facebook product manager Antonio García Martínez purchased a homestead piece of property on an island in the Pacific Northwest and furnished it with generators, solar panels, and cases of ammunition.

Advertisment

Martínez told the NY’s Evan Osnos, “When society loses a healthy founding myth, it descends into chaos.” He added, “All these dudes think that one guy alone could somehow withstand the roving mob…No, you’re going to need to form a local militia. You just need so many things to actually ride out the apocalypse.”

After he revealed to several of his friends about his island retreat and preparations, he explained that many of his friends opened up about their own preparations. “I think people who are particularly attuned to the levers by which society actually works understand that we are skating on really thin cultural ice right now,” he said.

It may seem unusual for a social media mogul and a former Facebook executive to become unlikely preppers, but when venture capitalists start to prep, it may take on a whole new meaning for some.

Financial analysts, advisors, and experts have concluded the American economy is on a fast-track towards economic collapse. As The Free Thought Project reported last week, former Congressman from Texas Ron Paul predicted the collapse of the economy within the first four years of Donald Trump’s presidency. Paul’s blaming the federal reserve saying their printing of trillions of worthless dollars has devalued the currency and placed the U.S. in the position of teetering on financial collapse.

One such financial expert is Tim Chang, a 44-year-old managing director at The Mayfield Fund. He told Osnos, “There’s a bunch of us in the Valley. We meet up and have these financial-hacking dinners and talk about backup plans people are doing. It runs the gamut from a lot of people stocking up on Bitcoin and cryptocurrency, to figuring out how to get second passports if they need it, to having vacation homes in other countries that could be escape havens.”

Before admitting that he, his wife, and their daughter keep what’s known as a “bugout bag” packed at all times, he said, “I’ll be candid: I’m stockpiling now on real estate to generate passive income but also to have havens to go to…I kind of have this terror scenario: ‘Oh, my God, if there is a civil war or a giant earthquake that cleaves off part of California, we want to be ready.’”

Fear appears to be the driving motivator for preppers to begin their chipmunk-style of hoarding supplies. Coupled with those fears, appears to be a lack of faith in the economic structures of society, and an overall distrust of the government to protect its citizenry in such cases of societal uncertainties. Those fears and concerns have given birth to a very real and growing movement of individuals and communities of preppers, all intent on doing the same thing: surviving.

While, it seems, the rich have now joined their ranks, one common denominator can be found across all levels of doomsday preppers: a lack of faith in the state. Many believe, despite the fact that Americans are loyal patriots, the citizens of the United States will turn on each other the minute food becomes scarce, chaos ensues, a natural or manmade disaster occurs, or a nuclear or EMP (electro-magnetic pulse) attack happens.

For those considering becoming preppers, Peak Prosperity, a website devoted to preparing for the end times, offers a few suggestions. Chris Martenson writes that people should be, “taking steps to be partially self-sufficient in the basics of life – food, warmth, shelter and water – and have useful experience or skills (medicine, fixing things, building, distilling, to name just a few) just makes sense.

You don’t have to strive to be completely self-reliant — it’s not realistic or necessary. Just position yourself to reduce your lifestyle requirements during times of strife, and to contribute valued support to those whom in turn you ask for help.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88232,"Whether deliberate or not, through desensitization to violence, humans have become conditioned to value human life at increasingly lower levels. Nothing is more evident of this conditioning than the reaction to the killing of the beloved and endangered gorilla, named Harambe.

The death of an endangered gorilla is most certainly tragic. However, the sheer number of people to become enraged over Harambe’s death while remaining silent in the face of human slaughter is discouraging, to say the least.

In Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, and Afghanistan, thousands of innocent civilians, including children have been murdered by drone strikes alone — and written off as collateral damage. In 2015, the United States dropped over 23,000 bombs in the Middle East — nearly one for every terrorist killed leaving thousands of unintended human targets dead.

Advertisment

Millions have died in the West’s relentless pursuit of nation building and controlling oil, all of it is written off as “collateral damage,” and the clueless politicians march on. In the meantime, the public at large remains complacent and silent in the face of mass murder.

After bombing a Doctors Without Borders (Médicins Sans Frontières, MSF) hospital in Afghanistan — and shooting at terrified victims as they fled the chaos, and then attempting to cover up its role in the tragedy, the Pentagon finally admitted to their crimes, but announced that none of the 16 people who carried it out would face any significant punishment. Americans and the mainstream media said nothing.

The U.S. government attacked a hospital with innocent charity workers, patients, and civilians, killing 45 people — and no one cares.

On the contrary, a gorilla is shot to save the life of a 4-year-old child who unwittingly fell into its cage and Americans are furious.

Thousands of American soldiers dead, tens of thousands more brutally injured, hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians in the Middle East sent to early graves, and millions more displaced, and it takes a gorilla to get people shaken up.

If the US government would bring to a halt all of its nation building, drone strike programs, militarized occupations, and 700+ bases around the world, you could rest assured that the “massive terror threat” would diminish to almost nothing.

Unfortunately, the US, in their relentless pursuit of empire, show no signs of stopping. Whatsmore, the unchecked decades of meddling and funding strategic terrorist organizations who supported their temporary interests have manifested into an actual threat.

The United States is attempting to start World War III by rattling the military industrial complex-sponsored saber at Russia and China, a move that could set off global nuclear war — and We the People only care about Harambe the gorilla.

On top of the empire building across the globe, the United States is building a police state at home. In the Land of the Free, citizens are killed by public servants at nearly twice the rate of soldiers deployed to war, and yet again — no one cares.

Do not mistake this sentiment as a lack of sympathy for the slain gorilla; it is entirely possible for one to grieve the loss of animal life as well as human life. However, it is the intention of the article to draw attention to the lack of sympathy for the latter.

It is natural to be angry at a gorilla being killed, but holding resentment toward the 4-year-old child, like most of the angry crowd is doing, is most assuredly not the solution. How about questioning the inhumane nature of zoos in general which put that gorilla in a hole in the ground and allowed for the child to fall in?

There are 10,000 zoos worldwide, with 25% of them in the USA. This is in spite of the USA only being home to 5% or so of the world’s humans.

Perhaps those people never should have been there in the first place. Perhaps if humans wouldn’t dump copious amounts of money into places that cage animals so other humans can gawk over them, then this entire ordeal wouldn’t have happened. But these things are too hard to consider when the establishment rabble rousers are clouding America’s collective mind with deceptive fury.

Anger at death is important, however, it should not be misguided into unhinged rage. It should be used to focus on solutions to prevent future deaths. And, it should not be selectively steered by the establishment. If Americans became half as angry at the unjust wars waged in their names as they have over the death of Harambe — peace would be here tomorrow.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103604,"El Paso, TX — Three months ago, Jose Olivia, 71, went to the Veterans Affairs Clinic in El Paso for a check up. However, he would not get a check up that day — instead, he’d be brutalized and arrested.

Because of the injuries Olivia sustained during the assault, Olivia says he’s had to undergo two separate surgeries — one on his throat and one on his shoulder.

On February 16, as the elderly veteran attempted to walk through the metal detectors at the entrance to the VA clinic, the guards tell him to empty his pockets, and he does. That’s when things go south.

The VA police officers then tell Olivia to put his ID in the bucket. He informs them that his ID is in the bucket, but they refused to let him through. For several minutes, Olivia exchanged words with the officers, explaining that his ID was indeed in the bucket.

Advertisment

As a guard approaches Olivia as he is about to walk through the detector, the alarm goes off, and the elderly man is swarmed by cops. They grab the 71-year-old man by the neck and throw him to the ground.

According to KVIA, Oliva says he was stunned, he was scared and hurt. The guards, employed by the VA and considered the clinic’s police, cuff him, and take him to a side room where questioning continues. All the while, Oliva says he doesn’t understand why he’s being treated so aggressively in the very place where he seeks care.

“Just to spend one year in a combat zone, and lucky to survive, I never, ever came to being hurt so much as I did on this day,” Oliva said.

After he had been assaulted by the officers, Olivia was then charged with disorderly conduct.

“It’s been a constant last three months of nightmares,” Olivia said. “I’ve seen my psychiatrist three times, and he told me my PTSD treatment that he started with me over a year ago just got shot.”

According to KVIA, they reached out to the VA police department for a statement and received the following:

“After the incident on February 16, 2016, the officers involved were interviewed and videotapes of the incident were reviewed by representatives from the Office of Security and Law Enforcement (OS&LE) and Law Enforcement Training Center….The investigators found that the charge of excessive use of force leveled by the Veteran could not be substantiated. Our Police Service takes seriously its role to safeguard our Veterans, family members, volunteers and employees while they are on our campus. Our officers’ focus is to promote a safe and secure environment and prevent criminal activity.”

Since the attack, Olivia has hired attorney Joe Spence and has filed a personal injury suit against the VA.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38388,"Washington, D.C. — For more than a decade, North Korea has been unsuccessfully attempting to prove its military might to the world through a series of failed missile launches, nuclear proliferation, and threats to anyone who attempts to come near their border. And for more than half a century, the US has enabled it. In spite of threatening nuclear war on the world, most countries have never acted. However, the Trump administration appears to want to change that.

In 2003, North Korea withdrew from the Non-Proliferation Treaty and began acquiring weapons-grade plutonium. In spite of this move, even warmongering George W. Bush never brought military action against North Korea to the point that it’s at now.

As each year passed, North Korea continued to unsuccessfully launch missile tests, make threats, and claim to be able to attack America. But that never happened.

However, fast forward to 2017, with VP and notorious neocon, Mike Pence at the helm, and all that changes as the US military are now being maneuvered in such a way as to provoke the tyrannical regime.

Advertisment

“Storm clouds gather on the horizon…..North Korea is the most dangerous and urgent threat to the peace and security of the Asia-Pacific,” Pence said last week as he addressed the military in a manner in which no VP has ever done.

Just to put North Korea into perspective, here are a few details. The socialist dictatorship is roughly the same size as Pennsylvania. Its Gross Domestic Product, however, is less than half that of Mississippi — the poorest state in the US.

It’s important to point out, though, that as the US saber rattling increases, so does the proliferation of Kim Jong Un’s nuclear arsenal.

The idea that this regime could sustain a conflict against the US, Japan, South Korea, and possibly China, is inconceivable. However, there is a very real threat from even one nuclear missile being launched, and diplomacy should be at the very forefront of all approaches to avoid such a disastrous outcome.

But, with Pence leading the way and the war hawks in the deep state puppeteering Trump, diplomacy is increasingly looking like a fleeting memory.

“As President Trump has made clear to the world, the era of strategic patience is over,” Pence declared last week.

And now, this week, the threats of provocation and war are even more grave.

In an exclusive interview about his first 100 days in office, President Trump told Reuters that he’d like to use diplomacy but that it doesn’t seem like it will happen.

“There is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with North Korea. Absolutely,” Trump told Reuters in the interview.

“We’d love to solve things diplomatically but it’s very difficult,” he said.

This ominous warning comes after decades of US meddling in the region. The fact is that we had no business jumping into a conflict between two dictatorships in 1950 and we have no business there now. What’s more, it’s our very presence in the region that has fostered and provoked the situation in which we find ourselves today.

As David Stockman points out for the Ron Paul Institute:

The fact is, the seven decade confrontation on the 38th parallel is an artifact of empire, not a necessity of homeland security. It is the handiwork of a Warfare State served by a permanent political class that derives its power, purpose and resources from the faithful pursuit and stewardship of an American Imperium. Stated differently, American soldiers are provocatively stationed on the 38th parallel—where on the other side of the line they have kept the Kim family tyranny in business for seven decades—-because Imperial Washington, like Rome, needs purportedly imperiled frontiers to justify its rule and heavy draft of military and economic resources.

Now, instead of realizing this series of brutally ignorant mistakes, which could lead to a nuclear war, and correcting them, the Trump administration seems hellbent on bringing it to a head.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75040,"Naturally, Americans are up in arms because a bunch of folks who get paid millions of dollars to throw around a leather ball decided to kneel during the national anthem. I find this ironic for several reasons.

First off, I’d like to clarify that choosing to not watch football because someone did something you disagree with is entirely your choice and your choice alone. Just like NFL players can make the decision to kneel during the anthem, you can make the decision to change the channel. It’s called freedom, it is awesome, and I highly recommend it.

That being said, I’d like to draw attention to two points, one being the idea of a country whose leader shames others and calls for the termination of their employment for practicing their right to disagree with the government, and two, why are people so upset over a bunch of kneeling millionaires?

Donald Trump was well within his right to say whatever he wants about the NFL players, up to and including calling for the NFL to fire them. It’s called freedom, and you don’t have to like it to participate in it. But, if Trump really wanted the players to start standing up for the anthem, calling for them to be fired is not only on the verge of tyrannical, but it’s nowhere close to a solution.

Advertisment

Respect is earned. It is not mandated through threats or abuse of power or forced through the barrel of a gun. If there was one thing I learned in the Marine Corps it’s that good leaders are ones that lead by example. Those leaders who demanded respect without first earning it were the reason for me turning down a 5-figure tax-free reenlistment bonus to stay in.

Leaders, and I use that term loosely, who want something from you and don’t have the common decency or fortitude to first apply themselves and find a peaceful and mutually beneficial way to get it are not leading by example and deserve no respect. Sadly, in America, leaders haven’t done these things in a long time. In America, through propaganda and fear, our leaders are demanding and mandating respect—without earning it. This is the definition of tyranny.

If Donald Trump really wanted the football players to start standing during the national anthem, then he should ask them what it is they want. If the dozens of millionaires taking knees can’t articulate a rational and well thought out list of requests, then they are merely publicity hounds buying into the divide. Colin Kaepernick could do this, and he’s has taken action to try to resolve his grievances.

I’m not quite sure all these other NFL players would be such good leaders—like Kaepernick—if asked what it is they want.

If it’s police brutality they are protesting, where were most of these folks when Obama was in office? It’s not like police brutality and racist policing practices suddenly became an issue once Trump took over in 2017. Where were all these NFL players when Obama was filling prisons with black people for possessing a plant? Where were all these NFL players when Obama continued to wage the drug war which is proven to lay far more waste to the rights of those with darker skin than to those with lighter skin? Outside of just a few of them, they were nowhere to be found, that’s where.

That brings me to my second point—the folks that are angry at these football players taking knees—because it disrespects our country, our troops and our veterans. Again, these folks have every right to voice their opinion, be angry, and boycott the NFL. It’s called freedom, and it’s awesome, and I highly recommend it.

That being said, if a person taking a knee during a song is disrespectful to our troops and veterans, what, exactly, is it considered when 307,000 of those veterans die waiting for care they were promised by this country? If a person taking a knee during a song is disrespectful to those who fought for our country, what is it considered when that country looks the other way when there over 40,000 of those veterans living on the streets with no home? If taking a knee at a football game is disrespectful, what then, is it considered when Americans remain silent as a veteran kills himself or herself every 65 minutes, every single day, every single month, of every single year?

If this song and flag represent the land of the free and people kneeling down makes others angry because it is an insult to that freedom, then how does one view the NSA surveillance grid? Is a person taking a knee worse than the United States of America creating the largest spying network the world has ever seen—one that the Stasi would’ve killed for—and using it on innocent Americans?

Is a person kneeling more offensive than the TSA groping babies, cancer patients, the elderly, and the disabled, despite never stopping a terror attack? Is a knee more offensive to freedom than the United States creating, maintaining, and financing the largest prison population the world has ever seen through the enforcement of victimless crimes?

Is a rich football player kneeling really that much more offensive than the Commander in Chief making one of the largest weapons deals in the history of the US with the largest state sponsor of terror in the world, Saudi Arabia? Is a knee more offensive than calling Saudi Arabia our ally after they were exposed for financing the horrific attacks on 9/11?

Where is the outrage? Call me a traitor, call me unpatriotic, call me whatever you want, tell me to move to Somalia and eat shit and die, because—freedom baby. However, I’ll always stand against tyranny, even if that means pissing people off for telling the truth. In an empire of lies, telling the truth is a revolutionary and often hated act.

If we can agree on one thing in this sea of vitriol and disagreement, let us remember that this country was born through protest. Slavery ended because of protest. The Declaration of Independence was a protest. It was not order-following and blind compliance that created America—it was disobedience.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103375,"Cannon Ball, ND – While many Americans passively support the Standing Rock Sioux’s fight to stop the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline, aside from showing up in Cannon Ball, North Dakota (which many simply can’t do) – to actively participate in the protests – most people are unsure of what they can actually do to support the Sioux at Standing Rock aside from posting on social media.

Advertisment

Here is a list of ten things that people can do to show their support. Some methods may be more effective than others, but the key is utilizing multiple avenues of resistance in an effort to provide full spectrum resistance against the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.

1. Call North Dakota governor Jack Dalrymple at 701-328-2200. When leaving a message stating your thoughts about this subject please be professional.

2. Sign the petition to the White House to Stop DAPL: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/…/stop-construction…

3. Donate to support the Standing Rock Sioux at http://standingrock.org/…/standing-rock-sioux-tribe…/

4. Donate items from the Sacred Stone Camp Supply List: http://sacredstonecamp.org/supply-list/

5. Call the White House at (202) 456-1111 or (202) 456-1414. Tell President Obama to rescind the Army Corps of Engineers’ Permit for the Dakota Access Pipeline.

6. Contribute to the Sacred Stone Camp Legal Defense Fund: https://fundrazr.com/d19fAf

7. Contribute to the Sacred Stone Camp gofundme account: https://www.gofundme.com/sacredstonecamp

8. Call the Army Corps of Engineers and demand that they reverse the permit: (202) 761-5903

9. Sign other petitions asking President Obama to stop the Dakota Access Pipeline. Here’s the latest to cross my desk – https://act.credoaction.com/sign/NoDAPL

10. Call the executives of the companies that are building the pipeline:

a. Lee Hanse Executive Vice President Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. 800 E Sonterra Blvd #400 San Antonio, Texas 78258 Telephone: (210) 403-6455 [email protected]

b. Glenn Emery Vice President Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. 800 E Sonterra Blvd #400 San Antonio, Texas 78258 Telephone: (210) 403-6762 [email protected]

c. Michael (Cliff) Waters Lead Analyst Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. 1300 Main St. Houston, Texas 77002 Telephone: (713) 989-2404 [email protected]

The most effective means of showing support for this cause is to actively participate in protecting this sacred land. Anyone who is able to travel to the peaceful encampments is encouraged to do so. For those unable to make the journey to North Dakota, please utilize the alternate methods provided to show your support for the Standing Rock Sioux who have united over 100 tribes from across the U.S. Please join this effort to stop this pipeline, which desecrates sacred lands and has serious potential to damage or destroy the Standing Rock reservations lifeblood – its water.

Be the change you wish to see in this world. — Mahatma Gandhi",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88311,"By Dr. Mercola

More than 3,000 food additives — preservatives, flavorings, colors and other ingredients — are added to US foods, and this is one of the key reasons why I recommend avoiding most of the processed foods that contain them.

While many well-meaning nutritionists will teach you the importance of reading food labels, the easiest way to eat healthy is to stick with foods that need no food label at all… When was the last time you saw an ingredients list on a grass-fed steak or a bunch or broccoli?

There’s a good chance, though, that you do eat some processed foods, and if this is the case reading the label is invaluable. There are literally thousands of ‘red flags’ to watch out for in the foods you eat, but a handful take the proverbial cake for worst of the worst.

The Seven Worst Ingredients in Processed Foods

Andrea Donsky, founder of NaturallySavvy.com, did a wonderful job of highlighting seven ingredients you should avoid eating in the infographic above. She refers to them as the “Scary Seven.”1 If you see any of these on a food label, promptly put it back on the shelf; if you value your health, you don’t want to be putting these in your body. Let’s take a look at each in detail:

1. Artificial Sweeteners

Experiments have found that sweet taste, regardless of its caloric content, enhances your appetite, and consuming artificial sweeteners has been shown to lead to even greater weight gain than consuming sugar. Aspartamehas been found to have the most pronounced effect, but the same applies for other artificial sweeteners, such as acesulfame potassium, sucralose and saccharin.

Advertisment

Yet, weight gain is only the beginning of why artificial sweeteners should generally be avoided. Aspartame, for instance, is a sweet-tasting neurotoxin. As a result of its unnatural structure, your body processes the amino acids found in aspartame very differently from a steak or a piece of fish.

The amino acids in aspartame literally attack your cells, even crossing the blood-brain barrier to attack your brain cells, creating a toxic cellular overstimulation, called excitotoxicity, similar to MSG.

Further, inflammatory bowel disease may be caused or exacerbated by the regular consumption of the popular artificial sweetener Splenda (sucralose), as it inactivates digestive enzymes and alters gut barrier function.2

Previous research also found that sucralose can destroy up to 50 percent of your beneficial gut flora.3 While you certainly don’t want to overdo it on sugar, there’s little doubt in my mind that artificial sweeteners can be even worse for your health than sugar and even fructose.

2. Synthetic Trans Fats

These are common in foods that contain partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, such as crackers, chips, most store-bought baked goods, and any fried foods, just to name a few examples. Synthetic trans fats are known to promote inflammation, which is a hallmark of most chronic and/or serious diseases.

For instance, in one 2010 study, post-menopausal women who consumed the most daily synthetic trans fat had a 30 percent higher incidence of ischemic strokes.4 Synthetic trans fats have also been linked to:

Cancer: They interfere with enzymes your body uses to fight cancer.

Diabetes: They interfere with the insulin receptors in your cell membranes.

Decreased immune function: They reduce your immune response.

Problems with reproduction: They interfere with enzymes needed to produce sex hormones.

Heart disease

Your intake of trans fats should be as low as possible; no “safe upper limit” has even been established because, quite simply, there is none.

3. Artificial Flavors

What’s particularly alarming when you see a word like “artificial flavor” on an ingredients label is that there’s no way to know what it actually means. It could mean that one unnatural additive is included, or it could be a blend of hundreds of additives. Strawberry artificial flavor can contain nearly 50 chemical ingredients, for example.5

Or take the artificial flavoring called diacetyl, which is often used as a butter flavoring in microwave popcorn. Research shows diacetyl has several concerning properties for brain health and may trigger Alzheimer’s disease.Genetically engineered flavor enhancers can also be listed under the artificial flavor (or natural flavor) label.

4. Monosodium Glutamate (MSG)

This flavor enhancer is most often associated with Chinese food, but it’s actually in countless processed food products ranging from frozen dinners and salad dressing to snack chips and meats. MSG is an excitotoxin, which means it overexcites your cells to the point of damage or death, causing brain dysfunction and damage to varying degrees — and potentially even triggering or worsening learning disabilities, Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, Lou Gehrig’s disease and more.

Part of the problem is that free glutamic acid (MSG is approximately 78 percent free glutamic acid) is the same neurotransmitter that your brain, nervous system, eyes, pancreas and other organs use to initiate certain processes in your body. Although the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) continues to claim that consuming MSG in food does not cause these ill effects, many other experts say otherwise.

5. Artificial Colors

Every year, food manufacturers pour 15 million pounds of artificial food dyes into U.S. foods — and that amount only factors in eight different varieties.6 As of July 2010, most foods in the European Union that contain artificial food dyes were labeled with warning labels stating the food “may have an adverse effect on activity and attention in children.” The British government also asked that food manufacturers remove most artificial colors from foods back in 2009 due to health concerns.

Nine of the food dyes currently approved for use in the US are linked to health issues ranging from cancer and hyperactivity to allergy-like reactions — and these results were from studies conducted by the chemical industry itself.7 For instance, Red # 40, which is the most widely used dye, may accelerate the appearance of immune system tumors in mice, while also triggering hyperactivity in children.

Blue # 2, used in candies, beverages, pet foods and more, was linked to brain tumors. And Yellow 5, used in baked goods, candies, cereal and more, may not only be contaminated with several cancer-causing chemicals, but it’s also linked to hyperactivity, hypersensitivity and other behavioral effects in children.

6. High-Fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS)

It’s often claimed that HFCS is no worse for you than sugar, but this is not the case. Because high-fructose corn syrup contains free-form monosaccharides of fructose and glucose, it cannot be considered biologically equivalent to sucrose (sugar), which has a glycosidic bond that links the fructose and glucose together, and which slows its break down in the body.

Fructose is primarily metabolized by your liver, because your liver is the only organ that has the transporter for it. Since all fructose gets shuttled to your liver, and, if you eat a typical Western-style diet, you consume high amounts of it, fructose ends up taxing and damaging your liver in the same way alcohol and other toxins do. And just like alcohol, fructose is metabolized directly into fat – it just gets stored in your fat cells, which leads to mitochondrial malfunction, obesity and obesity-related diseases.

The more fructose or HFCS a food contains, and the more total fructose you consume, the worse it is for your health. As a standard recommendation, I advise keeping your TOTAL fructose consumption below 25 grams per day. For most people it would also be wise to limit your fructose from fruit to 15 grams or less, as you’re virtually guaranteed to consume “hidden” sources of fructose if you drink beverages other than water and eat processed food.

Fifteen grams of fructose is not much — it represents two bananas, one-third cup of raisins, or two Medjool dates. Remember, the average 12-ounce can of soda contains 40 grams of sugar, at least half of which is fructose, so one can of soda alone would exceed your daily allotment.

7. Preservatives

Preservatives lengthen the shelf-life of foods, increasing manufacturers’ profits – at your expense, since most are linked to health problems such as cancer, allergic reactions and more. Butylated hydroxyanisole (BHA) and butylated hydrozyttoluene (BHT) are preservatives that affect the neurological system of your brain, alter behavior and have the potential to cause cancer. Tertiary butylhydroquinone (TBHQ) is a chemical preservative so deadly that just five grams can kill you.

The preservative sodium benzoate — found in many soft drinks, fruit juices and salad dressings – has been found to cause children to become measurably more hyperactive and distractible. Sodium nitrite, a commonly used preservative in hot dogs, deli meats and bacon, has been linked to higher rates of colorectal, stomach and pancreatic cancers. And the list goes on and on…

US Processed Foods May Be Even Worse Than Those in Other Countries

Many of the food additives that are perfectly legal to use in US foods are banned in other countries. The banned ingredients include various food dyes, the fat substitute Olestra, brominated vegetable oil, potassium bromate (aka brominanted flour), Azodicarbonamide, BHA, BHT, rBGH, rBST and arsenic.

When foods are processed, not only are valuable nutrients lost and fibers removed, but the textures and natural variation and flavors are also lost. After processing, what’s left behind is a bland, uninteresting “pseudo-food” that most people wouldn’t want to eat. So at this point, food manufacturers must add back in the nutrients, flavor, color and texture to processed foods in order to make them palatable, and this is why they become loaded with food additives. If you live in Europe, you may have more options than Americans, as you may be able to find some processed foods that do not contain any synthetic additives.

Still, swapping your processed food diet for one that focuses on fresh whole foods is a necessity if you value your health. Remember, people have thrived on vegetables, meats, eggs, fruits and other whole foods for centuries, while processed foods were only recently invented.

If you want to eat (and be) healthy, I suggest you follow the 1950s (and before) model and spend quality

Sources and References",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103954,"RT.com June 7, 2014 Police officers along with Forsyth County sheriff deputies investigate the scene at the Forsyth County Courthouse following a shooting incident in Cumming, Georgia June 6, 2014. (Reuters / Tami Chappell) A shootout with a police deputy kept a man armed with explosives and an assault rifle from entering a courthouse in north Georgia on Friday morning. The deputy was injured; the suspect was killed.

The gunman, who police identified as Dennis Marx, was due in court to plead out on drug and weapons charges at the Forsyth County Courthouse in Cumming, Ga.. Authorities described him as “a sovereign citizen,” part of an anti-government group that has been tied to violent attacks on law enforcement around the country.

Marx drove his silver sport utility vehicle over the curb and through flower beds before coming to a stop in front of the courthouse flagpole. “It was on the courthouse as far as it could go — up to the stairs,” witness Kim Stephens told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.

A deputy performing a routine sweep of the courthouse approached the armed man who was still in his car. Marx began firing through the windshield, hitting the unnamed officer in the leg. He then threw out homemade spike strips so cars could not approach the building before beginning a “frontal assault” on the building, which included throwing gas or pepper grenades, police said.

Advertisment

Marx was carrying buckets of homemade explosives and ammunition, smoke grenades, supplies and water. “He came here with the purpose of occupying the courthouse,” Forsyth County Sheriff Duane Piper said during a press conference. “Mr. Marx’s intention was to get in that front door and take hostages.”

The SWAT team, which was on its way to a separate incident, arrived at the courthouse within 37 seconds, WSBTV reported. Deputies both in and outside of the building engaged in a roughly 90-second shootout with the gunman, police said. Marx was shot and killed, despite wearing body armor, according to WISTV.

The actions of the wounded deputy prevented Marx from entering the building. “When the deputy engaged him outside, it saved lives,” Piper said. “The entire situation was solved by that deputy’s actions.”

The courthouse and nearby businesses were evacuated, but the situation was quickly contained, WBSTV reported. The FBI; Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; and the Georgia Bureau of Investigation were joined by bomb-sniffing dogs and a Gwinnett County bomb squad and hazmat unit as they canvassed the area for potential explosives, the Journal-Constitution reported.

Marx was well-known to the authorities, who were concerned about explosives, as “sovereign citizens are known to be involved with explosives,” a law enforcement official familiar with the situation told the Journal-Constitution.

The gunman’s former attorney told WBSTV she had withdrawn from the case on Thursday because Marx was not satisfied with her negotiating skills. She said he was a gun buyer and trader who was in court for marijuana and firearms charges. The attorney said she asked the man to undergo a psychological evaluation, but he refused.

Authorities believe Marx booby-trapped his home with explosives, where they say he has not lived in for 10 days.

The deputy, a 30-year veteran, was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries, and “is expected to be okay,” the sheriff’s office wrote on its Facebook page.

Reprinted with permission from Russia Today",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87890,"Months of disquieting and needless escalation between the United States and Russia over Syria and the Asia-Pacific theater quickened feverishly to near outright hostility over the past 48 hours, and — considering semantics from both ends suggestive of antebellum blame-casting — it’s past time to pay attention.

Indeed, though a few analysts still dismissively liken the tensions to so much blustery rhetoric, a growing number contend obstinate U.S. posturing about Russian aggression hasn’t been taken so lightly by President Vladimir Putin and his rapidly amassing allies.

Additionally, it now seems the U.S. has backed its incessant finger-pointing with the subtle language necessary to undertake what could best, if ironically, be termed a ‘defensive first strike.’

While full-scale nuclear war might indeed be an outside possibility at this early date, the specter of full military engagement is quickly materializing on several fronts. To understand how we arrived so near this precipice, a series of events and statements over the previous month should be considered contextually with those of the last two days.

After officially accusing the Russian government on Friday of attempting to influence the presidential election by hacking into and leaking documents from the Democratic National Committee servers — which, despite fast efforts to save face, undoubtedly tarnished the reputations of party members and nominee Hillary Clinton — President Obama offered an alarming statement Tuesday giving that accusation sharp teeth.

“There are a range of responses that are available to the president and he will consider a response that is proportional,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest, quoted by Reuters, told media aboard Air Force One. “It is certainly possible that the president can choose response options that we never announce.”

Speculation on an unnamed option largely centered around some form of cyber response, given the original accusation of hacking — however, it must be noted, two years ago the Obama administration deemed hacking an act of cyberterrorism and an utmost security priority — ‘terrorism’ being of critical relevance given the ongoing war against it.

Advertisment

Notably, U.S. officials have previously asserted cyber attacks, in some cases, could elicit a military response.

Without unassailable proof the Russian government hacked the DNC, any putative ‘response’ by the U.S. — proportional or not, cyber-oriented or not — would inherently be an aggressive first strike. Given the dispute over definitive evidence tracing the hack to Russia, any follow-through could conceivably be considered an act of war and/or terrorism.

As such, an actual response of any nature has been posited unlikely — however, in consideration of last week’s belligerent remarks by U.S. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley, downplaying the potential for a response could be foolhardy.

“The strategic resolve of our nation, the United States, is being challenged and our alliances tested in ways that we haven’t faced in many, many decades,” Milley told attendees of an annual meeting of the Association of the United States Army.

“I want to be clear to those who wish to do us harm … the United States military — despite all of our challenges, despite our [operational] tempo, despite everything we have been doing — we will stop you and we will beat you harder than you have ever been beaten before. Make no mistake about that.”

Milley went on to note Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran have “revised their own doctrines” and “are rapidly modernizing their military today to avoid our strengths in hopes of defeating us at some point in the future.”

Quoting an unnamed senior Russian official, Milley advised “Russia can now fight a conventional war in Europe and win.”

Whether or not Russian military would wind up fighting in Europe could be an entirely moot issue, as NATO has been amassing thousands of troops in Eastern Europe under the premise of protecting nervous nations from possible invasion. That assemblage of troops has been cited by Russia as posing an aggressive nuclear threat — which officials from the U.S. and its allies have laughed off as absurd.

“Across the Atlantic, we’re refreshing NATO’s nuclear playbook — to better integrate conventional and nuclear deterrence, to ensure we plan and train like we’d fight, and to deter Russia from thinking it can benefit from nuclear use in a conflict with NATO,” U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter stated September 29.

Russian Foreign Ministry officials responded by reiterating the perception of American aggression, as quoted by the Washington Post, “Carter’s statement means that if Russia comes under attack from U.S. allies, the Americans will be ready to back it and threaten to use their nuclear weapons against us. We would like to think that Washington understands the meaning of such statements and their possible consequences for international security and stability.”

On Tuesday, a startlingly broad ‘recommendation’ published in Znak, Russian state officials and government workers were advised to immediately pull family members from study abroad programs — or any other endeavors — in Europe to return to the motherland. Translated by Zero Hedge and cited by Znak, political analyst Stanislav Belkovsky — albeit noting the controversy of the recommendation — said, in part, “this is all part of a package of measures to prepare the elites for some ‘big war’ even if it is rather conditional …”

Also on Tuesday, Putin abruptly canceled a planned trip to Paris over the unraveling situation in Syria.

Russia also issued two altogether unambiguous admonitions last Thursday, stating continued U.S. endeavors in Syria could lead to all-out war.

“I would like to caution Washington’s colleagues to carefully consider the possible consequences of such plans,” said Russian Major General Igor Konashenkov in a statement, adding, “I remind U.S. strategists that air cover for the Russian military bases in Tartus and Hmeymim includes S-400 and S-300 anti-aircraft missile systems, the range of which may come as a surprise to any unidentified flying objects.”

Observers rightly focused on the latter portion of the previous statement as a warning to the United States that Russia would not hesitate to strike first, ask no questions later — since it would be justified in defending ally Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s troops in a sovereign nation by request.

However, the second warning — after the U.S. bombing of Assad’s troops in mid-September flared contention — constitutes, in actuality, the greater portent.

Konashenkov, as Underground Reporter noted, “made clear Russia has a number of servicemen and aid workers in several communities in Aleppo, and that ‘any strikes on territories controlled by the Syrian government will create a clear threat’ to Russian citizens.”

Dropping all pretenses, he added, “I am warning anyone, that after the U.S.-led coalition jets bombed positions of the Syrian government forces on September 17 in Deir ez-Zor, we will take all necessary measures to prevent other American ‘mistakes’ against the Russian military or other military facilities in the territory of the Syrian Arab Republic.”

China, which had originally intimated support for Russia over the U.S. quest to oust Assad, has fomented its alliance in recent days. According to one analyst, there “is no question that there is correlation, coherence and coordination between Russia and China on the Syrian issue.”

Russia has similarly indicated it would back China over the intricate territorial dispute in the South and East China Seas, particularly in defense against meddling by the United States and its ally South Korea — who will shortly deploy the U.S.’ Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) amid contention from both rival nations, as well as its citizenry.

Although THAAD ostensibly could only be deployed in a defensive capacity, China and Russia criticize its proximity to the Chinese border as an act of direct aggression. On Tuesday the two nations announced plans to hold their second joint anti-missiles drill in 2017. According to a nationalist outlet cited by Reuters, Chinese Major Gen. Cai Jun stated,

“The United States’ blind development of anti-missile systems that exceed demand and its search for absolute unilateral military superiority inevitably damage global strategic equilibrium and gravely harm major powers’ strategic trust.”

* * *

One article could not do justice to the multi-fronted, labyrinthine conflict as it now stands, but with the current situation described by some as more dangerous than even the Cuban Missile Crisis — which nearly drew the U.S. into the first nuclear war — it would perhaps be advisable to focus on swiftly-unfolding international news rather than exhaustively debating lesser-evilism.

As former Soviet Union leader and Nobel Prize-winner Mikhail Gorbachev cautioned Monday,

“I think the world has reached a dangerous point.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88303,"Trenton, NJ – Pulled out of her car and violently thrown to the ground during a traffic stop, a 59-year-old woman recently filed a federal lawsuit against the K-9 officer responsible for releasing his police dog, which attacked the unarmed woman while she was already in custody. Although the charges against the woman were eventually dropped, the K-9 officer has been charged with official misconduct, aggravated assault, false swearing, tampering with public records, and hindering his own apprehension.

On January 29, 2014, Tuckerton police Cpl. Justin Cherry and another officer responded to a residence where Wendy Tucker was reported as an unwelcome guest. After agreeing to leave, Tucker said she would take the bus home due to the fact that her license was suspended. But shortly afterward, Cpl. Cherry observed Tucker driving and attempted to pull over her vehicle.

Advertisment

Asserting that she was distrustful of the Tuckerton police officers, Tucker did not immediately pull over and instead drove to the municipal complex in Barnegat before stopping her car in the parking lot. While in the custody of Barnegat police, Tucker remained sitting in her vehicle when Cherry and other officers dislocated her left arm by roughly pulling Tucker out of the car and throwing her to the ground. Although Tucker was unarmed and not posing a threat, Cherry allegedly sicced his K-9 partner, Gunner, on her without justification.

After Cherry’s police dog reportedly took a bite of her right shoulder, Tucker was charged with eluding police, resisting arrest, and driving on a suspended license. The charges against her were later dismissed.

Last year, Cherry was charged with official misconduct, aggravated assault, false swearing, tampering with public records, and hindering his own apprehension. Instead of simply allowing Barnegat police to take Tucker into custody, Cherry has been accused of using excessive force and covering up his abuse by writing false police reports. Although the dash cam video from Cherry’s patrol car reportedly captured footage of the brutal incident, Ocean County Prosecutor Joseph Coronato is fighting to keep the video suppressed.

While a cowardly panel of judges with the Appellate Division of Superior Court sits in silence, refusing to arrive at a decision, Coronato defends the blatant lack of transparency by stating that releasing the dash cam video to the public would deem it impossible for Cherry to get a fair trial. Video evidence cannot be excluded because it makes the defendant appear guilty. Especially when the defendant is a cop, and the prosecutor routinely works with police.

Despite the fact that Superior Court Judge Vincent Grasso ruled that the dash cam video was a public record that fell under the requirements of New Jersey’s Open Public Records Act (OPRA), Coronato filed an appeal and refuses to release the footage of the attack to the public. By building a wall of secrecy, the police and the prosecutor have merely confirmed their reckless abandonment of justice and transparency. They have traded the public’s trust in order to defend an officer responsible for attacking a helpless woman without provocation.

Besides naming Cherry in her recent lawsuit, Tucker also accused Tuckerton Police Chief Michael Caputo and Barnegat Police Chief Arthur Drexler of failing to track complaints of excessive force by their officers or properly train them. She also blames the unidentified officers who witnessed the attack and did nothing to stop Cherry from using excessive force on her.

Cherry has filed a cross-complaint against the same police chiefs for any role they may have played in the damages suffered by Tucker. According to Cherry, he is not responsible for any injuries inflicted on the unarmed woman who was already in police custody when he ordered his dog to attack.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89878,"Washington, D.C. – In response to the U.S. Senate’s unanimous vote to allow 9/11 victims’ families to sue Saudi Arabia in federal court, a report published in the London-based Al-Hayat daily, by Saudi legal expert Katib al-Shammari, claims that the U.S. masterminded the terror attacks as a means of creating a nebulous “enemy” in order garner public support for a global war on terror.

The report by al-Shammari, translated by the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), claims that long-standing American policy is “built upon the principle of advance planning and future probabilities,” which the U.S. has now turned toward the Saudi regime after being successfully employed against first the Taliban and al-Qaeda, then Saddam Hussein and his secular Baathist controlled Iraq.

Al-Shammari claims the recent U.S. threats to “expose” documents implicating the Saudi government are simply the continuation of a U.S. policy, which he refers to as “victory by means of archive.” He highlights that during the initial invasion of Iraq, under George H.W. Bush, Saddam Hussein was left alive and in power to be used as “a bargaining chip,” but upon deciding that he was “no longer an ace up their sleeve” Washington moved to topple his government and install a U.S.-backed ruling party.

Advertisment

The terrorist attacks of 9/11 are now the “ace up the sleeve” of the U.S. government, according to al-Shammari.

“September 11 is one of winning cards in the American archives, because all the wise people in the world who are experts on American policy and who analyze the images and the videos [of 9/11] agree unanimously that what happened in the [Twin] Towers was a purely American action, planned and carried out within the U.S. Proof of this is the sequence of continuous explosions that dramatically ripped through both buildings… Expert structural engineers demolished them with explosives, while the planes crashing [into them] only gave the green light for the detonation – they were not the reason for the collapse. But the U.S. still spreads blame in all directions. [This policy] can be dubbed ‘victory by means of archives.”

The impetus behind the attacks, writes al-Shammari, was to create “an obscure enemy – terrorism – which became what American presidents blamed for all their mistakes” and that would provide justification for any “dirty operation” in any nation.

According to al-Shammari’s report in Al-Hayat:

“On September 11, the U.S. attained several victories at the same time, that [even] the hawks [who were at that time] in the White House could not have imagined. Some of them can be enumerated as follows: 1. The U.S. created, in public opinion, an obscure enemy – terrorism – which became what American presidents blamed for all their mistakes, and also became the sole motivation for any dirty operation that American politicians and military figures desire to carry out in any country. [The] terrorism [label] was applied to Muslims, and specifically to Saudi Arabia. 2. Utilizing this incident [9/11], the U.S. launched a new age of global armament. Everyone wanted to acquire all kinds of weapons to defend themselves and at the same time battle the obscure enemy, terrorism – [even though] up to this very moment we do not know the essence of this terrorism of which the U.S. speaks, except [to say that] that it is Islamic… 3. The U.S. made the American people choose from two bad options: either live peacefully [but] remain exposed to the danger of death [by terrorism] at any moment, or starve in safety, because [the country’s budget will be spent on sending] the Marines even as far as Mars to defend you.”

The Saudi press has been in a frenzy since the unanimous Senate vote to allow for the House of Saud to be held liable in U.S. federal court for the 9/11 attacks, with the U.S. being accused of being in alliance with Iran – to press warnings that passage of the “Satanic” bill would “open the gates of hell,” as reported by Breitbart.

Al-Shammari makes extremely clear that he views the problem as the U.S. imperial machine itself, stating, “the nature of the U.S. is that it cannot exist without an enemy.”

“The nature of the U.S. is that it cannot exist without an enemy… [For example,] after a period during which it did not fight anyone [i.e. following World War II], the U.S. created a new kind of war – the Cold War… Then, when the Soviet era ended, after we Muslims helped the religions and fought Communism on their [the Americans’] behalf, they began to see Muslims as their new enemy! The U.S. saw a need for creating a new enemy – and planned, organized, and carried this out [i.e. blamed Muslims for terrorism]. This will never end until it [the U.S.] accomplishes the goals it has set for itself.”

While it seems fighting Islamic terrorism is great for increasing fear and state propaganda meant to elicit compliant civilian populations that passively accept loss of liberty for promises of greater security, the military-industrial complex needs a bigger enemy to justify their $$600 billion dollar-a-year budgets, thus beginning the transition to labeling Russia/China as “aggressive Russia/China,” in an effort to begin to pivot away from one boogeyman to other, more profitable, ones.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38756,"Using the cover of the holidays and distracted attention, President Obama signed the National Defense Authorization Act into law Friday evening — just two days before many Americans celebrate Christmas — perhaps because it contains ominously Orwellian language meant to “counter propaganda and disinformation directed at the United States.”

Although the NDAA’s true purpose is to fund the military, notorious provisions — particularly of the variety which erase yet more freedoms — are often added to the overall legislation. In this case, the propaganda and disinformation provisions mentioned above had been attempted in a stand-alone bill which remains stalled in Congress — partly due to scathing criticism and unpopularity from wary politicians.

And that seems justifiable, given legitimate parallels drawn to 1950s McCarthyism and the Red Scare.

According to the text of the $$619 billion bill, the Secretaries of State and Defense and other pertinent officials will be tasked with creating an innocuous-sounding “Global Engagement Center.”

“The purpose of the Center,” states the text, “shall be to lead, synchronize, and coordinate efforts of the Federal Government to recognize, understand, expose, and counter foreign state and non-state propaganda and disinformation efforts aimed at undermining United States national security interests.”

In actuality, however, countering propaganda amounts to silencing dissenting opinion — particularly in the press — of anything deemed shining a favorable light on one of the many countries the U.S. considers a foe.

Such as Russia — which has been the target of choice for blame concerning the election of Donald Trump.

But it could also be a vehicle to initiate censorship of independent and alternative media for reporting on corruption — rife in the Democrat establishment and corporate press — as exposed by documents published by Wikileaks.

Advertisment

It also means creating and furthering propaganda of the American government — because, theoretically, you can’t combat foreign agitprop without filling the void with something convincing and favorable to governmental agendas.

As text of the new law explains, the center will “support the development and dissemination of fact-based narratives and analysis to counter propaganda and disinformation directed at the United States and United States allies and partner nations.”

Many of the Global Engagement Center’s duties concern targeting disinformation and propaganda being disseminated in other nations; however, it subtly suggests the effort would seek to prevent such content from reaching the United States — thus, domestic actions are, by no means, ruled out.

Indeed, as the law states:

“The Center is authorized to provide grants or contracts of financial support to civil society groups, media content providers, nongovernmental organizations, federally funded research and development centers, private companies, or academic institutions for the following purposes:

To support local independent media who are best placed to refute foreign disinformation and manipulation in their own communities.

To collect and store examples in print, online, and social media, disinformation, misinformation, and propaganda directed at the United States and its allies and partners.

To analyze and report on tactics, techniques, and procedures of foreign information warfare with respect to disinformation, misinformation, and propaganda.

To support efforts by the Center to counter efforts by foreign entities to use disinformation, misinformation, and propaganda to influence the policies and social and political stability of the United States and United States allies and partner nations.

Seeming at least somewhat innoxious, had the law been passed in a vacuum, the current hysteria over putative Russian interference during the election cycle presents alarming potential implications for the future of free speech and unobstructed access to information.

A subsequently partially backtracked report by the Washington Post, “Russian propaganda effort helped spread ‘fake news’ during election, experts say,” originally published on November 24, boldly declared The Russians had been behind disinformation during the election cycle, and had facilitated the election of Donald Trump to suit a shady but noticeably unspecified political agenda.

First to obtain an ostensibly damning list of news organizations affiliated with The Russians, the Post failed, negligently or intentionally, to investigate the nascent organization which provided said list, or to even contact a single outlet named — yet reported as if the information were so damning as to be indisputable truth.

In fact, the supposed experts cited by the once-illustrious outlet inhabited a single, newly created website, PropOrNot, whose owners sophomorically responded to outrage — giving the Post a black eye in the process — tweeting,

“Aww, wook at all the angwy Putinists, trying to change the subject – they’re so vewwy angwy!! It’s cute [gloating emoticon] We don’t censor; just highlight.”

The website encourages reporters and anyone with questions to reach out via Twitter or email, but says, “If you’re a Russian troll, though, don’t bother. We’ll just ban you.”

Although the Post, itself, did not publish or link to the unsourced and unverified index of organizations — incidentally, comprising 200 independent, alternative outlets, and those who’d dared endorse presidential candidates other than Hillary Clinton — the damage exponentially worsened as countless corporate presstitutes parroted the non-information at a rapid clip.

After its half-hearted retraction of that misstep, the Post further embarrassed itself with a report titled, “Secret CIA assessment says Russia was trying to help Trump win White House” — but stunningly provided even less evidence — and again failed due diligence to back this assertion, other than the putative claims of unnamed officials.

Worse, its own article disputed the audaciousness of the headline — the Post admitted no report would be forthcoming from a consensus of all 17 U.S. Intelligence agencies, since “minor disagreements” among officials persist.

When the public had a difficult time swallowing such allegations, the White House stepped in and, rather flippantly, proclaimed Russian President Vladimir Putin played a direct role in hacking the U.S. presidential election — again, despite any evidence the ‘election’ had been ‘hacked.’

Couple this renewed Red Scare with what, in essence, marked the legalization of one of the most nefarious covert domestic government operations in U.S. history — Operation Mockingbird — and any iterations this program won’t severely cripple legitimate but dissenting American media ring hollow.

Notably, though the Obama administration cited pernicious pro-Russian propaganda and the proliferation of false reports for causing the election of Trump, no unassailable evidence has yet been proffered proving this theory true — nor has any indication “fake news” so much as changed a single vote.

Yet, these propaganda-slaying provisions — now the law in the newly-signed NDAA — put this shirked blame for a lost election strawman directly in the crosshairs, as if The Russians meddled was irrefutably evident.

What we can now expect in the coming year is quite up in the air; but, for purveyors of information critical of the political establishment, the NDAA portends censorship beyond the current, heightened, and unusually judicious level we’re currently experiencing.

For everyone concerned about the ability to speak freely — and those who choose to challenge themselves with information outside their personal echo chamber — the legislation constitutes a potentially abhorrent overreach into previously sacred territory.

In fact, for all intents and purposes, the NDAA’s single phrase, “dissemination of fact-based narratives,” summons a near specter to newspeak, the propagandic and revisionist language created by the Ingsoc government’s Ministry of Truth in George Orwell’s now eerily portentous 1984.

Innumerable tongue-in-cheek references to that dystopian classic have been made in recent times, but the new law seemingly cements the parallels — naming the modern iteration of the Ministry of Truth an even creepier, Global Engagement Center.

Given the renewed Cold War atmosphere, perhaps politicians would’ve been better served by discarding pretense and inserting into the legislation’s text Orwell’s famous line, “Oceania was at war with Eurasia; therefore Oceania had always been at war with Eurasia.”

None of this, it must be noted, is intended in any way to instill fear; however, history — specifically the era of Senator Joseph McCarthy and his ill-reputed witch hunts against dissenting voices — teaches that the imperative for caution greatly precludes the polite delicacies of not treading far enough.

And it is precisely the foible human penchant for failing to grasp historical lessons that makes a degree of alarm necessary in yet another attempt not to repeat our most ill-fated mistakes.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95680,"April 4, 2014

If there were a video dictionary of online idioms, the guy on the motor cycle in the video below would be featured under, “Like a boss.”

Advertisment

Its a short video, but that means you can watch it over and over and just keep laughing!

Enjoy!

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102818,"Construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) has demonstrated to the world how U.S. oil interests and government co-conspirators will let nothing stand in their way to reap billions from the continued exploitation of fossil fuels.

In securing the route for their 30-inch pipeline, Energy Transfer Partners has stolen land from private landowners through eminent domain, bulldozed their way through ancient Native American burial grounds, put hundreds of waterbodies at risk and is threatening the Missouri River water source of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.

The tribe has fought to defend their water rights and sacred grounds from assault by corporate interests and governments salivating at the promised tax revenue, but have been defeated at almost every turn. Immense protests of Native Americans, and those standing in solidarity, have been met with private mercenaries and vicious attack dogs, cops carrying protesters off to jail, and even the National Guard.

The protests have drawn national and international attention, as DAPL represents the latest event in a long history of abusing the rights and property of Native Americans. Just last week, more than 1,200 archeologists, museum directors, and historians penned a letter to President Obama denouncing the deliberate destruction of Standing Rock Sioux ancient burial grounds.

Advertisment

Energy Transfer Partners rationalizes the construction of DAPL by saying that pipelines are a safer method of transporting oil than rail cars or trucks. In their FAQ, the company states:

“Underground pipelines are the safest mode of transporting crude oil. Monitored 24 hours a day, seven days a week and 365 days a year, including rigorous pipeline integrity planning and maintenance, federal statistics show that underground pipelines transport crude oil more safely than ships, rail, or trucks. In the United States, the U.S. Department of Transportation is responsible for ensuring safety of the design, construction, operation and maintenance of interstate pipelines Energy Transfer has long standing commitments to the safety of people, the environment, and our property and assets. We do this because it makes good business sense, but more importantly, it is the right thing to do. These commitments are held as fundamental core values and are an integral part of us as a partnership and a corporate citizen.”

However, this is a dangerously misleading statement. Yes, the frequency of pipeline spills are less than the frequency of rail or truck spills, but pipelines spill more oil. In fact, U.S. pipelines spilled three times as much crude oil as trains over an eight-year period, according to the International Energy Agency.

Spills are often located in remote regions, in or near sensitive environmental areas and sources of drinking water. They can be more difficult to contain and can leak for longer periods before being contained.

800,000 gallons of tar sands crude oil spilled into the Kalamazoo River in Michigan in 2010, and it took four years to clean up. More than 40,000 gallons of oil from the Bakken fields – the same fields DAPL will serve – spilled into the Yellowstone River in Montana in 2015, poisoning the drinking water of the town of Glendive.

Pipeline companies do not want you to know the enormous amounts of oil and other toxic materials that spill from supposedly “safe” pipelines on a daily basis. The fact is, since 2009 when domestic oil production began ramping up, “the annual number of significant accidents on oil and petroleum pipelines has shot up by almost 60 percent, roughly matching the rise in U.S. crude oil production…”

The numbers are staggering. A 2015 analysis by the Center for Effective Government found:

“Since 2010, over 3,300 incidents of crude oil and liquefied natural gas leaks or ruptures have occurred on U.S. pipelines. These incidents have killed 80 people, injured 389 more, and cost $$2.8 billion in damages. They also released toxic, polluting chemicals in local soil, waterways, and air.” According to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, these spills and ruptures released over 7 million gallons of crude.”

The website displays a map of oil pipeline spills from 2010 to present, and it is discouraging to say the least.

Most of the spilled crude oil originates in Texas and…you guessed it…North Dakota – where DAPL will be carrying a half million barrels a day of crude oil from the Bakken and Three Forks fracking fields.

Clearly, the main selling point put forward by Energy Transfer Partners, and those who stand to reap billions from its construction, is a lie. Put in terms of the amount of crude oil spilled, pipelines are more dangerous than rail cars or trucks.

But this is not an appeal to continue relying on railroads and highways for transporting oil. The shocking data on oil spills, the threat to human health and the environment, and the assaults on the rights of landowners and Native Americans brought about by the DAPL construction point to one conclusion.

Now, more than ever, we need to speed our transition away from fossil fuels and fully embrace renewable energy. The technology is there, and the free market is making great strides to make this happen. But the corporatocracy still has an enormous grip in perpetuating the oil era, as we can plainly see in the construction of DAPL and the increased oil production through fracking.

The corrupt partnership of corporate behemoths and government players is keeping us mired in the era of oil, putting human and environmental health in ever greater risk with more and more pipeline construction.

Please help us combat the disinformation campaign of oil companies and the willful ignorance of mainstream media by sharing this article so the truth can be known about oil pipelines.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103475,"The police union chief instructed his members to impose a martial law-type policing regime on the city.

When Police Benevolent Association chief Patrick Lynch said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has the blood of two dead cops on his hands, he was issuing a physical threat to both the person of the mayor and the civil authority to which the police are subordinate and sworn to protect. In a nation under the rule of law, such a statement by a representative of an armed and enflamed constabulary – 35,000-strong, the equivalent of three light infantry divisions – would trigger an immediate defensive response from the State, to guard against mutiny. But, of course, no such thing happened.

BAR | Glen Ford

When Lynch’s PBA declared, in a prepared statement, that “we have, for the first time in a number of years, become a ‘wartime’ police department” and “will act accordingly,” that constituted an instruction to union members to impose a martial law-type policing regime on the city – with no authorization other than the weapons they carry. Sounds very much like a coup.

Advertisment

On Internet message boards, police union activists instructed the rank and file to refuse to respond to incidents unless two units were dispatched to the scene, and to double up even if given orders to the contrary. Under this “wartime” footing, the police would simply seize the power to deploy and assign themselves, as they liked – and to hell with the chain of command and civilian authorities.

To hell, especially, with Mayor de Blasio, who now travels nowhere except under the protective custody of police commissioner Bill Bratton, a “cop’s cop” and architect of the “Broken Windows” policing strategy that begat stop-and-frisk. Bratton translates de Blasio’s words into cop-speak, and has forged a tense truce between the uniformed legions and the man who won 95 percent of the Black vote on the promise to put a leash on the gendarmes.

There is no doubt the cops feel betrayed – a rage that has been building in synch with the growth of a nationwide movement that challenges the legitimacy of the Mass Black Incarceration State, of which they are the frontline troops, the “heroes” in the war to criminalize and contain an entire people. The chants and placards are an insult and an indictment of THEM, and of their centrality to the racist project that has been an organizing principle of the nation for more than two generations. How is it that cops can be compelled to “protect and serve” marchers whose purpose is anathema to the American policing mission: to beat down, lock up, and extrajudicially execute dissident, disorderly, uppity or merely inconvenient Black people?

The cops understand the law, and that the law is conditional, based on place, race and wealth, and that in the end there is only force, the use of which is their sacred monopoly. It’s what gives them a status that union paychecks cannot buy; what makes blue collar guys and gals “somebody” in society. Most of all, they know who is nobody: the beatable, friskable, disposable, killable folks who would be prey on any other day, but have lately been allowed to repeatedly parade down the most protected streets of the richest island in the country, screaming defamations.

“The cops’ rage has been building in synch with the growth of a nationwide movement that challenges the legitimacy of the Mass Black Incarceration State, of which they are the frontline troops.”

The cops are understandably angry and confused. As primary enforcers of the social order, they have an intimate knowledge of actual class and race relationships in America. Their perspectives are molded by the geographic and social boundaries they patrol; they are shaped and informed by the inequalities of the system they protect on behalf of the powerful people they serve. (Yes, they really do “serve and protect” somebody.) The cop’s worldview is also firmly anchored in the history of the United States. He may not be aware of his profession’s antecedents in the slave patrols, or even that the U.S. Supreme Court once ruled that Black people have no rights that the white man is bound to respect, but cops are the reigning experts on the borders that delineate rights and privileges in their localities. They know that public housing residents have virtually no rights that cops – as agents of the rulers – are bound to respect. They know that whole sections of their cities, encompassing most of the Black and brown populations, are designated as drug zones where everyone is suspect and probable cause is a given, or as high-crime zones where every shooting is pre-qualified as a good one.

These are the Constitution-free zones, full of people who get and deserve no protection by or from the police. The very existence of Constitution-free zones means that the Bill of Rights is not the law of the land, but a Potemkin façade, a con game, a chimera – and no one knows this better than the cops, whose job is to ensure, as best they can, that everyone stays within their designated space.

For about a million Black people, the assigned “space” is prison. The Mass Black Incarceration State is the edifice that defines the American system of justice, setting it apart from the rest of the world in size, racial selectivity, draconian sentencing and institutionalized torture (80,000 inmates in solitary confinement on any given day). The police are the drones that feed the infernal prison machine, and keep Black America in a state of rightlessness. As Shakespeare’s mercenary warrior Othello would put it: We “have done the state some service, and they know it.”

“New York City’s police force is especially prone to mutiny and coup-plotting.”

The cops threaten mutiny if the State does not stick up for the men and women who do its dirty work. PBA honcho Patrick Lynch denounced “those that incited violence on the street under the guise of protests that tried to tear down what New York City police officers did everyday. We tried to warn, ‘It must not go on. It cannot be tolerated.’”

To which the protesters answer: the police killings and the criminalization of a whole people must not go on and cannot be tolerated.

The movement has come to a critical juncture, a moment that would have arrived even if Ismaaiyl Brinsley had not made his own fatal decision. It was always inevitable that the cops would at some point demand that the State dispense with civil liberties pretenses and allow them to crush the nascent movement. New York City’s police force – by far the nation’s largest army of domestic occupation – is especially prone to mutiny and coup-plotting. Thousands of cops, many of them drunk, stormed City Hall in 1992 to express their utter contempt for Black mayor David Dinkins. But, the current crisis is far different, because it is the movement’s show, not the cops’. The people are exposing the most acute contradictions of American life through direct confrontation with the armed enforcers of the State. The cops are supposed to be upset. As Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. explained, “the purpose of direct action is to create a situation so crisis-packed that it will inevitably open the door to negotiation.” The crisis is here, and will grow deeper, but freedom is non-negotiable. The movement must win or be crushed.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
58875,"Grand jury sides with self defense, Fourth Amendment

Adan Salazar

Infowars.com



In an astonishing decision, a Texas grand jury refused to indict a Central Texas man Wednesday for shooting and killing an officer who entered his home serving a warrant unannounced, an outcome the man’s attorney says he’s never witnessed in his half-century long career.





Capital murder charges against 28-year-old Henry Goedrich Magee (pictured) dropped.

On Dec. 19 just before 6 a.m., Burleson County Sgt. Adam Sowders, 31, led a team of investigators in a no-knock marijuana raid conducted on 28-year-old Henry Goedrich Magee’s mobile home in Somerville, 90 miles northwest of Houston.

An informant had told a sheriff’s investigator he had seen 10 to 12 marijuana plants in Magee’s home, along with rifles and a pistol, which were later determined to be legally owned, and that he was a well-known dealer in the area.

Advertisment

Sgt. Sowders obtained a “no-knock” warrant from the county judge on the grounds that an announced entry could rattle a guard dog or would give Magee time to destroy evidence, and would ultimately be “dangerous, futile, or would inhibit the effective investigation.”

When Magee heard strange noises coming from within his home, he “thought he was being burglarized, reached for a gun and opened fire,” Magee’s attorney, Dick DeGuerin, argued in court.

Magee was charged with capital murder, at which point prosecutors had to prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that he knew Sowders was a peace officer before he killed him.

“This was a terrible tragedy that a deputy sheriff was killed,” DeGuerin stated in an interview, “but Hank Magee believed that he and his pregnant girlfriend were being robbed.”

Burleson County District Attorney Julie Renken was tasked with proving Magee murdered Sowders in cold blood, and contended that officers did indeed make an announcement prior to entering.

The events “occurred in a matter of seconds amongst chaos,” Renken said. “I believe the evidence also shows that an announcement was made,” she argued, according to the Associated Press. “However, there is not enough evidence that Mr. Magee knew that day that Peace Officers were entering his home.”

According to the D.A.’s own admission, however, a capital murder charge was pursued with full knowledge that there was insufficient evidence to establish the case.

Sgt. Adam Sowders (Photo courtesy Burleson County Sheriff’s Office, via PoliceOne.com)

“If there was not enough evidence that Magee knew Sowders was a cop rather than an armed robber, why did Renken try to indict Magee for capital murder?” asks Forbes contributor Jacob Sullum. “It was the police, not Magee, who created the ‘chaos’ in which Sowders was killed.”

Additionally, says Sullum, the demonstrably futile “war on drugs” is to blame. “His death is doubly senseless: because violence is not an appropriate response to cultivation of an arbitrarily proscribed plant and because, even if we take pot prohibition as a given, there is no need to enforce it by breaking down people’s doors while they are sleeping, a tactic that inevitably results in tragedies like this one.”

The grand jury’s decision is a win-win for everyone; after all, the Fourth Amendment reaffirms the “right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures..”

The decision also respects legislation outlined in S.B. No. 378, Texas’ version of the “castle doctrine,” which permits the use of deadly force when an “actor” believes someone has “unlawfully and with force entered, or was attempting to enter unlawfully and with force, the actor’s occupied habitation..”

As Magee’s attorney correctly summarized, “He did what a lot of people would have done. He defended himself and his girlfriend and his home.”

“Well we feel that the grand jury acted fairly and reasonably and had all of the information that it needed to make the decision that it did. That is that this was a justified shooting and, but we need to say that this is a tragedy,” DeGuerin added.

The move to pursue a capital murder charge despite lack of evidence illustrates how far police attorneys will go to defend their own, while at the same time unwittingly attempting to undermine their own rights.

Unable to get the murder rap to stick, the district attorney says felony drug and weapon charges against Magee will be “fully prosecuted.” He remains in jail with bond set at $$50,000.

Reprinted with permission from Infowars.com",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104619,"The Ohio state win Monday night prompted a hellish police state reaction.

Columbus, OH — Ohio State won the inaugural College Football Playoff National Championship on Monday, but the way police responded to celebrating students was a loss for all.

“We are just innocent students celebrating our football team,” one person told the the Columbus Dispatch.

Upon news of the victory, overjoyed students took to the streets in a carousing yet peaceful manner late Monday night. But their revelry was short lived as the police state descended on Columbus.

Video published by the Columbus Dispatch newspaper showed a militarized police force callously doling out tear gas and pepper spray on completely peaceful students, whose only crime was happily celebrating their team’s victory.

Advertisment

A few people were arrested for setting trash receptacles along the street on fire, as well as a couple of roadside couches, however it is unclear of whether or not this was a response to police aggression; and it was only a few people.

Also, from what we can see in the video, the overwhelming majority of those who were pepper sprayed were posing no threat to officers.

During the rampant pepper spraying the photographer for the Columbus Dispatch was hit with spray, filling up the lens with liquid and blurring out the video.

The Free Thought Project is certainly not condoning the destruction of property and if people were caught setting fires, they deserve to face the consequences.

However, the vast majority of students did not set fires and did not deserve that reaction from police.

Watch the video below.

A study by the University of California Berkeley showed that the armored cars, riot gear, gas masks, and heavy artillery can actually incite violence.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
40023,"A suicide epidemic now grips the United States, but that news comes in conjunction with several alarming reports — including underreporting by pharmaceutical companies of the scope of suicides related to antidepressant use, as well as an increase in overdoses by those prescribed anti-anxiety medication.

“An estimated 9.3 million adults (3.9% of the adult U.S. population) reported having suicidal thoughts in the past year,” said the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in their 2015 suicide statistics. In fact, “suicide was the tenth leading cause of death for all ages in 2013.”

But the issue isn’t constrained to the U.S. A study by the Equality and Human Rights Commission in 2015 found the rate of suicide of British males between the ages of 45 and 49 had risen a dramatic 40 percent in just seven years. Of retired males, or pensioners, the increase in rate of suicides was 10 percent.

Advertisment

Around the globe, according to the World Health Organization in 2015, suicide is now the third leading cause of death — representing an increase of 60 percent over the past 45 years.

On top of these striking statistics, a recent review of common antidepressants — selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) — found not only are they responsible for increased suicides, but pharmaceutical companies underreport those effects.

Those antidepressants, rather than necessarily aiding people, actually double the rate of suicide and aggressive behavior for adolescents and young people under the age of 18. Though the review evidenced the marked increase in that age group, it also found a “serious underestimation of the harms” by Big Pharma meaning older adults likely have increased risk of suicide, as well.

Lead author of the study from the Nordic Cochrane Center, Prof. Peter Gotzsche, explained:

“Antidepressants don’t work in children, that is pretty clear, in the randomized trials children say that they don’t work for them, but they increase their risk of suicide. “What I get out of this colossal under-reporting of suicides is that [antidepressants] likely increase suicides in all ages … it is absolutely horrendous that [pharmaceutical companies] have such disregard for human lives.”

The Nordic Cochrane Center carried out the review, which was analyzed by University College London (UCL). As the National Post reported, Dr. Tarang Sharma of the Nordic Cochrane Center stated, “The analysis suggests that clinical study reports, on which decisions about market authorization are based, are likely to underestimate the extent of drug-related harms.”

Those companies misrepresented patient symptoms and antidepressant effects in several ways. According to the Post, “More than half of the suicide attempts and suicidal thoughts had been misrecorded as emotional instability or worsening of depression. In summary trial reports from the drugs giant Eli Lilly, suicidal attempts were missing in 90 percent of cases.”

Even further, deaths by overdose of anti-anxiety drugs known as benzodiazepines — such as those marketed under the name brands Xanax and Valium — have quadrupled in the last two decades. This quadrupling occurred alongside a tripling in such prescriptions.

“We found that the death rate from overdoses involving benzodiazepines. also known as ‘benzos,’ has increased more than four-fold since 1996 — a public health problem that has gone under the radar,” said Dr. Marcus Bachhuber of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, as NBC News reported. “Overdoses from benzodiazepines have increased at a much faster rate than prescriptions for the drugs, indicating that people have been taking them in a riskier way over time.”

Though the specific causes for the distressing global uptick in suicides aren’t entirely clear, antidepressants and anti-anxiety medication don’t appear to be helping. In the meantime, Big Pharma reaps profit while carelessly tossing aside all human costs and ominously covering them up.

If you or someone you know is feeling suicidal please call 1 (800) 273-8255 and talk to a skilled, trained counselor at a crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89045,"Yemen — A top Yemeni investigative journalist who died under dubious circumstances — while investigating corruption by oil companies — was poisoned, an autopsy now reveals.

Mohammed al-Absi — “whose work explored the corrupt relations between powerful militias and prominent businessmen,” reports the New Arab — was having dinner in capital city, Sana’a, with a cousin in December when both had to be rushed to the hospital — and the prominent journalist ultimately died.

Post-mortem test results reveal that Mohammed Alabsi was poisoned

His final days was investigating Houthis & Saleh oil companies pic.twitter.com/HCE457LjWt — Baraa Shiban (@BShtwtr) February 5, 2017

Al-Absi’s sudden and inexplicable death fueled suspicions among friends and family, as well as from the Yemeni journalists’ union — which called for an investigation.

Advertisment

Some speculated al-Absi had suffered a heart attack or other acute condition, but — delaying a proper funeral for three weeks — samples were flown to Jordan for analysis and proved this week the journalist had been poisoned.

Both the Yemeni Journalists’ Syndicate and the International Federation of Journalists — which have joined forces to demand an official probe — issued a statement of mourning shortly after al-Absi’s untimely death, with IFJ President Philippe Leruth stating,

“We are troubled by the passing of Mohamed al-Absi in such unclear circumstances and support his family and the YJS in their demands for a serious and independent investigation in the case as well as an autopsy by a doctor representing the union to clarify the cause of his death.”

OilPrice.com reports, “Al-Absi was a prominent Yemeni investigative journalist said to have been investigating oil companies owned by Houthi leadership. He had published a series of reports over the past years, focused on corruption, particularly in the energy industry and in relation to arms deals.

“Human rights activists are responsible for the claims that Al-Absi was investigating oil and gas companies allegedly operating on the black market. Activists published several documents that were in the journalist’s possession after his death.”

According to the outlet, one of the documents published post mortem concerns Houthi spokesman Mohammed Abdul Salam, who allegedly owns an oil company primarily working the black market to sell in Houthi rebel-controlled areas of Yemen, while the New Arab says another surrounds Dagsan Mohammed Dagsan, an arms dealer.

Journalists have always faced stated and unstated threats of physical harm when investigating behind-the-curtain business dealings and political corruption — and the mysterious demise of al-Absi appears to be no exception.

“In a joint statement, advocates called upon the state prosecution to start a ‘transparent investigation’ saying that al-Absi played an ‘exceptional role against corruption,’” the New Arab reports.

A separate statement from the groups investigating the death — including his family, two local nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), the YJS, and Sana’a Center for Studies — emphasized they had “not received financial support from any party or political entity” to conduct the probe.

News al-Absi had been fatally poisoned comes amid incendiary tensions of the proxy war between Iran and Saudi Arabia over Yemen — and further bellicose posturing by the United States over the supposed threat of terrorism from Tehran.

Journalists reporting from conflict zones in the Middle East have been persecuted and even killed for their efforts — besides al-Absi, American journalist Serena Shim died in Turkey in 2014, under wholly suspicious conditions while investigating connections between various politicians and the Islamic State.

Although crucial details about the poisoning of al-Absi remain unknown, the fact he was covering corruption and the dealings of oil companies certainly lends potential motivation for murder.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103878,"Brooklyn, NY – After fatally shooting an innocent unarmed man in a dimly lit stairwell, NYPD Officer Peter Liang was convicted of manslaughter and official misconduct in February. Instead of administering CPR or requesting an ambulance for the dying father of two young girls, Liang bickered with his partner and whined about possibly losing his job.

Shortly after the jury convicted Liang of second-degree manslaughter and official misconduct, the NYPD fired him. Liang was the first NYPD cop convicted in an officer-involved shooting in at least a decade and was facing up to 15 years in prison. However, thanks to an infuriatingly corrupt system that grants special rights to its members, Peter Liang will not see a single day in jail.

On Tuesday, a Brooklyn judge ordered Liang to serve five years’ probation and complete 800 hours of community service, saying the Chinese American rookie cop never intended to shoot, let alone kill, Akai Gurley, according to the LA Times.

In spite of Liang intentionally and irresponsibly pulling the trigger, with the intention to shoot whoever was in front of him, Judge Danny Chun called the shooting an accident.

Advertisment

“Shooting that gun and killing someone was probably the last thing in his mind and probably never entered his mind at all,” Chun said. “This was not an intentional act…. There’s no evidence, either direct or circumstantial, that the defendant was aware of Akai Gurley’s presence.”

Naturally, Gurley’s family reacted with sheer sadness as the man responsible for taking their son, father, brother, and friend was told that he will not be held accountable for his actions.

On November 20, 2014, NYPD officers Peter Liang and Shaun Landau were conducting patrols on the upper floors of the Louis H. Pink housing project in Brooklyn even though Deputy Inspector Miguel Iglesias had ordered them not to conduct vertical patrols inside the building. Liang initially reported opening the door to the stairwell with the same hand holding his Glock .9mm pistol. Instead of opening the door with his right hand, which held his flashlight, Liang claimed he accidentally fired a shot that ricocheted off the wall and into Akai Gurley’s chest.

“They didn’t identify themselves,” recalled Gurley’s girlfriend, Melissa Butler. “No nothing. They didn’t give no explanation. They just pulled a gun and shot him in the chest.”

Standing on the floor below them, Gurley staggered down to the fifth floor where he collapsed. Melissa Butler ran to an apartment to ask for help and called 911. As the operator instructed Butler to administer first aid until the paramedics arrived, Liang and Landau remained in the stairwell texting their union rep instead of immediately calling in the shooting or requesting an ambulance.

“It was an accident,” Liang whimpered to his partner, entirely unconcerned about the life he just took. “I’m gonna get fired.”

Gurley was transported to Brookdale Hospital where he was pronounced dead. Officers Liang and Landau were taken to a separate hospital for treatment of tinnitus. Liang was placed on administrative duty following the incident.

“There was absolutely no threat to him, his partner or any resident,” stated Assistant District Attorney Mark Fliedner. “He mishandled his weapon, and as a result, Akai Gurley is dead.”

Last year, a grand jury indicted Liang on charges of second-degree manslaughter, criminally negligent homicide, second-degree assault, reckless endangerment, and two counts of official misconduct. During Liang’s trial, Fliedner told jurors, “Instead of doing all that he could to help Akai Gurley, he wasted precious time arguing with his partner about calling for help. In fact, instead of calling for help, he just stood there and whined and moaned about how he would get fired.”

Changing his original story, Liang stated that his finger was not on the trigger when he entered the stairwell. Instead, he now claims his finger was resting on the side of his gun before the shooting. In his defense, Liang testified, “I heard something on my left side… It startled me (then) the gun just went off.”

Akai Gurley did not deserve to die because the NYPD handed a badge and gun over to an incompetent coward. Peter Lang now becomes a member of the long list of killer NYPD cops whom the system has failed to effectively prosecute, including, Daniel Pantaleo, Paul Headley, Michael Carey, Marc Cooper, Gescard Isnora, Michael Oliver, Richard Neri Jr., Bryan Conroy, Edward McMellon, Sean Carroll, Kenneth Boss, Richard Murphy, etc.

“Akai had family that loved him just like Peter Liang, a mother just like Peter Liang,” Peterson, Gurley’s aunt, told The Times this month.

“But Liang’s mother can come visit him every day,” she said. “Akai Gurley’s mom … has to visit his grave.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89038,"London — Intrepid, distinguished journalist John Pilger, in conjunction with Dartmouth Films, exclusively interviewed Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to glean imperative points revealed in past and ongoing leaks of emails from the accounts of Hillary Clinton — a presidential candidate Assange says has been “eaten alive” by hubristic ambitions.

For all intents and purposes a political prisoner, ultimately of the United States, living in asylum inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, Assange spared no niceties in revelations provided by released documents:

“I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick,” as in the fainting episode during a 9/11 memorial, Assange told Pilger.

Nevertheless, “She represents a whole network of people and a network of relationships with particular states. The question is how does Hillary Clinton fit in this broader network? She’s a centralising cog. You’ve got a lot of different gears in operation from the big banks like Goldman Sachs and major elements of Wall Street, and Intelligence and people in the State Department and the Saudis.

“She’s the centraliser that inter-connects all these different cogs. She’s the smooth central representation of all that, and ‘all that’ is more or less what is in power now in the United States. It’s what we call the establishment or the DC consensus.”

When asked whether or not Trump will win the election, Assange responded by noting that Clinton can and will rig the election in her favor.

Advertisment

“My answer is that Trump would not be permitted to win.”

Although the United States government and any number of enraged politicians caught up in the fury of their own anti-Russian propaganda have claimed with increasingly shrill overtones Wikileaks is acting on behalf of the old Cold War foe, Assange rightly deems the accusation baseless nonsense.

Criticism, and the accusation of Russian ties, centers on Wikileaks publishing a voluminous quantity of documents concerning the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton, and her campaign chair, John Podesta — and none on Donald Trump, and critics have said, none concerning Russia.

But that argument falls flat, considering the publisher cannot release documents on Trump it doesn’t yet have — and further, Wikileaks has, in fact, published countless documents on Russia.

“We have published about 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia,” Assange intoned. “Most of those are critical; and a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. Our [Russia] documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases: refugee cases of people fleeing some kind of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up.”

But, the Obama administration, with plenty of assistance from the irreparably-damaged Clinton campaign, continue fruitless attempts to link Assange and Wikileaks to some murky Russian operation. Considering the utter lack of proof linking Russian actors to the leaks, a far more feasible motivation comprises Clinton’s and Obama’s desire to deflect from the gravity of the documents’ contents — and for good reason.

Assange explained:

“There’s an early 2014 email from Hillary Clinton, not so long after she left the State Department, to her campaign manager John Podesta that states ISIL is funded by the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Now this is the most significant email in the whole collection, and perhaps because Saudi and Qatari money is spread all over the Clinton Foundation. Even the U.S. government agrees that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIL, or ISIS. But the dodge has always been that, well it’s just some rogue Princes, using their cut of the oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves.

“But that email says that no, it is the governments of Saudi and Qatar that have been funding ISIS.”

That email certainly provided proof not only the Saudi and Qatari governments were actively funding the Islamic State, but the government of the United States apparently knew that for an extended time, while plowing ahead with billion-dollar arms and weapons sales to Saudi Arabia.

Pres. Obama has not been spared by Wikileaks, who makes a point on transparency by not filtering the information it publishes, as emails also revealed the same Big Banking mechanisms in which Clinton is an active cog also turn his administration’s gears.

“One of the more significant Podesta emails that we released was about how the Obama cabinet was formed and how half the Obama cabinet was basically nominated by a representative from CitiBank,” Assange noted. “This is quite amazing.”

Pilger then discussed the fact a list had been produced by Citibank of appointees to the future president’s cabinet it felt would be most appropriate, asking Assange, “So, Wall Street decides the cabinet of the President of the United States?”

“If you were following the Obama campaign back then, closely,” he responded, “you could see it had become very close to banking interests.”

Pilger concluded his interview with the needlessly-maligned founder of Wikileaks by asking about his current residence inside the Ecuadorian Embassy — noting points often mischaracterized or even blatantly ignored by the coporo-government media.

Assange has become a political refugee due to threats of extradition to the United States or Sweden for criminal prosecution; but there are several issues he called into focus.

“In Sweden I am not charged, I have already been previously cleared [by the Senior Stockholm Prosecutor Eva Finne]. We were not certain exactly what would happen there, but then we know that the Swedish government has refused to say that they will not extradite me to the United States we know they have extradited 100 per cent of people whom the U.S. has requested since at least 2000,” he explained. “So over the last fifteen years, every single person the U.S. has tried to extradite from Sweden has been extradited, and they refuse to provide a guarantee [that won’t happen].”

Additionally, although the United Nations has questioned the legality of Assange’s political imprisonment, calling the U.K., Sweden, and the U.S. to task for its witch hunt, the media also ignores his refugee status in favor of touting tired propaganda about Wikileaks.

“Here we have a case,” he continued, “the Swedish case, where I have never been charged with a crime, where I have already been cleared [by the Stockholm prosecutor] and found to be innocent, where the woman herself said that the police made it up, where the United Nations formally said the whole thing is illegal, where the State of Ecuador also investigated and found that I should be given asylum.”

While Clinton and Obama, politicians from each side of the duopoly, and corporate media presstitutes continue denigrating Julian Assange and Wikileaks, it would be impossible to ignore the persecution the U.S. has imposed on a person for doing the job of a journalist — exposing the inner workings of a government so rife with corruption it boggles anyone’s mind.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104164,Harvey Weinstein has now been accused of violating sex trafficking laws—similar to what Jeffrey Epstein was convicted of when he spent just 1 year in prison.,thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87944,"Wayne County, MI — A travesty of justice and an illustration of the lack of justice police officers face comes out of Wayne County Monday as a deputy escapes jail time for brutally attacking and trying to kill his wife.

Darrel Armour, a reserve deputy with Wayne County, was married to Latonya Pettway for only four months before he decided to hold her hostage and viciously attack her.

Pettway explains how she was watching an infant at her in-home daycare when Armour held her prisoner for three hours.

“I just wanted to leave; I was scared,” she said.

But she could not leave. Every time Pettway tried to escape she was assaulted and threatened with a pistol by Armour.

Advertisment

“He threw me down and my leg went back behind me while he was pushing the door closed so I couldn’t get out,” Pettway said describing how Armour broke her leg in three places.

As Pettway struggled for her life, Armour began to take final action to kill her, telling her that this will all be over soon.

“While he was sitting on my back, he put his hands over my mouth nose and I couldn’t breathe,” she said. “He used the other hand to use his cell phone and to call his kids. To tell them he was sorry and that he loved them.”

Armour was about to kill Pettway.

Fortunately, Pettway was able to get enough of her mouth free from Armour’s hand to scream for help and one of Armour’s daughters on the other end of the phone heard her cries.

Armour’s daughter immediately called the police who showed up just in time to stop one of their own from killing an innocent woman.

“He admitted he was holding me against my will for three hours,” she said.

According to My Fox Detroit,

Armour was arrested and charged with domestic violence and he pleaded guilty. But her sheer disappointment came when the judge sentenced her husband Monday afternoon to 12 months probation.

“Where is the justice,” Pettway said. “What would have happened. I could have been the same lady whose husband killed her and her kids. But I was one of the lucky ones.”

Pettway says she is now in constant fear of this monster returning to finish the job.

“I just want people to know that if they do report it, something has to happen besides a slap on the wrist,” Pettway said. “Twelve months probation is pretty much a waste of my time.”

To add insult to injury, Armour may or may not still be a cop. FOX 2 tried to reach out to Wayne County sheriff’s department on Monday and they could not confirm whether on not Armour has been fired.

Statistics show that 1 in 4 women in the US is a victim of domestic violence, those numbers jump to 1 in 2 if they are married to a cop.

“A big part of police culture is the code of silence, the prosecutors depend on police for their cases, the police depend on each other – it’s a very insulated system,” says Diane Wetendorf, author of Police Domestic Violence: Handbook for Victims,. Cops will all too often look the other way when it is “one of their own” facing accusations.

A study conducted by the Domestic Violence Task Force called Domestic Violence in the Los Angeles Police Department: How Well Does the Los Angeles Police Department Police Its Own? revealed that performance evaluations of cops with a history of domestic violence are largely unaffected. The study of the Los Angeles Police Department further examined the 91 cases in which an allegation of domestic violence was sustained against an officer.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96854,"

New York, NY — NYPD police have recently been showing how compassionate they are by taking photos of homeless people and publicly shaming them online. The activity is not only condoned by the department, but it is being sanctioned and encouraged by high-ranking officials at the NYPD.

The ironically named “Sergeants Benevolent Association” sent out an email this week, ordering both police officers and their families to take photos of homeless people in embarrassing situations so they can later be posted publicly.

“As you travel about the city of New York, please utilize your smartphones to photograph the homeless lying in our streets, aggressive panhandlers, people urinating in public or engaging in open-air drug activity, and quality-of-life offenses of every type,” SBA President Ed Mullins said in the email.

The letter went on to criticize the fact that police are being filmed more and more recently and suggested that it is now time to turn the cameras back on the public.

Advertisment

“Shouldn’t accountability go both ways? We, the ‘Good Guys,’ are sworn to protect our citizens. Shouldn’t our public officials be held to the same standard?” the email read.

According to the email, the photos are intended to motivate politicians to “do something about the homeless problem,” but what they actually want to be done is unclear. Do they want laws that outright ban homelessness? Or just more power, in general, to use against the population?

The email cites examples of public urination and drug use, but these are activities that police are already arresting people for, so it seems that they may be pushing for more strict and specific laws against homelessness.

The letter railed against “failed policies, more homeless encampments on city streets, a 10 percent increase in homicides, and the diminishing of our hard-earned and well-deserved public perception of the safest large city in America…. Attempts to pass self-promoting agendas are not the answer to building relationships with communities who don’t trust the police. It only serves to lie to people who are trying to live life and share in a piece of the American Dream.”

One of the “failed policies” that Mullins was critical of was the recently proposed “Right to Know Act,” which would require cops to get permission from a suspect before conducting a search without probable cause for arrest.

Sadly, this sick NYPD homework assignment was even praised by the NYPost, who also seemed to have no compassion for the homeless population of New York City.

The police are now collecting all of the photos in a public Flikr album.

Below are some of the photos uploaded to their album. After looking through their photos, the only one deserving to be publicly shamed in this situation, is the NYPD.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter-culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work, he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55439,"Texarkana, Texas – In what has become an all too common occurrence, a mentally ill man, Dennis Grigsby, 35, was killed by Texarkana police after responding to a burglary call.

Officer Brent Lawing responded to a 9-1-1 call about a burglary shortly after 2:00 a.m. and found Grigsby in a “dimly lit” garage on the property.

Police allege that Grigsby was holding a “metal object,” and approached the officer “aggressively.” The officer claims that he commanded Grigsby to stop, but Grigsby ignored his commands, forcing the officer to fire one shot into his chest, killing him.

The Grigsby family lives across the street from where the burglary call and killing took place.

The mother of Grigsby, Evelyn Grigsby, went on record that her son suffered from “mental illness,” according to News West 9.

Advertisment

She went on to say,

“They just told me that they shot him in his chest. They said they couldn’t tell me anything else. I’m just sick. I just can’t believe this,” adding, “My son wouldn’t hurt nobody, he ain’t had no guns or nothing.”

Grigsby’s stepfather, R. Robinson, added that Grigsby,

“Didn’t pose a danger to nobody… he just wanted help and we couldn’t help him.”

Police allege that the officer feared for his safety stating, “It appeared the suspect was holding an item, with the bowl of the spoon in his palm and the shank of the spoon coming out from the bottom of his hand like someone would hold a knife,” according to Sergeant Aaron Brower with the Texarkana, Texas Police Department.

Judging by the number of recent cases in the news where police end up killing mentally ill people, it seems that officers have little training or understanding of how to deal with people mental illness.

Just last month we reported on a case where a mom called the cops to take her son to a mental health facility, police responded and shortly after arriving on scene shot and killed her son.

Then there was the recent case of a Utah man that called a suicide prevention hotline for help, police responded with a SWAT team, eventually killing the man.

These cases, in addition to the tragic case of Kelly Thomas, who begged for his life as he was beat to death by officers, highlight how inept, or possibly callous, police are in dealing with those suffering from mental illness.

Thankfully people are beginning to wake up to the harsh reality of an out of control law enforcement apparatus that is rarely held accountable for their actions under the color of law.

By sharing stories like this, as tragic as they are, people can begin to take back control of our system, and hold those that would abuse the public trust, accountable for their actions.

Contrary to the belief of some in law enforcement, a badge does not grant a license to kill. Americans will no longer stand idly by and allow the victimization of our communities at the hands of those entrusted to enforce the law.

Officer Lawing has been placed on administrative leave, while Texas Rangers are investigating the case.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89872,"The governor of Missouri activated the National Guard on Monday ahead of what could be a new wave of mass protests, but doesn’t seem certain at all about who will be in charge of law enforcement operations in the coming days.

RT.com

Gov. Jay Nixon’s decision to call up the Guard and declare a state of emergency raised questioned on Monday about what authorities are anticipating will happen when a federal grand jury will decide — likely within days — whether or not to indict Ferguson, MO police officer Darren Wilson on charges related to the August shooting death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black teen.

Nixon was largely unable to provide answers during a telephone press conference that occurred with reporters later that day, though. Audio of that teleconference captured by Guardian journalist Jon Swaine is now causing concerns to mount further as reporters realize that the governor might have less of a grasp on the situation in Ferguson than many would like to believe.

Advertisment

The audio, published on the internet by Swaine late Monday, shows Nixon struggling to answer a question posed by Huffington Post’s Matt Sledge: “Does the buck ultimately stop with you when it comes to how any protests are policed?”

“Um, we’re, um, I, you know, it, uh, our goal here is to, you know, keep the peace, and allow all voices to, uh, to be heard,” Nixon replies with a rambling, 14-second-long attempt at a response.

“I don’t spend a tremendous amount of time personalizing this,” Nixon says later, adding, “I’d prefer not to be a commentator on it.”

Nearly two minutes after Sledge first asked Nixon to explain who will be in charge of maintaining the peace at any potential protests, he rephrased his question and attempted again to get an answer.

“Is there any one official or agency ultimately in charge here in terms of response?” Sledge wondered.

Again, Nixon is heard on tape meandering between words while failing to actually explain who will ultimately be tasked with responding to any civil unrest in Ferguson or elsewhere in the coming days — be it the National Guard, local police forces, county sheriffs or whomever — this time trailing off at moments for seconds at a time as he struggles to provide an explanation.

“Well, I mean, it uh, clearly [silence] I feel good about the… we worked hard to establish unified command, to outline our responsibilities now with the additional assets provided by my order today of the Missouri National Guard we have worked through, uh, a number of, uh, operational issues the folks have and, uh, I’ll only say, uh, our efforts today are on top of a lot of last hundred days to make sure we’re prepared for any contingency.”

Nixon’s reply without a doubt was ripe with uncertainty, which rightfully causes concern ahead of what may be mass protests of a caliber previously unseen in Missouri. Demonstrations waged for days in Ferguson for days, then weeks, after Brown was shot and killed by Wilson more than three months ago. Now as the city braces itself to hear whether or not Wilson will be charged with that shooting death, officials are expecting the worst, to say the least: not only has Nixon asked the National Guard for assistance during the coming days, but a warning to law enforcement agencies across the country from the FBI on Monday revealed that the bureau believes the grand jury’s impending decision “will likely” lead to attacks against the police.

Republished with Permission from Russia Today",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88638,"Oklahoma City, OK — Last month, Oklahoma lawmakers came to their partial senses and legalized cannabis oil as a means of medication.

HB 2154 or “Katie’s Bill,” named after Katie Dodson, was ceremonially signed into to law yesterday by Governor Mary Fallin on Katie’s 11th birthday.

Despite being a staunch advocate against legalizing this part of nature, Governor Fallin finally caved to the pressure and allowed for the legalization of cannabis oil only.

Her daily doses of potent pharmaceuticals had put Katie in a daze. She began to regress and barely spoke, according to her family.

Advertisment

However, all that changed in May when Katie began taking the now legal CBD oil.

“She is talking more and she is talking in complete sentences, her reaction time is much quicker,” said Kelli Dodson, Katie’s mother.

According to News 9 Oklahoma, Kelli says other pieces are also fitting into place. Katie immediately started sleeping through the night. And she hasn’t had a seizure for over a month.

Katie’s friend, Robert Boren also suffered from debilitating seizures. Together, their families have been pushing for the legalization of CBD oil and it has finally paid off.

Robert also started taking the oil immediately after it became legal and he hasn’t had a seizure since. According to News 9, his recent checkup revealed a totally clear EEG. He is also off all other medications.

Both families couldn’t be happier and explained that the results from this amazing plant are all they hoped for and more. They said that this plant has not only saved the lives of their children, but changed all of their lives too.

“Yesterday morning, I was making breakfast for her and she said ‘Mommy, come here,’ and I came over to the kitchen and she said ‘Mommy, had anyone ever told you what a wonderful mommy you are?’ and I will remember that moment and cherish it for the rest of my life,” said Kelli.

It is important to note that all children do not respond the same to the same type of CBD oil as there are many different forms of epilepsy. There are more than 42 types of THC and CBD that assist with other forms of epilepsy and diseases.

However, denying sick children and adults the potential to treat themselves is criminal and states like Oklahoma are finally realizing the sick nature of prohibition.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38852,"Manhattan, NY — In 2007, more than a dozen of the world’s largest banks colluded to deliberately depress the rate at which they paid out on investments. This rate is known as the London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor), which is the average of interest rates estimated by each of the leading banks in London that it would be charged were it to borrow from other banks.

Financial institutions, mortgage lenders, and credit card agencies around the world, set their own rates relative to it, and at least $$350 trillion in derivatives and other financial products are tied to the Libor. These mega banks suppressed Libor, during the beginning of the collapse, to boost earnings and make their bottom lines appear healthier.

This banking conspiracy to rig Libor was one of the key factors in bringing about the financial collapse of 2008. The scandal was so large, in fact, that it nearly bankrupt the planet.

Advertisment

After the dust had cleared, multiple investors launched lawsuits against these megabanks. However, in March of 2013, U.S. District Judge Naomi Reice Buchwald dismissed much, though not all, of this class action lawsuit directed at the banks.

Buchwald argued in favor of the banks, saying that since the LIBOR-setting process was never meant to be competitive, the suppression of that process was not anti-competitive.

This ruling was a huge win for the banks. However, a new ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit has overturned that win.

“Appellants sustained their burden of showing injury by alleging that they paid artificially fixed higher prices,” Circuit Judge Dennis Jacobs wrote for a three-judge appeals court panel.

The revived antitrust lawsuit, according to the appeals court, could be devastating to these 16 banks, including Deutsche Bank AG, Royal Bank of Canada, Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, UBS AG, HSBC Holdings Plc, Barclays Plc, Credit Suisse Group AG, Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc., and JPMorgan Chase & Co.

“Requiring the banks to pay treble damages to every plaintiff who ended up on the wrong side of an independent Libor‐denominated derivative swap would, if appellants’ allegations were proved at trial, not only bankrupt 16 of the world’s most important financial institutions, but also vastly extend the potential scope of antitrust liability in myriad markets where derivative instruments have proliferated,” the U.S. Court of Appeals in New York said in the ruling.

As the Free Thought Project has previously reported, these megabanks have been caught over and over rigging the market, and none of them are ever held criminally liable. They simply pay a fine, aka bribe, to the United States government, and continue business as usual.

This time, however, it is not the government waging the lawsuit; it is private individuals. The sheer number of monetary assets tied to the plaintiffs in this case could deal a devastating blow to these unscrupulous bankers, and there is potential, as the appeals court stated, to bring these criminals to their knees.

Michael A. Carrier, a professor at Rutgers Law School in Camden, New Jersey, said the ruling was “extremely important” because of the threat to the banks, according to Bloomberg.

However, as Carrier states, “this is far from a home run for the plaintiffs. But it does allow them to go forward with the case.”

Regardless of the outcome of this case, it will only serve to open the eyes of those who remain oblivious to the ruling class and money changers. Through the issuance of cheap money, at the expense of taxpayers, the banking system has facilitated a full-time warfare state — all the while making risky and irresponsible decisions that threaten the people’s life savings.

As Ron Paul put it, “It is no coincidence that the century of total war coincided with the century of central banking.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87833,"For three years, the Nigeria-based Boko Haram terrorist group, which has aligned itself with ISIS, has carried out murderous attacks in neighboring Cameroon. The advertised purpose of that onslaught, in which more than 1,100 people have been killed, is to turn the country into an “Islamic state.” Five people were murdered in the most recent attack, a suicide bombing at a mosque in Neguetchewe.

Rather than seeing the country’s Muslim minority as a fifth column, many within its Christian population — led by prominent clerics, such as Joseph Klofou of the Protestant Church of Cameroon – have volunteered to guard mosques so that Muslims can worship in peace. Muslims have reciprocated that gesture by standing guard outside Christian houses of worship.

“I feel frustrated seeing my brothers and sisters dying,” explained Klofou. “I must act while praying to God to send his angels and warriors to fight Boko Haram because He is the merciful God of armies.”

Advertisment

Referring to Boko haram as “a group of bad people,” Djafarou Alamine of Cameroon’s central mosques declared that “Islam condemns all that they have been doing to both Christians and Muslims who are all God’s creatures even though they have religious differences.”

This inter-faith cooperation is not unusual in Cameroon, contends Midjiyawa Bakari, governor of the country’s Far North region.

“Cameroon is a country where priests and imams both go to churches and mosques to preach and pray during ecumenical services,” reported AllAfrica.com. “It is a treasure to keep.”

Although the inter-communal self-defense project has been applauded by government officials, it is an entirely private initiative in which neighbors of different religious backgrounds organize to protect each other without the state’s involvement. All of this offers a striking and instructive contrast to the conditions that prevailed in Rwanda that led to the genocidal massacres that descended on that nation twenty-two years ago. Up to 1.1 million people were annihilated by government-backed death squads over the course of roughly one hundred days. Most of the victims were part of the Tutsi ethnic group while the government was in the hands of people identified as Hutus.

Rwanda is a country in which ninety percent of the population, at the beginning of the 1990s, identified as Christians. Unfortunately, as Timothy Longman of Vassar College points out, during the late 19th and early 20th Centuries colonial administrators had created a political system in which the churches were treated as adjuncts to the government – and all positions of public influence were defined by a racial caste system. Rwandans considered to have more “European” features were labeled “Tutsis,” and given access to power. Those with what the colonialists regarded as less desirable physical traits were called “Hutus” and saw their once-autonomous tribal leadership abolished – relegating them to second-class status. This led to decades of intermittent ethnic warfare, which in turn entrenched the politics of ethnic collectivism in Rwandan society – including the Christian churches.

“The leaders of the Catholic, Anglican, Presbyterian, and Baptist churches were all close associates” of Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimama, and many had key positions in his “Hutu Power” government, Longman points out. In 1993, the Hutu Power regime organized a plan to massacre Rwandan Tutsis and Hutus who were seen as traitors. Weapons were cached, and death squads quietly made preparations. In December 1993, Lt. Gen. Romeo Dallaire, the Canadian officer commanding a UN peacekeeping mission to Rwanda, learned of the impending slaughter from a defector but was forbidden to intervene to prevent it. The massacres begin in April following the death of President Habyarimana in a suspicious plane crash.

When the death squads began their rampage, terrified Tutsis sought sanctuary in churches – only to find no refuge.

Church leaders in Rwanda “helped make genocide possible by making ethnic violence understandable and acceptable to the population,” Longman writes. This was “not simply because church leaders hoped to avoid opposing their governmental allies but because ethnic conflict was itself an integral part of Christianity in Rwanda. Christians could kill without obvious qualms of conscience, even in the church, because Christianity as they had always known it had been a religion defined by struggles for power, and ethnicity had always been at the base of those struggles.” (Emphasis added.)

This was why machete-wielding death squads “attended mass before going out to kill,” or, if the victims had been cattle-penned in a church, the killers would pause “during the massacres to pray at the altar.” Like the Aztec priests who personally slaughtered an estimated 30,000 victims during the 1487 dedication of a temple to Huitzilopochtli, the devout murderers in Rwanda “felt their work was consistent with church teachings.”

Acting as palace prophets on behalf of the political elite, Rwanda’s churches made the slaughter “morally permissible,” Longman continues. Some individual congregants and clergy “took courageous stands, even risking their lives to save those threatened, but the majority of people in the churches gave tacit or even open support to the genocide. Church officials lent credibility to those organizing the genocide by calling on their members to support the new government.”

With churches being used as slaughter pens, Christian Tutsis were offered sanctuary in mosques.

Jean-Pierre Sagahutu, a Tutsi who saw his father and nine members of his family butchered by fellow Christians, was offered refuge by a Hutu Muslim family.

“I know people in America think Muslims are terrorists, but for Rwandans they were our freedom fighters during the genocide,” Sagahutu told a Washington Post reporter in 2002. “If it weren’t for the Muslims, my whole family would be dead,” agrees Aisha Umwimbabazi, who was struck by the fact that mosques, unlike churches, rejected the state-defined ethnic categories and social divisions.

Rwanda’s Hutu Muslims refused to allow the government to depict their neighbors as their enemies. As the late historian and human rights activist Dr. Alison Des Forges documented in her book Leave None to Tell the Story, what happened in Rwanda was not “an uncontrollable outburst of rage by a people consumed by `ancient tribal hatreds,’” but rather the result of “the deliberate choice of a modern elite to foster hatred and fear to keep itself in power.”

At a time when many governments are fostering collectivist hatred and fear, officials in Cameroon are to be commended for encouraging citizens to regard each other as neighbors and cooperate to protect each other. Regrettably, albeit predictably, while Cameroon’s population is uniting to defend the country from terrorism, the national government’s cross-border military operations against Boko Haram may be exacerbating that threat by killing civilians and laying waste to entire villages.

Terrorism is a plague cultivated, nurtured, aggravated, and exploited by political elites working through the state, which is why the state cannot protect us from it.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95939,"“I can’t take it no more, I’m sorry.”

John Vibes

May 28, 2014

In 2012, a 50 year old mentally ill prison inmate named Darren Rainey was killed by guards in a Florida prison when they held him under a scalding hot shower.

“I can’t take it no more, I’m sorry. I won’t do it again,’’ he screamed over and over, according to a grievance complaint from a fellow inmate.

When guards finally checked on prisoner 060954, he was on his back and dead. His skin was so burned that it had shriveled from his body, a condition referred to as slippage, according to a medical document involving the death.

Advertisment

According to reports this was the man’s punishment for defecating in his cell. The guards have never seen any sort of consequences for their actions and the prison has done their best to cover up the murder.

After two years there has still been no autopsy or official explanation for his death, and the authorities have been claiming that the man died of a heart attack.

“Two years is a very long time to wait to find out why your brother was found dead in a shower,” said Rainey’s brother, Andre Chapman.

The incident only came to light because other inmates who witnessed the murder actually risked their own lives to get the story out.

This prison has been in the news numerous times in recent years for extreme cases of prisoner abuse.

According to local sources, 40 year old Richard Mair hung himself from an air conditioning vent and left a suicide note claiming that he and other prisoners were sexually and physically abused by guards on numerous different occasions.

Just this week it was reported that 36 year old inmate Damion Foster died after a fight with prison guards in the mental-health unit, according to the Miami Herald.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
39849,"Bridgeport, CT — Officer Clive Higgins of the Bridgeport police department,was indicted in August for stomping a subdued man’s head and neck during an arrest. Higgins was accused of using unreasonable force during the course of Orlando Lopez-Soto’s arrest on May 20, 2011, in Beardley Park.

Higgins, 49, was found not guilty Wednesday by a federal jury.

“We respect the jury’s verdict and the criminal justice process,” the U.S. Attorney’s office said in a statement. “Our office will continue to prioritize civil rights investigations. We thank the FBI and the prosecutors for their hard work on this case.”

Advertisment

When Higgins was first indicted in August, the US Attorney’s office put out this statement, “The use of unreasonable force during an arrest is not only a clear violation of an individual’s civil rights, but also gravely undermines the community’s trust in law enforcement.”

Video of the incident surfaced nearly a year after the arrest which is when the family of Lopez-Soto filed a lawsuit against the department. With the compelling video showing three officers brutalizing an incapacitated Lopez-Soto, the city agreed to pay out $$198,000.

In November of 2013, a $$10 million federal lawsuit was filed against the department claiming that the problem of brutality within the Bridgeport police department is systemic and police officials closed their eyes to a rampage by three rogue officers allowing them to leave a nearly two-year trail of abuse and brutality.

In the video, the two officers, Elson Morales and Joseph Lawlor, can be seen kicking the victim repeatedly while he is on the ground. Higgins then arrives in his cruiser, gets out and appears to stomp the downed suspect around the head and neck.

Morales and Lawlor pleaded guilty in June to misdemeanor civil rights charges stemming from the assault. As part of the plea deal, they agreed to resign from the police force.

From what we can see in the video, the actions of Higgins differ very little from those of Morales and Lawlor. It seems as if Higgins’ actions were more sadistic, as Lopez-Soto was obviously no threat by the time Morales and Lawlor issued their beatings. This makes the force applied by Higgins after his arrival even more unreasonable.

“I have no comment on today’s decision. But ultimately, it has no bearing on actions being taken by the Bridgeport Police Department,” police Chief Joseph L. Gaudett Jr. said in a statement.

“Officer Higgins remains on administrative leave from the department. Disciplinary charges have been filed against him, and there is more than one case pending. Now that federal criminal proceedings have concluded, I encourage the Bridgeport Police Commission to continue its efforts to promptly conclude these proceedings against Officer Higgins.”

After watching the video, what do you think? Were the actions of Higgins justified and reasonable considering the situation? What could the defense have said that made a jury think otherwise?

Let us know in the comments below.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
56497,"By MICHAEL WARREN and NATACHA PISARENKO

Argentine farmworker Fabian Tomasi wasn’t trained to use protective gear as he pumped pesticides into crop dusters. Now at 47, he’s a living skeleton.

Schoolteacher Andrea Druetta lives in a town where it’s illegal to spray agrochemicals within 550 yards of homes, and yet soy is planted just 33 yards from her back door. Recently, her boys were showered in chemicals while swimming in their backyard pool.

Sofia Gatica’s search for answers after losing her newborn to kidney failure led to Argentina’s first criminal convictions for illegal spraying last year. But 80 percent of her neighbors’ children surveyed carry pesticides in their blood.

Advertisment

American biotechnology has turned Argentina into the world’s third-largest soy producer, but the chemicals powering the boom aren’t confined to soy and cotton and corn fields. The Associated Press documented dozens of cases where these poisons are used in ways specifically banned by existing law.



Now doctors are warning that uncontrolled pesticide use could be the cause of growing health problems among the 12 million people who live in the nation’s vast farm belt.

In Santa Fe province, the heart of Argentina’s soy industry, cancer rates are two times to four times higher than the national average. In Chaco, the nation’s poorest province, children became four times more likely to be born with devastating birth defects in the decade since biotechnology dramatically expanded industrial agriculture.

“The change in how agriculture is produced has brought, frankly, a change in the profile of diseases,” said Dr. Medardo Avila Vazquez, a pediatrician who co-founded Doctors of Fumigated Towns. “We’ve gone from a pretty healthy population to one with a high rate of cancer, birth defects, and illnesses seldom seen before.”

Once known for its grass-fed beef, Argentina has undergone a remarkable transformation since 1996, when the St. Louis-based Monsanto Co. marketed a promising new model of higher crop yields and fewer pesticides through its patented seeds and chemicals.

Today, all of Argentina’s soy and nearly all its corn, wheat and cotton are genetically modified. Soy farming tripled to 47 million acres, and just like in the United States, cattle are now fattened in feedlots on corn and soy.

But as weeds and insects became resistant, farmers increased the chemical burden ninefold, from 9 million gallons in 1990 to more than 84 million gallons today. Overall, Argentine farmers apply an estimated 4.3 pounds of agrochemical concentrate per acre, more than twice what U.S. farmers use, according to an AP analysis of government and pesticide industry data.

In response to soaring complaints, President Cristina Fernandez ordered a commission in 2009 to study the impact of agrochemical spraying on human health. Its initial report called for “systematic controls over concentrations of herbicides and their compounds . . . such as exhaustive laboratory and field studies involving formulations containing glyphosate as well as its interactions with other agrochemicals as they are actually used in our country.”

Read Full Report Here",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55680,"A scientific study on the legitimacy of a training drill called the “21-Foot-Rule” has revealed that a practice police department across the country have used for decades is “responsible for thousands of unnecessary deaths.”

The investigation conducted by NBC Bay Area looked into how many deaths have resulted from the current policies regulating how officers are taught to deal with citizens who appear to be wielding knives.

The “21-Foot-Rule” was created in the 1980s and based on the belief that an individual holding a knife, or another sharp object, could cover 21 feet of ground in the same time it takes a police officer to draw and fire a holstered weapon. But while the so-called rule became common policy, it had never been scientifically tested.

Advertisment

After reviewing hundreds of cases in which police encountered suspects with knives or sharp weapons, UC Berkeley Law School Professor, Dr. Zimring, came to the conclusion that “the 21-Foot-Rule exists only as an urban legend.”

“The threat that the police officer faces (when a suspect has an edged weapon) is not a threat to the police officer’s life,” Zimring told NBC, noting that according to his research, the number of cases in which “somebody with a visible weapon charging at a police officer [and] actually killing the police officer in the United States was zero.”

Criminologist and former police officer, Dr. Ron Martinelli, told NBC that after running hundreds of drills and testing a variety of officer skill sets over the last year, he also came to the conclusion that the “21-Foot-Rule” was much more of a “myth” than an actual rule.

“It is. And I wrote about that and that was my theory over a year ago,” Martinelli said. “As long as the research is practically based, then we can take those numbers and we can put context to it and turn it into good training methodology. That’s the type of research that we need to have with law enforcement in the United States.”

Martinelli argued that in addition to removing the “21-Foot-Rule” from all officer training, police officers should instead be trained to “slow down, create distance and find cover” when dealing with suspects they believe are armed.

“We need to constantly retrain officers on field craft such as this,” Martinelli said. “Teach them how not to get so captured by the moment. You don’t always have to make an arrest you don’t always have to put your hands on people. If we can teach officers new skills by this research…we can save some lives.”

According to the investigation, although FBI statistics show that there is an average of around 56,000 reported assaults on police officers each year, “the numbers show that fatal knife attacks in which suspects charge police from a distance of 20 feet or more, just do not happen.” In fact, over the last 10 years, only two police officers have been killed by knife attacks, and both cases were in close quarters.

As the Free Thought Project has reported, there have been multiple instances where police officers opened fire on an individual from afar, after they apparently mistook a man holding a wallet or a man holding a cellphone for a man with a dangerous weapon.

Under the “21-Foot-Rule,” those shootings are justified. However, the idea that police officers are being trained to shoot a suspect from up to 21 feet away based on the belief that they think the suspect may be holding a knife or a sharp object is absurd, and the fact that police departments across the country have used a method for decades that has no scientific research behind it, results in the opposite of “protecting and serving” the public.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103051,"Russia is no angel when it comes to their worldly affairs and the rights of its citizens, but at least they aren’t drone bombing children, invading countries and overthrowing their democratically elected leaders, arming terrorists, or pursuing a foreign policy that is likely to end in a nuclear holocaust — like the United States.

However, in one epic tweet by the Russian embassy in the United Arab Emirates, they were able to expose the convoluted game being played by the United States in Syria. The U.S. has no legitimate standing under international law to be militarily assisting an armed revolution against a state’s elected leader. The arming of so-called “moderate rebel” groups, which are fighting against the sovereign government of Syria, reveals an imperialistic drive by the U.S. across the globe.

Advertisment

In this strategic geopolitical game, “moderate rebels” are simply the name given to the U.S. backed insurgents who fight side by side with al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. The end goal of U.S. strategy has obviously become more important than the means used to achieve those goals.

An example of the ends justifying the means is revealed in former key US men in Syria, “Free Syrian Army” (FSA) Col. Abdel Jabbar al-Okaidi, who operated mostly in the Greater Aleppo area. He was open about his daily communication and collaboration with extremist jihadists from the “Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham” (ISIS) and al-Qaeda’s official branch in Syria, Jabhat al-Nusra.

He refers to their fighters as brothers. In video footage after the rebel capture of Menagh military airbase, he even appeared standing next to an Egyptian jihadist from ISIS, Abu Jandal, while thanking him and his group for their contributions. The U.S. is known to have funneled military aid to al-Okaidi and others in the FSA throughout the last couple of years.

The “War on Terror” rhetoric the U.S. government engages in is simply a propaganda war. In truth, the “Free Syrian Army” was from the beginning simply a brand created by Western and Gulf governments. Col. Okaidi and men like him were marketed as the “face” of the Syrian opposition, but in reality were nothing but conduits of covert financial and military support for more effective fighting forces like ISIS and al-Nusra Front.

Support for terrorist groups is actually a focal point of U.S. foreign policy, which has historically been utilized by the U.S. as a means of destabilizing chosen states across the globe, with the intent of regime change.

Like most U.S. related/sponsored terror, the origins of ISIS, which are directly attributable to the United States, have rarely been reported on truthfully by American media. In this insightful video below, Ben Swann’s Truth in Media takes on the central issue of whether or not ISIS was created by “inaction” by the United States government or by “direct” action.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, AlterNet, InfoWars, MintPressNews and maany other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103330,"Ironically, Grimmich was the supervisor of a narcotics unit, and was responsible for arresting people who sold and used drugs.

Police Sgt. William Grimmich of Sebastian, Florida was recently arrested for stealing oxycodone from an evidence room at the department and selling it back onto the street. The 45-year-old police officer was a 25-year veteran of the department, and is currently being held in jail waiting to post a $$150,000 bail.

According to a press release published by the police department, an internal audit revealed that large amounts of oxycodone was missing from the evidence room. The statement did not reveal how Grimmich was implicated in the theft, or what specific evidence the department has against him.

Police department spokesman Steve Marcinik said that the situation was “shocking information to us, we had no hint. It caught us off guard.”

Advertisment

“Our ultimate goal is to determine exactly what occurred, who was responsible and whether this was the result of an incompetent work performance or malicious criminal behavior. I will not tolerate any misconduct of this nature,” said Police Chief Michelle Morris.

Ironically, Grimmich was the supervisor of a narcotics unit, and was responsible for arresting people who sold and used drugs. He has currently been put on suspension as a result of the investigation, and if convicted Police Chief Morris said that Grimmich would be fired.

Grimmich is facing two felony charges, one for drug trafficking and another for tampering with evidence. However, the police department still has the option to not follow through with pressing charges against Grimmich, which happens often in situations like this.

Sadly this is yet another example of the war on drugs creating an incentive for corruption.

John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96350,"Muskogee, OK — Last week, an innocent 84-year-old grandma was attacked by police, pepper sprayed, arrested, and hospitalized after officers chased her son during a traffic stop. On Friday, the graphic body camera video of that attack was released showing the horrid and outright insane response to her son rolling a stop sign.

Police were after the victim’s son, who they say refused to stop and ran into her home instead. When officers showed up, according to Smith and the body camera video, they kicked in her door and as she got up to see who was there — she was met with a face full of chemical agent.

“Turn around or I’ll spray you!” screams the cop just before dousing this innocent elderly woman in the face with the painful spray. Smith then falls to the ground in agony.

The body cam footage then shows police shoot her son with a taser because they said he refused to come out. With his hands in the air and walking toward police, Smith’s son was tased and fell to the ground.

All of this over a stop sign.

Advertisment

According to Smith, after police pepper sprayed her for no reason, they arrested her, dragged her to the police car and brought her to jail. Clearly stressed over being kidnapped and thrown in a cell, this 84-year-old grandma began to have a panic attack. She was then rushed to the hospital.

The Muskogee police department says they released the body camera footage to maintain public trust in an exhibit of transparency. While it’s certainly noteworthy to release the footage, the last thing this video does is maintain public trust in police.

When watching the horrifying video below, ask yourself if you think these cops would treat their own grandma this way. Ms. Smith had committed no crime and posed no danger to these officers, but she was still attacked and her life put at risk.

It was unclear as to what police charged the woman with, however, it is likely the standard ‘resisting, interfering, or obstructing.’

Smith now plans to take legal action against the department for her assault and the taxpayers, not police, will be held liable for this disturbing behavior.

Cops attacking elderly people is an unfortunate yet all too common problem.

Earlier this year, two LAPD officers were named in a lawsuit filed by an innocent 62-year-old woman. No longer able to place her trust in police officers after becoming a victim of excessive force, the traumatized woman has become fearful of interacting with people.

Early on the morning of April 14, a surveillance video captured two LAPD cops in a marked SUV slowly following 62-year-old Ok Jin Jun’s car into a Koreatown church parking lot. According to CBSNews, Jun admitted to honking her car horn about six times because the police vehicle had been blocking the church driveway.

After parking her car, Jun was immediately confronted by the two officers and ordered to show her registration despite the fact that she had not committed a crime. Confused and unable to speak much English, Jun attempted to call her husband and a 911 interpreter from her cell phone.

Suddenly, one of the officers appeared to grab Jun’s arms for no reason before both cops abruptly shoved the elderly woman against her own car. Although Jun did not pose an immediate threat, the officers slammed her onto the pavement before placing her in handcuffs.

Before Jun, there was Tyrone Carnegay, an innocent Atlanta man who spent multiple days handcuffed to a hospital bed with a broken leg and a severed artery after an Atlanta cop falsely accused him of stealing a tomato that he actually bought.

Carnegay spent then spent three days in jail before the charges were finally dropped. The interaction was all caught on a Walmart security camera.



As the incidents above illustrate, being innocent and elderly is no defense from police. The old apologist saying of “if you don’t want to be attacked by police, don’t break the law,” rings hollow to those in the destructive wake of police brutality.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50528,"Philadelphia, PA — Two Philly cops have been charged with the assault of a man after surveillance footage revealed the officers lied about the incident.

The laundry list of charges that Officers Kevin Robinson and Sean McKnight are facing is lengthy:

Aggravated Assault, Simple Assault, Criminal Conspiracy, Recklessly Endangering Another Person, Tampering with Public Records or Information, False Reports to Law Enforcement Authorities, Obstructing Administration of Law, and Official Oppression.

The charges stem from an incident that happened in May of 2013 when the two officers pulled over 23-year-old Najee Rivera on his motor scooter.

Police say Rivera got scared of the officers and drove off. Both of the officers wrote in their official reports that Rivera fell off of his scooter and hit the pavement.

Advertisment

According to the officers’ account, Rivera resisted arrest, tried to grab a police baton, and that’s when one of the officers hit him in the face. Rivera was subsequently charged with resisting arrest and aggravated assault.

Their entire account of what happened was a lie.

Just prior to the case going to court, a surveillance video surfaced from a nearby store. Rivera’s girlfriend, who knew Rivera was innocent of the charges, finally found the video after a long search.

“The video undermined every aspect of the officers’ account of the incident. A grand jury found none of it was true except for the blows inflicted on Najee Rivera,” Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said in a press conference Thursday.

According to WPVI,

Williams said Rivera didn’t just fall off his scooter, but one of the officers can be seen on the video reaching out the window of the patrol car and clubbing Rivera in the head. The patrol car, without sirens or lights flashing, bumped the scooter and Rivera fell to the ground. Both officers got out of the vehicle, Williams said, and repeatedly struck Rivera with their fists and baton.

“He never resisted. He never struck them. He never fought back. They just started hitting him,” Williams said.

Rivera can be heard in the video screaming for help. After he was severely beaten and bleeding, he was then handcuffed and left for several minutes as he lay in his own blood.

Rivera was subsequently hospitalized for a fractured orbital bone and a multitude of abrasions and lacerations to his head.

“Hopefully this case will show Philadelphians that our system here works,” said Williams.

However, if the “system worked” Rivera wouldn’t have been run down by two men who claim to protect and serve the city. If the system worked, Rivera wouldn’t have been charged when he is the victim.

Unfortunately and predictably, the system failed. Only because of Rivera’s girlfriend and her steadfastness in seeking out the surveillance footage, will there be any chance of actual justice prevailing.

Philadelphia police commissioner Charles Ramsey said, “As tough as it is, as painful as it is, not just for me, but for the hardworking men and women of the Philadelphia police department to go out there every day and do the job properly, every one of these people who gets removed from our department brings us a step closer to having the kind of police department that people in this city deserve and that the members of this department who are doing their job the right way deserve to work alongside.”

Ramsey says that both officers, Robinson and McKnight have been suspended for 30 days, with the intent to dismiss from the force.

All charges have been dropped against Rivera.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
90088,"The head of Turing Pharmaceuticals, Martin Shkreli, claims that even after raising the price of one pill of Daraprim to $$750, the drug “is still under priced relative to its peers.”

The cost of making one pill of the drug is one dollar.

Shkreli, a former hedge fund manager, founded Turing Pharmaceutical after being ousted by his first biotech company Retrophin amid accusations of stock impropriety.

This is not the first time Shkreli has attempted to gouge medical consumers. In September 2014, Retrophin acquired the rights to Thiola, a drug used to treat the rare disease cystinuria. Shkreli, as CEO of Retrophin, introduced a 20-fold price increase for Thiola despite zero additional research and development costs incurred by obtaining these rights.

Advertisment

As we previously reported, last month Turing Pharmaceuticals acquired the rights to Daraprim, a 62-year-old drug that has been traditionally used to treat Toxoplasmosis; a parasitic disease which can potentially cause brain infection and blindness.

After purchasing the rights to a drug that prevents infections in people with weakened immune systems, including AIDS patients and cancer survivors undergoing chemotherapy, the pharmaceutical company raised the price of the drug by 5,500%. Instead of paying $$13.50 per pill, patients with life-threatening illnesses are now forced to pay $$750 per pill.

Ironically, Pyrimethamine is listed in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medications needed in a basic health system.

Since news of Shkreli’s decision to drastically hike the price of the life-saving drugs became public, there has been swift pushback against the price gouging by numerous health groups, as well as the general public.

In a joint letter from the Infectious Diseases Society of America and the HIV Medicine Association, the two groups called the price hike “unjustifiable for the medically vulnerable patient population” and “unsustainable for the health care system.”

In the most ridiculous of assertions, Turing Pharmaceuticals sent out a press release stating “that some healthcare facilities have encountered challenges securing DARAPRIM® (pyrimethamine) for patients diagnosed with toxoplasmosis.”

“Our number one priority is to ensure that all patients diagnosed with toxoplasmosis have an efficient and affordable means to access Daraprim,” wrote Turing’s Chief Commercial Officer, Nancy Retzlaff. “As soon as we learned that some hospitals and clinics were having trouble accessing the product, we developed an immediate corrective plan to ensure quick, efficient access for patients in need.”

Judging from the press release, it seems the company somehow thinks that raising the price of one 30-pill bottle of Daraprim from $$405 to $$22,500 will ensure quicker and more efficient access to the drug by patients in need.

The entire healthcare industry suffers from similar pricing problem to a lesser degree, as current patent and intellectual property law allows for the retardation and monopolization of medicine and it’s pricing.

According to a report by TechDirt:

In this case, any research and marketing costs have long since been recouped (or at least amortized). The patents behind the drug — all granted between 1951 and 1954 — should be dead. Conveniently for Turing (and other rights holders before it), no company is offering a generic version. This sort of thing isn’t exclusive to Turing. It’s standard MO for all pharmaceutical companies. Rather than engage in meaningful competition, these companies are awarded lengthy monopolies on drugs and treatments by the US government. Turing is no different than Amedra — part of the holding company acquired by Turing along with the Daraprim rights. But when Amedra acquired the rights from GlaxoSmithKline, it somehow managed to keep its price hike to a couple of dollars, rather than several hundred. This huge price jump has more to do with the man running Turing, Martin Shkreli. Shkreli doesn’t have a background in pharmaceuticals, but he does know how to run a hedge fund. And he’s used this expertise to become highly-unpopular very quickly.

As the only legal producer of the drug, Turing Pharmaceuticals is gouging consumers for every last cent they can squeeze out of them. The patent on the drug actually prevents the real market price from ever being discovered. Thus, people are forced to pay the “prohibition” rate as it stands.

While Shkreli contends that consumers will pay almost nothing for this drug, the reality is that everyone ends up paying the cost of this drug. The buck is passed onto the government and insurance companies, which in turn raises rates on their consumers. All the while consumers are left either holding the buck or dying – not very appealing choices.

There is an ongoing trend of life-saving drugs being acquired rapidly by companies who immediately jack the price so high that it becomes unaffordable to those who need it most. If anyone wonders why the price of health care is so out of control in the U.S., this is a prime example.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, AlterNet, InfoWars, MintPressNews and many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102577,"On June 8, 1967, 34 American servicemen were slaughtered and 173 more wounded after Israeli forces repeatedly attacked the USS Liberty in international waters. The Liberty was not a battleship and was entirely unable to defend itself as the hours-long assault took place.

For decades, the US government threatened the survivors with jail if they spoke about it and kept the truth from the public.

Although Israel apologized for the devastating attacks and maintained that a simple misidentification caused the strikes, startlingly new evidence has surfaced that refutes Israeli claims that this attack was done in error and that the Israelis were unaware they were attacking an American Navy vessel.

The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a U.S. Navy intelligence ship in international waters about 12.5 nautical miles from the coast of the Sinai Peninsula, north of El Arish, by Israeli fighter planes and torpedo boats.

It occurred during the Six-Day War, a conflict between Israel and the Arab states of Egypt, Jordan, and Syria. The Israeli attack killed 34 U.S. servicemen and wounded at least 173. The attack was the second deadliest against a U.S. Naval vessel since the end of World War II and marked the single greatest loss of life by the U.S. Intelligence Community.

The new evidence exposed in a documentary called “The Day Israel Attacked America,” by award-winning British filmmaker Richard Belfield, includes audio that proves the Israelis knew they were attacking a U.S. ship. Survivors of the attack have long maintained that Israel intended to kill the entire crew and sink the USS Liberty as a means of scapegoating blame for the incident onto Egypt.

“Earlier this year, I acquired a copy of the audiotape of the attack as it had unfolded, the real time conversations between Israeli Air Force pilots and their controllers back at base. It had never been broadcast before. I went to talk to Al Jazeera and after careful consideration, the network commissioned the film.” – Richard Belfield

Advertisment

But why would Israel want the U.S. to believe that Egypt was responsible you ask?

The answer would be found in what is know as a ‘false flag’ attack, which was meant to shift the blame for an incident as a means of drawing President Lyndon Johnson and the U.S. public into declaring war on Egypt.

The attack on the USS Liberty lasted for over two hours, but just sixteen minutes after the attacks had begun audio evidence confirms that the Israelis knew the identity as that of an American vessel.

These recordings can be heard in the documentary, which aired on Al Jazeera.

“To what state does she belong?” (Answer): “American”

Yet the attacks continued for another hour and forty-five minutes!

Five minutes prior to the commencing of the attack, Israeli Air Force pilots can be heard questioning whether the ship was an American vessel.

“Is it an American ship?” “What do you mean American?” “No comment.”

The first torpedo hit the USS Liberty twenty minutes after a ground controller confirmed to Israeli Air Force pilots that the ship was indeed part o the U.S. Navy. Incredibly, even after the confirmation that it was an American ship, a voice can be heard clearly confirming that the ship is to be destroyed – remember this is after the ship has been identified as American craft.

“The torpedo is taking care of the ship now.”

After the initial torpedo struck the Liberty, torpedo boats circled and strafed the vessel with machinegun fire, gunning down American sailors attempting to flee the damaged vessel in lifeboats — a war crime according to the Geneva convention.

Over a decade ago, a journalist named Arieh O’Sullivan from the Jerusalem Post was given access to these same audio recordings and published a transcript of the Israeli military transmissions that could be heard directing the ongoing attack. His analysis of the recording was almost exactly the same as that of the documentary, as sixteen minutes after the attack started, just as in the recording obtained by Al Jazeera, O’Sullivan’s transcript reveals the same exchange.

“Kislev, what country?” (Answer): “Apparently American.”

Oddly, the O’Sullivan’s transcript ends here even though the attack continued for another hour and a half.

An independent commission tasked with investigating the incident, and headed by Navy Admiral Thomas Moorer, who served this country as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Chief of Naval Operations, publicly released the commission’s shocking findings in 2003.

-The attack, by a U.S. ally, was a deliberate attempt to destroy an American ship and kill its entire crew. -The attack included the machine-gunning of stretcher-bearers and life-rafts . -The White House deliberately prevented the U.S. Navy from coming to the defense of the USS Liberty. -This was the first time in naval history a rescue mission had been cancelled while an American ship was under attack. -Surviving crew-members were later threatened with court-martial, imprisonment, or worse if they talked to anyone about what had happened to them; and were “abandoned by their own government.”

In what CIA analyst Ray McGovern called the ‘most detailed and accurate account of the Israeli attack,’ John Crewsdon, a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, published his in-depth analysis for the Chicago Tribune only to be fired a year later – after being employed there for 24 years.

“Israeli messages intercepted on June 8, 1967, leave no doubt that sinking the USS Liberty was the mission assigned to the attacking Israeli warplanes and torpedo boats as the Six-Day War raged in the Middle East. Let me repeat: there is no doubt – none – that the mission of the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) was to destroy the USS Liberty and kill its entire crew.” – former CIA analyst Ray McGovern.

The Free Thought Project recently attended a speaking event by Jack Beattie and Bryce Lockwood, a Naval seaman and a Marine who were on the USS Liberty when it was attacked.

In the video below, Beattie gives his description of events that occurred that day. He confirms that the ship was clearly labeled as American and the flag was flying. He also recalls how the fighter jets were firing on people in life rafts and how the ship was almost completely defenseless.

At the end of his talk, Beattie then explains how everyone on the ship was told that if they talk about what happened, they will be thrown in prison. Here is the real story of the USS Liberty.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
89238,"“And He’s Dead, Dead, Michael Brown, Deadest man in the whole damn town. His whole life’s long gone, Deader than a roadkill dog”

Glendale, CA — A cellphone video at a charity event put on by a retired LAPD cop, captured a shocking, disgusting and downright nauseating song celebrating the death of 18-year-old Mike Brown, who was killed in August by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson.

According to TMZ, the event was the capper for a charity golf event, thrown by retired LAPD Officer Joe Myers, a 32 year veteran who left the force in 2007. We’re told 50-60 people attended the dinner, and about half were cops, most of whom were retired. The others were civilians.

Advertisment

Singer Gary Fishell is a P.I. who once worked as an investigator for the Federal Government. His lawyer tells TMZ, Fishell now realizes the song was “off color and in poor taste.” The lawyer adds, “He’s a goofball who writes funny songs.” We asked why Fishell would sing this in a room full of cops, and the lawyer replied, “He thought the room would get a kick out of it.”

Joe Myers unapologetically tells TMZ, “How can I dictate what he [Fishell] says in a song?” Myers goes on, “This is America. We can say what we want. This is a free America.”

The song was a parody of the Jim Croce song, Bad Bad Leroy Brown and the sickening lyrics were as follows:

Michael Brown learned a lesson about a messin’

With a badass policeman And he’s bad, bad Michael Brown

Baddest thug in the whole damn town

Badder than old King Kong

Meaner than a junkyard dog Two men took to fightin’

And Michael punched in through the door

And Michael looked like some old Swiss cheese

His brain was splattered on the floor And he’s dead, dead Michael Brown

Deadest man in the whole damn town

His whole life’s long gone

Deader than a roadkill dog

The person who took the video of the incident gave it to TMZ because they were offended by the song and were upset that no one in the room was objecting.

A trustee at the Elks Lodge told TMZ many of the hundreds of members of the Glendale Elks Lodge are upset about the song, saying, “It’s deplorable and inappropriate and the Lodge will take disciplinary action against [Fishell] and possibly the people who organized this event.”

The trustee added, “We don’t stand for any racist things like this.”

This song shows the absolute callous disregard held by some of the members of law enforcement when it comes to victims of police killings. Michael Brown hasn’t been dead 6 months and these sickos are dancing to a song celebrating his death.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103592,"As more and more states legalize the medicinal and recreational use of cannabis, it will inevitably bring challenges to the criminal justice system. As of now, it seems that operating a vehicle under the influence of cannabis is treated the same as operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol.

However, this is a faulty assumption for the state. As we reported earlier, a pioneering study found virtually no driving impairment under the influence of cannabis. This does not mean that we recommend getting behind the wheel after getting high.

Advertisment

This area of the law is being tested in places like Colorado, where a medical cannabis user was forced to submit to a blood test after a cop pulled her over and suspected she was high. She had indeed medicated earlier, but insisted in court that she drives better when high and was not impaired. The jury believed her and let her go.

For those who prefer to ride a bicycle, there is a new study that should provide them ammunition in the event that a cop feels the need to bring the law down on their head. It is illegal to bicycle while high even in states that have ended cannabis prohibition.

German and Austrian researchers conducted an experiment to test the effect of cannabis on bicycle riding, and they found essentially no impairment.

“Hardly any driving faults occurred under the influence of cannabis. Only a few driving faults were observed even under the influence of very high THC concentrations… On average, there is no increase in the number of demerits after the cannabis consumption. A defined THC concentration that leads to an inability to ride a bicycle cannot be presented. The test subjects showed only slight distinctive features that can be documented using a medical test routinely run for persons under suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs.”

A maximum of three cannabis cigarettes containing 300 μg THC per kg body weight were given to test subjects who regularly consumed cannabis.

“While cycling the obstacle course, the fourteen participants in the study were given demerits for errors like leaving the track, knocking over barrels, swerving, running a red light and failing to go at a green light. Along the way, they had to slalom between poles and were presented with distractions like balls rolling in their path, verbal interruptions and being subjected to the glare of torch lights. — Marijuana.com”

The results of this experiment further call into question government’s assumption that operating a vehicle on cannabis is the same as operating on alcohol.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95478,"Napanoch, NY – In a true testament to the raw talent, and stellar minds being wasted in American maximum-security prisons, three men incarcerated for violent crimes at the Eastern New York Correctional Facility defeated the elite debate team from Harvard University.

On one side of the stage sat three Ivy League undergraduates from the elite Harvard debate team, while sitting opposite them were three men serving felony prison sentences for violent crimes.

After an hour of intellectual sparing the fast-moving debate was over, with the judges declaring victory for the inmates after weighing the veracity of each teams’ arguments.

The audience, which included almost 75 fellow participants in the Bard College Initiative, burst into applause when it was announced that the prison debate team had bested the Harvard team.

Prior to the start of the debate, team members discussed hopes of inspiring other inmates.

Advertisment

“If we win, it’s going to make a lot of people question what goes on in here,” said Alex Hall, a 31-year-old from Manhattan convicted of manslaughter. “We might not be as naturally rhetorically gifted, but we work really hard.”

The prison debate team is the product of the Bard College Initiative, which began in 2001. The program is a rigorous academic experience offered to the men incarcerated at the Catskills, New York penitentiary through the Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, N.Y.

The forward thinking program allows motivated inmates the ability to develop their academic talents through hard work and dedication. Roughly 10 inmates apply for each opening in the program through interviews and written essays.

According to a report by the Wall Street Journal:

There is no tuition. The initiative’s roughly $$2.5 million annual budget comes from private donors and includes money it spends helping other programs follow its model in nine other states. Last year Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat, proposed state grants for college classes for inmates, saying that helping them become productive taxpayers would save money long-term. He dropped the plan after attacks from Republican politicians who argued that many law-abiding families struggled to afford college and shouldn’t have pay for convicted criminals to get degrees. The Bard program’s leaders say that out of more than 300 alumni who earned degrees while in custody, less than 2% returned to prison within three years, the standard time frame for measuring recidivism. In New York state as a whole, by contrast, about 40% of ex-offenders end up back in prison, mostly because of to parole violations, according to the New York Department of Corrections and Community Supervision.

Members of the Harvard team were clearly impressed by the prisoners’ intellectual prowess.

“They caught us off guard,” said Harvard debate team member Anais Carell, a 20-year-old junior from Chicago.

The prison debate team has actually been scoring victories over some of the nation’s most elite debate teams.

In their first debate in spring of 2014, the prisoners beat the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, then defeated nationally ranked University of Vermont.

The stark reality is that an amazing wealth of human capital has been systematically thrown away in locked in cages as a means of lining the pockets of special interest groups and politicians, known as the Prison Industrial Complex.

Additionally, the program touts how much capital can be saved by implementing common sense educational opportunities for inmates.

According to the Bard Prison Initiative:

The criminal justice system is staggeringly expensive. As a country we spend $$212 billion dollars annually to apprehend, try, and incarcerate prisoners. In recent years, the United States has maintained a prison population of more than 2.3 million people, with the average annual cost of over $$29,000 per person (in many states, including New York, the cost is much higher). And while America has the longest and most punitive sentencing structures in the modern world, 750,000 inmates are released each year. Nationwide, nearly 68 out of every one hundred prisoners are rearrested within three years of release, and more than half return to prison. Research indicates that these high and expensive rates of recidivism fall to less than 22% if prisons offer significant educational opportunity to incarcerated men and women. Among formerly incarcerated Bard students, less than 2% have returned to prison. The estimated cost per person, per year of the BPI program is a small fraction of the price of continuing incarceration. It saves tax payers money, while increasing public safety.

At least 95% of all inmates will be released back onto the streets of America. The current prison system has essentially become college for criminals, with survival of the fittest being taught as the curriculum.

Is that who you want moving in next door to you?

The get tough on crime approach has failed, and new approaches must be undertaken to overhaul the failing corrections system. The Bard Prison Initiative program should serve as a model as to what can be accomplished if we shift our focus from a punitive to restorative model of justice.

Share this story if you agree that it’s time to end the prison for profit scam!!

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, AlterNet, InfoWars, MintPressNews and many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
2541,"(RT) — In undercover interviews with Twitter staff, Project Veritas has alleged that hundreds of employees are tasked with searching for graphic user photos. This data is then stored – indefinitely.

For anyone who thinks the information they send over Twitter is somehow protected from third-party snooping, think again. In a series of interviews caught on hidden camera in early January, Clay Haynes, senior network security engineer, dispels those notions once and for all.

“I’ve seen way more penises than I’ve ever wanted to see in my life,” Haynes confides to an undercover journalist with Project Veritas.

When asked to elaborate, Haynes says the graphic material is found on “DMs (direct messages), tweets…”

“Lots of d*cks,” he emphasized.

Interestingly, it is not the work of a robot to automatically single out the offensive content, but rather large teams of humans devoted to the task. “There’s teams dedicated to it,” Haynes confirms. “I mean, we’re talking, we’re talking three or four… at least, three or four hundred people.”

Advertisment

“Yes, they’re paid to look at d*ck pics.”

According to the founder of Project Veritas, James O’Keefe, users have no way to protect themselves from Twitter violations of privacy.

“Twitter has pages and pages of rules and requirements, including its comprehensive terms of service that protects Twitter from you,” O’Keefe noted. “But you have nothing that protects you from Twitter.”

This boils down to the ultimate question: How much information does Twitter have, and what are they doing with it?

According to another Twitter employee, a direct messaging engineer introduced as Pranay Singh, quite a lot.

“All your sex messages and your, like, dick pics are on my server now… All your illegitimate wives and, like, all the girls you’ve been f*cking around with, they’re on my server now,” Singh boasted.

“I’m going to send it to your wife, she’s going to use it in your divorce,” he added, jokingly.

But as the axiom says, with every joke there is a hint of truth.

O’Keefe commented on this particularly jocular, cocky stance from many Twitter engineers, who “seemed to have a more cavalier attitude about user privacy. It is almost like the whole culture at Twitter is about abusing and laughing at users.”

Singh emphasized a terrible truth about all of the vast amounts of personal data that Twitter hoovers up on a daily basis: it never goes away. “Like, they are always on there,” Singh claims.

And this fits in with Twitter’s particular business model, which collects user information and sells it to businesses, advertisers, and other interested parties, it appears.

“Even after you send [the information], people are analyzing them, to see what you’re interested in, to see what you’re talking about, and they sell that data.” When asked to clarify what sort of information Twitter makes available, Singh said, “everything.”

Even direct messages are free game. As O’Keefe explained, “this is not your run-of-the-mill big data. This is personal and specific, and that has a high premium for advertisers.”

It is almost like the whole culture at Twitter is about abusing and laughing at users. – James O’Keefe, Project Veritas

Another Twitter engineer, Mihai Florea, who has been with the company for three years, admitted that selling data to advertisers is “how we make most of our money.”

Florea said that users are “paying for the right to use our website with your data basically… And it’s the same way with every free website.”

Twitter has rejected the claims put forward in the Project Veritas investigation.

“We do not proactively review DMs. Period,” a company spokesperson told BuzzFeed. “A limited number of employees have access to such information, for legitimate work purposes, and we enforce strict access protocols for those employees.”

It must be noted that the work of Project Veritas has not been without criticism for the methods it employs.

In 2010, O’Keefe was sentenced to three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service, and a $1,500 fine for entering then-Senator Mary Landrieu’s (D-La.) office on false pretenses.

O’Keefe and three colleagues were arrested by federal authorities at Landrieu’s office on allegations of phone-tampering.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50204,"After it waged a veritable war against cannabis legalization in Arizona, coughing up half a million dollars for the campaign, Insys Therapeutics recently announced the ultimate victory has finally come to fruition: the DEA approved one of the company’s groundbreaking pharmaceuticals — synthetic marijuana — to be listed as a Schedule II substance.

“Insys gave $$500,000 last summer to Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, the group opposing marijuana legalization in Arizona,” the Washington Post reported. “The donation amounted to roughly 10 percent of all money raised by the group in an ultimately successful campaign against legalization. Insys was the only pharmaceutical company known to be giving money to oppose legalization last year, according to a Washington Post analysis of campaign finance records.”

That flood of cash from the pharmaceutical company with a vested interest in killing legalization probably did just that.

Now, the equally profit-motivated government has bestowed on Insys Therapeutics what is tantamount to skirting federal cannabis prohibition — despite that synthetic Syndros contains the equivalent ingredient, THC, nature provided in the first place.

This coordinated effort between a profiteering, private entity and the U.S. government to not only crush, but scoff at personal liberties sounds a quiet but resounding alarm for America’s legal cannabis industry.

The fact the cannabis plant, itself still languishes as a supposedly dangerous Schedule I substance, while Big Pharma can profit from its imitation, did not occur by happenstance — in fact, Insys’ history should have flatly nullified this government-granted windfall.

Syndros garnered approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration last summer for the treatment of the nausea, vomiting, and weight loss suffered by AIDS and cancer patients.

Advertisment

Now, Insys has received the green light from the Drug Enforcement Agency, which categorized the synthetic substance and its generic formulations as Schedule II — a classification placing it alongside substances from cocaine and methamphetamines, to Adderall, OxyContin, and even methadone.

Cannabis remains on the DEA’s hitlist of Schedule I dangerous substances the State vilipends as devoid of redeeming medical value, on par with heroin, LSD, ecstasy, and peyote — largely due to pressure from, if not surreptitious coordination with, Big Pharma.

Insys’ stupefyingly brash endeavor to crush cannabis legalization while attempting approval of a fabricated concoction that mimics the vilified plant must be the most astonishingly pretentious example of callous corporate profiteering in years — indeed, this loathsome hypocrisy has not escaped the cannabis advocacy microscope.

“It appears they are trying to kill a non-pharmaceutical market for marijuana in order to line their own pockets,” J.P. Holyoak, chairman of the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol in Arizona, asserted last year.

Even a cursory examination of Insys Therapeutics’ anti-pot propaganda — imbued with all the patronizing semantics characteristic of an industry too experienced in cozying up to the U.S. government — belies the inanity in Big Pharma’s naked profiteering.

In short, it doesn’t matter to Insys and the federal government that scores of patients suffering a startlingly wide spectrum of ailments find relief from a plant, cannabis, in its natural state — together with loosening laws nationwide — cannot profit Insys.

But a fabricated version of the plant — and its oh-so-helpful categorization as less dangerous than what nature managed to produce — can.

During its shameless anti-pot campaign, Insys bloviated of legalization, “it fails to protect the safety of Arizona’s citizens, and particularly its children.”

Perhaps targeting the heartstrings of family members whose loved ones use cannabis to treat childhood epilepsy and seizures, cancer, post-traumatic stress disorder, Crohn’s disease, addiction, depression, ADHD, or one of myriad other conditions, Insys deigned itself a shield between customers and the villain plant, adding it “firmly believes in the potential clinical benefits of cannabinoids,” and “we hope that patients will have the opportunity to benefit from these potential products once clinical trials demonstrate their safe and effective use.”

That socially-awkward attempt to seem compassionate fools no one — and hasn’t yet — considering Insys Therapeutics began seeking the boundless profits of synthesized cannabis more than a decade ago.

Insys predicted current staggering support for the medical and recreational use of cannabis years ago, as the company postured on the need to maintain the non-synthetic plant’s Schedule I status in a 2011 letter to the DEA, noting the “longstanding policy of the United States to disfavor domestic cultivation of narcotic raw materials because of concerns about the abuse potential from farming of this material.”

But evidence the pharmaceutical company’s hostility toward the cannabis plant pertained to profit deprived it, in actuality, came years earlier — Insys’ own words from nearly a decade ago substantiate fully the financial motivation.

As state-run RT pointed out, a disclosure filed by Insys on August 17, 2007, with the Securities and Exchange Commission proves beyond a doubt the profit-robbing factor would motivate killing legalization ten years later. Forgoing pretense, Insys asserted,

“If marijuana or non-synthetic cannabinoids were legalized in the United States, the market for dronabinol [Syndros] product sales would likely be significantly reduced and our ability to generate revenue and our business prospects would be materially adversely affected.”

Of course, given Insys Therapeutics’ penchant for flying fast and loose with the law when profits are at stake aligns perfectly with the company’s insultingly-hypocritical, patently-fictitious moralizing on public health concerns.

Insys is now under investigation for off-brand marketing of fentanyl — an opioid painkiller 50 times stronger than Schedule I-listed heroin, and one of the most addictive substances available — a route pharmaceutical companies take when a drug is either found efficacious in treating an additional condition, or when sales for the approved purpose slump.

Worse, and lending further credence to the company’s profit-no-matter-the-cost modus operandi, several Insys executives were just arrested in December for conspiring to pay off healthcare workers to recklessly prescribe the medication — even when the dangerous opioid wasn’t needed.

“Several pharmaceutical executives and managers, formerly employed by Insys Therapeutics, Inc., were arrested today on charges that they led a nationwide conspiracy to bribe medical practitioners to unnecessarily prescribe a fentanyl-based pain medication and defraud healthcare insurers,” wrote the U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts in an announcement on December 8, 2016.

“As alleged, top executives of Insys Therapeutics, Inc. paid kickbacks and committed fraud to sell a highly potent and addictive opioid that can lead to abuse and life threatening respiratory depression,” stated Harold H. Shaw, Special Agent in Charge of the Boston Field Division of the FBI, after the arrests. “In doing so, they contributed to the growing opioid epidemic and placed profit before patient safety. These indictments reflect the steadfast commitment of the FBI and our law enforcement partners to confront the opioid epidemic impacting our communities, while bringing to justice those who seek to profit from fraud or other criminal acts.”

Yet, the duplicitous nature of the U.S. government’s prohibition on cannabis now has the DEA, putatively Drug Warrior Number One, transparently forking over legal protections for synthetic THC, allowing the company to profit handily, while the plant’s scheduling makes criminals out of patients legitimately using cannabis for medical reasons.

It is this skirting of legality, deceptive marketing, duplicitous propaganda, offensively direct assistance from the government, and flagrant criminality that make Insys Therapeutics the exact corporate thug paragon of a monied-interest, authoritarian Police State.

If you need a case to abolish the State, look no further than its dealings with the cannabis plant — whether or not you are a user, the miraculously beneficial weed has flourished for centuries unmolested by self-important empires, until fiat currency made it a threat to unscrupulous profiteers.

The State’s farcical war on cannabis has effectively ended for most Americans — and it’s well overdue the government catch up with the rest of us.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102463,"Last Month, Scott Gottlieb, commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, issued a public health advisory on kratom, outlining concerns about its “deadly risks.” However, Nick Wing, a senior reporter at the HuffPost, submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to the Food and Drug Administration to put a second set of eyes on these allegedly deadly associations. What the FDA released under the FOIA request is now raising serious concerns about the validity and perhaps the motive for this senseless government fear mongering.

In their report, the FDA cited 36 deaths associated with the use of kratom. But the data they released to HuffPost showed only eight. Of these eight reports, not a single one confirmed a death caused by kratom.

As Wing noted, they requested all records on kratom associated deaths since 2010. All the incidents turned over to HuffPost appear to have been submitted through the FAERS, the FDA’s Adverse Event Reporting System.

Some of the data the FDA used to issue their warning over the ‘deadly risks’ associated with kratom use would be laughable if they weren’t going to be used to take this beneficial plant away from the countless people whose lives it saved by stopping their opioid addictions.

The report below shows how entirely absent of any real data the FDA’s claims are. “My son died after consuming kratom. Received it on Friday and died on Sunday. Prepared as a tea,” read the report.

Some are reports from medical professionals. Others from family members of deceased individuals, and are sorely lacking information. Here’s one from the mother of 22 yo white male, 248 pounds. pic.twitter.com/aBc6iRri3F — Nick Wing (@nickpwing) December 6, 2017

The above example shows absolutely no evidence that kratom caused this young man’s death, merely hearsay.

But it gets worse.

The FDA used these reports to associate death with kratom despite the far more life-threatening conditions contained in them.

Advertisment

The FDA chose to associate kratom with the person’s death in the report below—despite the person having tested positive for tramadol and having a history of cardiac arrhythmia.

Here’s another from a medical professional, which raises further questions. Individual tested positive for tramadol and had a history of cardiac arryhthmia. pic.twitter.com/vBsJe7Dvmt — Nick Wing (@nickpwing) December 6, 2017

For those that don’t know, agencies in Europe have just recommended moving tramadol to a much more dangerous drug classification because of the sharp increase in this pain killer’s association with deaths.

“Over the past number of years, there’s been a significant rise in the number of deaths linked to tramadol. There’s been more deaths from tramadol than any other drug at the present time,” State Pathologist Prof. Jack Crane told a court in Northern Ireland earlier this year.

What’s more is that the doctors filing these reports are clearly trying to shift blame to kratom in spite of other underlying health problems and taking other prescription medications.

As Wing notes, “Here’s another, from the wife of a man who died of a seizure. Medical examiner amended cause of death to “Toxic Effects of Mitragynine,” even though the husband had a history of seizures and was taking Dilantin (anticonvulsant) to treat them.”

Here’s another, from the wife of a man who died of a seizure. Medical examiner amended cause of death to ""Toxic Effects of Mitragynine,” even though the husband had a history of seizures and was taking Dilantin (anticonvulsant) to treat them pic.twitter.com/xdypS48f6F — Nick Wing (@nickpwing) December 6, 2017

It gets worse, a 63-year-old man on multiple prescription meds—who smoked for 40 years—had a heart attack. Despite cigarettes being the number one cause of preventable death in the United States, his death was attributed to kratom.

One more, from wife whose 63-yo husband died of a heart attack. She “suspects” kratom was the cause. He was taking 1 tablespoon of powder a day. Also other meds, smoker for 40 years. pic.twitter.com/uAcxXoUO91 — Nick Wing (@nickpwing) December 6, 2017

In yet another case, the mother of a 27-year-old man who died in his sleep claimed that kratom killed him. The FDA associated the death with kratom use in spite of the fact that he had multiple preexisting conditions, he had SSRIs in his system and muscle relaxers.

From mother of 27-yo male, who died in his sleep. Was taking kratom to detox, for anti-anxiety. Medical examiner excluded preexisting conditions, presence of SSRI and muscle relaxant. pic.twitter.com/oWTdQbjjb3 — Nick Wing (@nickpwing) December 6, 2017

To show just how ridiculous some of these claims are, we can look at a recent case out of Washington state. John Harden tragically lost his wife last month and reported her cause of death as kratom use. However, after further investigation—by the Thurston County Coroner—kratom was not found in his wife Wendy’s system at the time of her death.

When Gottlieb issued this dire warning last month he claimed there was “clear data” on these harms. However, given the above cases, this ‘clear data’ is clear propaganda and is being used to demonize this most beneficial plant that directly competes with big pharma’s grip on the treatment of pain.

Still, seems a bit strange that FDA appears to be basing a potentially huge decision on data that admittedly suffers from severe limitations — Nick Wing (@nickpwing) December 7, 2017

What’s more is the fact that this is the second time the government has been caught falsely associating deaths with kratom use.

As TFTP reported last year, the DEA attempted to claim that 15 deaths were attributed to Kratom. However, the American Kratom Association consumer group conducted an independent investigation and found that this was also disinformation. The AKA actually hired a toxicologist who reviewed the cases and found that there was no evidence to support the assertion and that most, if not all, of the deaths, may have been tied to other drug use. But that’s not all, as TFTP reported last month, in order to understand why this push for a ban is happening, we can simply look at who is spearheading it: FDA commissioner Scott Gottlieb.

For those unaware, before he was appointed as the commissioner of the FDA, Gottlieb was a resident fellow at the neoconservative think tank, the American Enterprise Institute. AEI has long pushed for the war in and US occupation of Afghanistan—which, since the US invasion, has become the world’s number one source of poppies.

AEI’s officers and board members are made up of warmongers like Dick Cheney, as well as Big Pharma insiders like Raymond Gilmartin, former CEO of Merck & Co., and mega bankers like Harvey Golub, the retired chairman and CEO of the American Express Company.

Gottlieb, himself, prior to assuming his role in making decisions on what people can and can’t put into their bodies, was an independent director at Tolero Pharmaceuticals and Daiichi Sankyo Inc. and a member of GlaxoSmithKline’s product investment board.

Yes, the head of the FDA was a director at Tolero Pharmaceuticals which was charged and forced to pay a $$39 million fine for paying physicians ‘kickbacks’ to push their drugs, in violation of the False Claims Act, an anti-kickback statute.

Now, here’s where things get really interesting. Looking past GlaxoSmithKline’s plethora of unscrupulous acts, we can focus on a patent they filed—which happens to one of Kratom’s alkaloids—Speciofoline.

It just so happens that a patent was filed for Speciofoline on August 10, 1964. The patent claims the “alkaloid has useful pharmacodynamic activity, particularly analgetic and antitussive activity.”

The patent was filed by Smith Kline, of Glaxo Smith Kline, & French Laboratories.

Now, as we see the head of the FDA who was a former director at a pharmaceutical company charged with bribing doctors to push drugs and a member of GlaxoSmithKline’s product investment board—who patented one of Kratom’s alkaloids—the motive for banning this highly advantageous and healing plant becomes entirely clear. Hint: it’s not for your safety and will, in fact, lead to more opioid deaths and a slew of crime.

Not only will its ban push kratom into the black market, it will create an entirely new stream of revenue for the police state. The millions of innocent people who currently use kratom will be turned into criminals — literally overnight.

We can expect to see armed raids on cancer patients and other people treating their pain with this plant. We can expect to see asset forfeiture rise and the wholesale theft of property in the name of enforcing the FDA’s ban. More dogs, kids, and adults will undoubtedly fall victim to the police state as it carries out the will of their corporate masters — laying waste to all those in their path.

And, all of this tyranny, prohibition, theft, and violence, will be deemed necessary — to keep you safe — in the Land of the Free.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88615,"John Vibes

May 26, 2014

A law enforcement officer who allegedly broke into his captain’s office and stole a police vehicle will keep his job after a panel decided that his transgression did not “violate his sworn duty to protect and serve the citizens of the city of Vermilion.” Vermilion is a city located in Ohio where this incident took place.

On the weekend of February 8th, officer Dale Reising allegedly broke into his captain’s office through the ceiling and stole a set of keys for one of the patrol cars.

Advertisment

Captain Mike Reinheimer noticed that something was wrong the following day when he entered his office and found debris from the ceiling tiles scattered throughout the room. Reinheimer also noticed that one of the patrol cars was parked in the wrong place, and remembered that the only keys to that specific car were in his office over the weekend.

Putting two and two together Reinheimer realized that someone probably broke into his office to steal the keys. After opening up an investigation, the police discovered that Reising copied the car key at Ace Hardware.

Reising claimed that he was only stealing the car and breaking into the office to “see if it could be done”. However, throughout the investigation he was caught in numerous lies and only confessed when it was discovered that he made a copy of the key.

On May 12, a panel made up of various city officials and an organization called the Ohio Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association decided that Reising would receive a 30-day unpaid suspension, and that he would be required to take ethics courses before returning to work, allthough he will be still able to keep his job.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104217,"Recent documents released by Wikileaks have revealed evidence of cooperation between the government of Turkey and the Islamic State to profit from oil fields controlled by the terrorist group in Iraq and Syria. Wikileaks announced a searchable database of over 57,000 emails from the personal email accounts of Turkey’s energy minister Berat Albayrak, who is also the son-in-law of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

The emails were published in partnership with a Turkish group called Red Hack, which earlier claimed in September that it had access to almost 20 gigabytes of data and was later censored on the internet by the Turkish government.

The emails show that since becoming energy minister in late 2015, Mr. Albayrak was still leading the daily operations of a company called Powertrans which has been accused of enabling Islamic State oil to reach the international marketplace from Syria and Kurdish areas of Iraq. Powertrans has a virtual monopoly over oil transport in Turkey as it was the only company granted a license in 2012 after a ban enacted in 2011 by Erdogan.

As reported by Zero Hedge, many emails show a company manager Betul Yilmaz asking for Albayrak to approve decisions like organizational planning, approving new employees and salary decisions. The email exchange between Albayrak and Yilmaz lasts for three years from 2012 until 2015.

Advertisment

Allegations that the government of Turkey has helped the Islamic State are not new, as regional parties and others involved in the Syrian proxy war, have made these accusations since 2014. Bilal Erdogan, the son of President Erdogan, was exposed as a major part of the logistics of the Islamic State oil trade through Turkey.

Statistical analysis of the oil market has also confirmed that Islamic State oil was being processed and exported from Turkey.

Columbia University’s Institute for the Study of Human Rights appointed a team of researchers to study this and published a paper listing dozens of examples of Turkey aiding the Islamic State through action or inaction.

An opposition party minister in Turkey was charged with treason after publicly accusing the government and President Erdogan of helping Islamic State. Editors of a major Turkish newspaper were arrested for publishing reports and video of Turkey’s intelligence services sending weapons into Syria under the premise of humanitarian aid.

Russian officials also released satellite images and aerial video in December 2015 detailing the scale of oil trucks entering Turkey after President Vladimir Putin promised to produce evidence that Islamic State oil was being allowed to pass.

American reporter Serena Shim also exposed many of the ways Turkey allowed Islamic State to transport weapons, fighters and supplies across the Turkey-Syria border. She was killed in Turkey in a suspicious car accident two days after reporting on live television that Turkey’s MIT intelligence service was planning to arrest her.

Despite conflicting information on the scale, the US Treasury Department also confirmed that significant quantities of Islamic State oil were brought into Turkey.

US Vice President Joe Biden was forced to apologize publicly in 2014 after saying “President Erdogan told me, he’s an old friend, said, ‘You were right. We let too many people through.’ Now they are trying to seal their border,” referring to terrorists entering Syria from Turkey.

“They poured hundreds of millions of dollars and thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad. Except that the people who were being supplied were al-Nusra and al-Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world,” Biden told students at a Harvard University event.

WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that the emails were published in response to the Turkish government’s crackdown on dissent after the failed coup in July 2016. “The people of Turkey need a free media and a free internet,” Assange said.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104236,"“The pain that shot through my face only lasted so long, but the painful memory is something that I don’t know when will leave me or my family.”

Seattle, Wash. – The city of Seattle is being sued by Jesse Hagopian after he was pepper sprayed by police while leaving a peaceful Martin Luther King Jr. Day rally and march on Jan. 19.

The suit claims that police lacked cause to douse him with pepper spray shortly after giving a speech at the rally discussing how “black lives matter,” and seeks $$500,000 in damages.

According to the Seattle Times,

Advertisment

Jesse Hagopian, a history teacher who gave a speech during the event, says in the claim that as he began to head home in the afternoon to celebrate his 2-year-old son’s birthday, he was walking on the sidewalk in the South Lake Union area talking to his mother on the phone when the officer sprayed him. During the press conference, Hagopian’s attorney, James Bible, said Hagopian was pepper-sprayed “irrationally” with “No provocation and no reason,” Bible said, characterizing the officer’s assault on innocent citizens as a challenge to free speech.

The video of the incident shows a few officers, including the one that sprayed Hagopian, standing at a police barricade barking orders at the few peaceful demonstrators.

Officers had set up a bicycle barricade to block the march, but some people walked through the blockade, Hagopian did not.

The video clearly shows Hagopian come walking along calmly, minding his own business and talking on his cell phone, as you hear the officer, in typical jackboot thug fashion shout, “Stand back! Stand back!”

Out of nowhere the officer blasts Hagopian with the pepper spray, hitting him in the face.

“I felt the piercing pain shoot through my eye, my eardrum and my nostril, all over my cheek and face,” said Hagopian, according to Komo News. “I yelled out. My mom was in distress as she heard me yell.”

Seattle Police Chief Kathleen O’Toole said Wednesday she couldn’t comment on Hagopian’s claim because it is a legal matter.

“(Jesse) was pepper sprayed irrationally by a police officer – no provocation and no reason,” said Bible. “We view this as a challenge to free speech.”

Seattle Mayor Ed Murray weighed in, in an emailed statement stating,

“We have worked to create and implement a comprehensive and transparent police accountability system that will be the most robust in the nation. Under the accountability system that we’ve set up, the uses of force that occurred during the MLK protests are currently under review and being investigated.”

As the old adage goes, a picture is truly worth a thousand words. The utter contempt some cops show for citizens was on full display for the world to see in this still shot of the heinous assault by officer.

According to Hagopian, the most difficult part isn’t the physical pain that was inflicted upon him:

“The pain that shot through my face only lasted so long, but the painful memory is something that I don’t know when will leave me or my family.”

The incident was captured on video and uploaded to YouTube Wednesday, the same day Hagopian’s attorney filed a claim against the city.

Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74026,"Santa Rosa, CA – 18-year-old Gabbi Lemos was brutally assaulted by a police officer after celebrating her graduation from high school at her home. Hours after the party, Deputy Marcus Holton and six other officers with the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Department arrived uninvited at the home and began aggressively interrogating people who were outside.

Before approaching the house, Holton noticed that Gabbi’s sister Karli was sitting in a parked vehicle outside with her boyfriend and he began to question them. At one point during the interrogation, Holton opened Karli’s door and attempted to physically rip her out of the vehicle. Gabbi witnessed what was occurring outside of her home and shouted at the officer to leave her sister alone, and demanded that a female officer be called to the scene.

“It was scary seeing all his anger toward her in that moment. That’s when I decided to say something,” Gabbi said.

According to a recent lawsuit filed by the Lemos family, Gabbi “complained to the deputy that he had no right to pull her sister out of the vehicle and he needed to ask her first.”

Holten then violently pushed Gabbi, and while backing away she yelled, “You can’t touch me! We have rights!”

Advertisment

“I told him what he was doing wasn’t OK, that he couldn’t touch us,” Gabbi later told reporters.

Gabbi’s mother Michelle Lemos then came out and told her to go in the house. Next, according to the lawsuit, Holten “bolted around the family and without a word caught Gabbi from behind the neck in a chokehold, lifting her small body off the ground several feet before throwing her face-first onto the driveway.”

“Deputy Holton put his knee in the back of Gabbi’s head and began grinding her face into the gravel, despite her screams and her family’s pleas to stop,” the lawsuit said.

“All of a sudden, I felt an arm and my neck and that’s when he lifted me up off the ground and threw me face first onto the ground just, like right here,” Gabby said.

Gabbi is roughly 5 feet tall and 115 pounds and her family says that the officer towered over her and was much bigger.

“He was just angry from the get go, from the second he got out of the car,” Michelle Lemos, told reporters.

To make matters worse, after Gabbi was taken to the hospital she was arrested for battery on an officer and resisting arrest.

When asked by ABC News if she resisted, Gabbi said, “There was no way I could have. He was on top of me with my hands behind my back.”

The Sonoma County Sheriff’s Department said that the officer’s body camera shows that he “behaved with restraint and professionalism during a highly volatile situation.”

However, that same body camera footage ended up proving that Gabbi was not resisting, nor did she attack Holten in any way, so the charges against her were quickly dropped.

The day after the Lemos family filed their lawsuit, the District Attorney responded by filing new charges against Gabbi Lemos, for “obstructing, restricting or delaying a police officer.”

The family’s lawyer, Izaak Schwaiger said that this is an obvious move to discredit Gabbi so she is unable to file her lawsuit against the department.

“It’s ridiculous, unethical and totally expected. It’s another example of flying to the aid of the sheriff’s office when it’s in trouble. The D.A. has their back. If you are convicted of resisting arrest you can’t sue. It’s an unethical and vindictive process,” Schwaiger said.

Lemos is facing a year in prison if she is convicted of this new retaliatory charge.

Holten shot and killed a man in 2011 and was cleared of any criminal wrongdoing because he claimed that the victim was reaching for his waistband.

John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95503,"Roseville, NC — A Roseville police officer, who was being investigated after he was seen on video slamming a small teen girl to the ground, has quietly resigned amid the investigation. As the Free Thought Project has previously reported, officers are all too often allowed to resign during investigations as a means of avoiding any form of accountability. It appears that is what’s happening here.

In January, Officer Ruben De Los Santos was captured on a high school student’s cell phone video slamming down a small teen half his size, Jasmin Darwin. According to witnesses and Darwin, she was trying to break up a fight between her sister and another student when Santos came up from behind her and smashed her into the ground.

In the brief but graphic video, Santos is seen grabbing Darwin from behind and picking her high up in the air before slamming her down on the hard floor. For a moment, Darwin appeared to by unconscious.

Advertisment

“Every time I look at it, it’s embarrassing,” Darwin said of the video. “I didn’t even realize it happened. Like, I was in shock.”

Since the brutal act, Santos has been on administrative leave. However, he is no longer with the department, so his leave is no more.

Naturally, apologists in the community are coming forward to praise Santos as a great cop whom everyone likes. In fact, just prior to being captured on video body slamming a small girl, Santos was given one of the highest honors of the department — officer of the year.

The town’s mayor, Frank Eagles attempted to blame the girl while praising Santos.

“A few people have caused a lot of trouble. There’s good kids in that school and majority of kids are great kids,” he said.

After it was announced that Santos resigned, Chief Bobby Langston released a vague statement in an attempt to justify the officer’s actions.

“During Officer De Los Santos tenure with the Town, he was respected by his peers and the community at large. Officer De Los Santos was even selected as 2016 Officer of the Year for the Town of Rolesville Police Department. In this profession, law enforcement officers must make split-second decisions in tense and rapidly evolving circumstances. Sometimes that split second decision does not define the long standing character of the officer”.

While the chief and the mayor may feel the officer was justified in slamming a small girl to the concrete, Jasmin’s mother and others in the community disagree, noting that the officer used excessive force.

The video below certainly doesn’t lie and when watching the officer’s reaction to Jasmin, slamming her down was the definition of excessive.

As the Free Thought Project has reported on countless occasions, officers of the year are often caught in some of the most despicable acts. Santos is no exception.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
56821,"Washington, D.C. – With information coming out of WikiLeaks at a fast and furious pace, it’s difficult for the average person to keep up with the many bombshell revelations being exposed. This is happening so much that the most damning evidence is ending up as background noise in the 24-hour election news cycle without ever making it into the mainstream news.

On October 7th, 2016, WikiLeaks publish thousands of emails belonging to John Podesta’s private email archives. More emails have been released in the days that followed. Podesta is Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign Chairman. He previously served as Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton and Counselor to President Barack Obama.

The Podesta emails give insight into why there has been such little fanfare in the mainstream media regarding many of the most damning allegations against Clinton.

The fact that most of the newsworthy information contained in the emails is not being reported by the corporate media is indicative of the incestuous relationship between the mainstream media and the Clinton campaign – and is on full display in the Podesta emails.

Advertisment

While there are dozens of bombshell revelations contained within the emails –including transcripts of speeches to Wall St. banks that Clinton had refused to release, hidden policy positions, and evidence of collusion with brutal regimes – the most damning is the collusion and control of the U.S. media on display in the emails.

Essentially, the media has been weaponized as a means of controlling public opinion by propagandizing the American people. World renowned academic Noam Chomsky, in his book “Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media,” detailed how U.S. media frequently serve as an errand boy for U.S. corporate, military and imperial interests.

Chomsky forwarded the idea of what he called a “propaganda model.” Although the book was written in 1988, it speaks precisely to what is currently taking place and clearly revealed in the Podesta emails.

“The media serve, and propagandize on behalf of, the powerful societal interests that control and finance them. The representatives of these interests have important agendas and principles that they want to advance, and they are well positioned to shape and constrain media policy.” -Chomsky



With knowledge of what is currently transpiring, here are the ten most damning Clinton emails regarding the media’s collusion with her presidential campaign, with hotlinks to the original WikiLeaks release.

1. Clinton Staff hosts private “off-the-record cocktail party” with 38 “influential” reporters, journalists, editors, and anchors (from 16 different mainstream media outlets including CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, & more) with the stated goal of “framing the race.”

2. Donna Brazile (CNN contributor at the time, and current DNC Chairman now) leaked CNN town hall questions to Hillary Clinton’s staff prior to the debate.

3. Clinton campaign and the New York Times coordinating attack strategy against Trump.

4. Glen Thrush, POLITICO’s chief political correspondent and senior staff writer for POLITICO Magazine, sends John Podesta an article for his approval. Writes: “Please don’t share or tell anyone I did this. Tell me if I fucked up anything.”

5. Huffington Post contributor Frank Islam writes to John Podesta in an email titled “My blogs in the Huffington Post”, says “I am committed to make sure she is elected the next president.” “Please let me know if I can be of any service to you.”

6. Clinton staffer “Placing a story” with Politico / New York Times: “place a story with a friendly journalist” “we have a very good relationship with Maggie Haberman of Politico” “we should shape likely leaks in the best light for HRC.”

7. John Podesta receiving drafts of New York Times articles before they’re published.

Clinton staff “placing a story with a friendly at the AP (Matt Lee or Bradley Klapper).”

More media collusion: NYT and AP “helpful” to Clinton campaign.

8. Clinton staff colluding with New York Times and Wall Street Journal to paint Hillary’s economic policies in a “progressive” light.

9. CNBC panelist colluding with John Podesta on what to ask Trump when he calls in for an interview.

10. Clinton staff appearing to control the release times of Associated Press articles.

The reality revealed in these emails is one of media collusion with powerful interests, which only serve to keep the American people in the dark about what is actually transpiring. The exact opposite of transparency.

Please share this article to wake people up to the fact that their news is scripted by powerful entities as a means of influencing people’s perceptions!",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
73968,"Oklahoma City, OK — On Tuesday, the Oklahoma Senate will hear two of the most controversial anti-abortion bills in recent history. One bill would revoke the medical license of any physician who performs an abortion, and the other bill would criminalize abortion as an act of first-degree murder.

This legislation is an unprecedented move by anti-abortion advocates. However, this sentiment is not uncommon. Lawmakers in the past have attempted to arrest, at least, one woman, for murder, after inducing an abortion.

In June of 2015, Kenlissa Jones, 23, was charged with malice murder and possession of a dangerous drug, after taking a pill to induce an abortion.

Advertisment

According to officials, When Jones found out she was pregnant, she ordered the ‘abortion pill’ from an online pharmacy in Canada. The drug was called Cytotec which is an anti-ulcer medication, with known off-label indications such as medication abortion, medical management of miscarriage, induction of labor, cervical ripening before surgical procedures, and the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage.

After Jones had explained to doctors what she did, she was placed in the Dougherty County jail and was held without bond.

However, after spending three days in jail, and realizing they had no grounds to hold her, Dougherty County District Attorney Greg Edwards issued a statement saying he had dismissed the malice murder charges against Jones.

Had legislation, similar to the Bills currently proposed in Oklahoma, been on the books, Jones would still be in jail, and her 2-year-old child would be without her mother.

According to S.B. 1118, as proposed by Sen. Joe Silk, R-Broken Bow, of Oklahoma, any attempt to end one’s pregnancy would be considered murder.

“No person shall perform or induce or attempt to perform or induce an abortion after conception,” it reads. “A person commits murder in the first degree when that person performs an abortion as defined by Section 1-745.5 of Title 63 of the Oklahoma Statutes.”

S.B. 1118 is not some fringe legislation with no chance of passing either. In fact, it is going to hearing on the Senate floor Tuesday because a whopping 30,000 Oklahoma residents signed a petition in support of this bill.

The petition, circulated by the Abolitionist Society of Norman and their supporters, reads as follows:

“[W]e hereby respectfully demand that our state government stop protecting the murder of children by abortion within its jurisdiction and establish justice for all pre-born human beings in our state. We demand that our legislators stop passing laws to regulate abortion and instead outlaw all abortion as murder. “We demand that these changes be made now—not five, ten or fifteen years down the road. In short, we the people of the state of Oklahoma demand the total and immediate abolition of human abortion as the legal, constitutional and moral duty of our elected and appointed officials.”

Sen. Nathan Dahm, R-Broken Arrow has proposed an accompanying Bill that would strip doctors of their medical licenses and lock them in a cage if they perform an abortion.

According to S.B. 1552,

“Any physician participating in the performance of an abortion shall be prohibited from obtaining or renewing a license to practice medicine in this state. No person shall perform or induce an abortion upon a pregnant woman. Any person violating this section shall be guilty of a felony punishable by imprisonment for not less than one year nor more than three years in the state penitentiary.”

Treating abortion as an absolute crime is dangerous because it says no matter what, regardless of rape, potential harm to the mother, health of the child, or any other unforeseen reasons that may require prematurely ending a pregnancy, that a murder has been, or will be committed — and this is simply not true.

Unfortunately, many people allow emotion to rule their logic and end up holding beliefs which are entirely contradictory. For example, one cannot be ‘Pro-life’ while at the same time being Pro-war. Conversely, one cannot advocate for the state to “get out of their uterus” while at the same time demanding state money to pay for abortions.

Abortion is a reality, and society is slowly figuring out how to deal with it. But, the more the state attempts to interject their bias into this reality, the more skewed the situation becomes.

A society that treats the potential for life as disposable is a society in a crisis of conscience, and in need of self-reflection. That being said, however, a society will not be magically repaired by criminalizing cultural norms. Destroying life to potentially save life is as hypocritical as it is ineffective.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
74656,"Albuquerque, NM — In the Land of the Free, those tasked with protecting and serving all too often do the exact opposite. Instead of investigating rapes and murders police departments spend billions enforcing an immoral war on drugs. Instead of solving thefts, police are kicking in doors looking for an illegal plant. And, in the case of Jeremy Waller, instead of arresting the person who’d stolen his truck, the same department who murdered a man for illegal camping, did not care about catching the thief at all.

Waller just learned the hard way how unconcerned the Albuquerque police department is when it comes to helping citizens and stopping criminals. However, he also realized the power a community has when they come together to prevent and fight crime — sans police.

Last week, Waller, who is missing one leg after a horrible motorcycle accident last year, was laying in bed when he heard the sound of his pickup truck start in his front yard. Knowing he’d not told anyone they could drive it, Waller made his way outside as fast as he could to attempt to stop the thief.

However, he was too late. By the time Waller made it outside, his pickup truck was already peeling out down the street.

“It’s invasive,” he said. “They’re at your home.”

Advertisment

As KOB reports, Waller’s truck is loud when it’s running — but when it’s not, there’s really no way to know someone’s inside. The windows are so dark that it may have helped that thief out. The first thing he did was rip a dome light out so no one would know he was in there.

After realizing he’d been robbed, Waller did what most people would do — he called the cops. He also reached out to his community via Facebook.

“First thing I did was call 911, but I logged into Facebook,” Waller said.

While talking with the police on the phone, Waller began receiving hits on the whereabouts of his stolen truck.

“My friends responded immediately. I think [in] 20 minutes they found the truck,” he said.

By the time the officer responded to his home, Waller and his friends had found the stolen truck. Waller had his friend on the phone who was following the truck. They knew the exact location and were tracking it in person and in real time.

This information on the whereabouts of the truck would be invaluable to a police department looking to solve a crime, right? Seems like an open and shut case. All the cops had to do was dispatch a couple of units to the location of the truck, arrest the bad guy, return the truck, and be heroes. However, that is not what happened.

Instead of helping Waller, police simply didn’t care.

“I was sitting here with the cop, I told him, ‘Hey, my friend is behind the truck and this is where it’s at,'” Waller said.

But the officer told Waller that they weren’t going to pursue the truck. Naturally, Waller was shocked.

This was an easy case for the police, yet they were entirely unconcerned. So, Waller took matters into his own hands — and he was far more successful than the cops.

As KOB reports, in August, Waller and his wife both lost a leg in a horrifying motorcycle crash near Cochiti Lake. On a prosthetic, Waller had to jump in his own vehicle to go recover his truck.

“(APD) wanted nothing to do with it,” he said. “Just a lot of the events lately, I’ve seen similar stories and it’s just disappointing that they almost act like they really don’t care.”

Instead of waiting around on the cops, who ‘really don’t care’, Waller and a half dozen friends got in their vehicles and pursued the thief on their own. When they found his truck, they boxed it in and the thief took off running.

Waller got his truck back, but thanks to the complacency and careless attitude of the APD, a car thief is now free to strike again. However, because of the vigilance of the citizens proving they can solve crimes without cops, perhaps that thief will think twice next time.

To illustrate the devious nature of the APD, KOB left a statement on their website about how the department treats them now.

An important editor’s note: Ordinarily, KOB would reach out to APD for comment on this sort of story prior to a newscast, or prior to publishing on KOB.com. However, in recent months, that courtesy has resulted in KOB content being distributed to other news outlets by the Albuquerque Police Department. To maintain the integrity of our content, our management has decided to reach out to APD for comment at the first opportunity on Saturday. We will share the department’s response with you then.

It is no wonder that a department who deliberately sabotages their local news agency would also refuse to do their job and arrest a car thief.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104291,"Zbigniew Brzezinski, one of the most influential US political thinkers at the height of the Cold War, has died aged 89, according to his daughter. The advocate of US hegemony, Brzezinski, authored numerous proposals to bring down the Soviet Union.

“My father passed away peacefully tonight,” his daughter and MSNBC anchor Mika Brzezinski wrote. There was no word of the cause of death.

Arming the Mujahideen in Afghanistan to bleed the Soviets, transforming Iran into an anti-Western republic, and the brokering of the Camp David Accords – are among the best known outcomes of his strategies.

Brzezinski inadvertently helped create Al-Qaeda, when he convinced President Carter that running a secret CIA program to launch a proxy-war against the USSR-backed Afghan government was going to “induce a Soviet military intervention.”

“We didn’t push the Russians to intervene, but we knowingly increased the probability that they would,” he said in a 1998 interview with Le Nouvel Observateur.

Advertisment

“The day that the Soviets officially crossed the border, I wrote to President Carter, essentially: ‘We now have the opportunity of giving to the USSR its Vietnam war.'”

“That secret operation was an excellent idea. It had the effect of drawing the Russians into the Afghan trap and you want me to regret it?” he told the interviewer.

“What is more important in world history? The Taliban or the collapse of the Soviet empire? Some agitated Moslems or the liberation of Central Europe and the end of the cold war?”

Less than four years later, those “agitated Moslems” would destroy the World Trade Center and damage the Pentagon, setting off the endless “war on terror” that continues to this day.

Brzezinski was born in Warsaw, Poland, in 1928, according to official biography. Other sources speculate that he was actually born in a Polish Consulate in the Ukrainian town of Kharkov, which at the time was part of the USSR, but his parents registered him as having been born in Poland and not the Soviet Union.

He graduated from Harvard with a PhD in political science with a thesis on the formation of a totalitarian system in the USSR – and became author of a global strategy on anti-Communism and the concept of a new form of American hegemony.

“The defeat and collapse of the Soviet Union was the final step in the rapid ascendance of a Western Hemisphere power, the United States, as the sole and, indeed, the first truly global power,” Brzezinski wrote in his 1998 book The Grand Chessboard.

However, in one of his latest articles in the American Interest journal the Polish-born diplomat asserted the US is “no longer the globally imperial power” and “can only be effective in dealing with the current Middle Eastern violence if it forges a coalition that involves, in varying degrees, also Russia and China.”

NEW: Jimmy Carter releases statement following death of Zbigniew Brzezinski, calling him “a superb public servant.” https://t.co/E1Jh8sbeU8 pic.twitter.com/7n5jC0Q6FZ — ABC News (@ABC) May 27, 2017

In the sixties, he served as an advisor to the Kennedy and Johnson administrations and his tough stance towards the Soviet Union never waned. In the Carter years, Brzezinski became National Security advisor and was considered the president’s right-hand man. During the Clinton administration, the hawkish statesman was the main voice pushing for NATO’s eastward expansion.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75306,"3631 POSTS

Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Agorist is also the Editor at Large at the Free Thought Project. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter Steemit , and now on Facebook.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38953,"Maltese Investigative Journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia, who was described as a “One-Woman WikiLeaks” after she led the Panama Papers investigation, was killed on Monday afternoon in a car bomb near her home.

Galizia’s career was devoted to exposing establishment corruption, and her most recent work revealed that Malta’s prime minister, Joseph Muscat, and two of his closest aides, had connections to offshore companies that linked them to the sale of Maltese passports, and showed that they had received payments from the government of Azerbaijan, according to a report from the Guardian.

During a press conference on the attack, Muscat acknowledged Galizia’s work, and said, “Everyone knows Ms. Caruana Galizia was a harsh critic of mine, both politically and personally, but nobody can justify this barbaric act in any way.”

However, Galizia’s son is not convinced, and he referred to Muscat as a “clown” who was taking advantage of the situation by “making statements to parliament about a journalist he spent over a decade demonizing and harassing,” just hours after her death.

Advertisment

“Joseph Muscat, Keith Schembri, Chris Cardona, Konrad Mizzi, the Attorney General and the long list of police commissioners who took no action: you are complicit. You are responsible for this,” Matthew Caruana Galizia wrote, claiming his mother was assassinated in a Facebook post that called out a number of elected officials and politicians.

“My mother was assassinated because she stood between the rule of law and those who sought to violate it, like many strong journalists. But she was also targeted because she was the only person doing so. This is what happens when the institutions of the state are incapacitated: the last person left standing is often a journalist. Which makes her the first person left dead.”

Daphne Caruana Galizia will be remembered as a remarkable investigative journalist who risked her life to expose corruption among the elite. One of her most notable endeavors was bringing the massive revelations from the Panama Papers to light, which consisted of 11.5 million leaked documents that detailed financial information from more than 200,000 offshore accounts.

As The Free Thought Project reported in April 2016, the Panama Papers had a direct effect on the United States by revealing both elite and criminal donors who helped to finance the careers of Hillary and Bill Clinton through unethical offshore tax shelters.

Matthew Caruana Galizia is also an investigative journalist, and he worked alongside his mother on the investigation into the Panama Papers. He wrote that he was nearby when his mother’s car exploded with a blast so powerful that it sent the vehicle and its passenger flying into a nearby field.

“I am never going to forget, running around the inferno in the field, trying to figure out a way to open the door, the horn of the car still blaring, screaming at two policemen who turned up with a single fire extinguisher to use it. They stared at me. ‘I’m sorry, there is nothing we can do,’ one of them said. I looked down and there were my mother’s body parts all around me. I realized they were right, it was hopeless.”

Mr. Galizia said he told the police at the scene, “My mother is in the car. She is dead. She is dead because of your incompetence.”

While some may refer to Daphne Caruana Galizia’s death as “tragic,” her son said he believes “this was no ordinary murder and it was not tragic.” He argued that “when there is blood and fire all around you, that’s war. We are a people at war against the state and organized crime, which have become indistinguishable.”

Mr. Galizia also claimed that “one of the police sergeants who is supposed to be investigating her murder, Ramon Mifsud, posted on Facebook, ‘Everyone gets what they deserve, cow dung! Feeling happy :)’”

“Yes, this is where we are: a mafia state where you can now change your gender on your ID card (thank God for that!) but where you will be blown to pieces for exercising your basic freedoms. Only for the people who are supposed to have protected you to instead be celebrating it. How did we get here? A culture of impunity has been allowed to flourish by the government in Malta. It is of little comfort for the Prime Minister of this country to say that he will ‘not rest’ until the perpetrators are found, when he heads a government that encouraged that same impunity.”

Mr. Galizia accused Muscat of filling his office, the police force, and the courts with crooks, imbeciles, and incompetents. “If the institutions were already working, there would be no assassination to investigate—and my brothers and I would still have a mother,” he wrote.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102622,"The deranged psychopath responsible for the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history was on psychotropic drugs that can lead to violent behavior, according to a report out of the Las Vegas Review-Journal. This information was predictable as most mass shooters are on some type of the same medication.

It was also revealed Tuesday, that Paddock transferred $$100,000 to the Philippines before the shooting. This information was given to the Journal by a source within law enforcement who was not authorized to speak publicly about this case.

As the Journal reports:

Advertisment

Records from the Nevada Prescription Monitoring Program obtained Tuesday show Paddock was prescribed 50 10-milligram diazepam tablets by Henderson physician Dr. Steven Winkler on June 21. A woman who answered the phone at Winkler’s office would not make him available to answer questions and would neither confirm nor deny that Paddock was ever a patient. Paddock purchased the drug — its brand name is Valium — without insurance at a Walgreens store in Reno on the same day it was prescribed. He was supposed to take one pill a day.

Valium, although often used as a sedative and calming medication, can have serious side effects of aggression. According to the FDA, diazepam can elicit the following side effects:

confusion, hallucinations, unusual thoughts or behavior;

unusual risk-taking behavior, decreased inhibitions, no fear of danger;

depressed mood, thoughts of suicide or hurting yourself;

hyperactivity, agitation, aggression, hostility;

“If somebody has an underlying aggression problem and you sedate them with that drug, they can become aggressive,” said Dr. Mel Pohl, chief medical officer of the Las Vegas Recovery Center. “It can disinhibit an underlying emotional state. … It is much like what happens when you give alcohol to some people … they become aggressive instead of going to sleep.”

As the Journal reports, a 2015 study published in World Psychiatry of 960 Finnish adults and teens convicted of homicide showed that their odds of killing were 45 percent higher during time periods when they were on benzodiazepines.

A year earlier, the Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry published a study titled, “Benzodiazepine Use and Aggressive Behavior.” The authors wrote: “It appears that benzodiazepine use is moderately associated with subsequent aggressive behavior.”

There are most certainly people of all ages that can benefit from certain prescription medication. However, the most worrisome aspect of Paddock’s ties to this medication is that the majority of mass shooters in recent U.S. history have links to these same meds.

This is not some conspiracy theory either. The side-effects listed by the drug companies themselves include delusional thinking, suicide, and homicidal ideation.

One single psychiatric medication prescribed to help people quit smoking has been tied to an epidemic of aggression and suicide.

In only five years, 544 suicides and 1,869 attempted suicides were reported to the FDA as “adverse events” in connection with the drug Chantix, according to documents obtained by America Tonight under the Freedom of Information Act.

The website SSRIstories.org has also been documenting the link between selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and violence. On the site is a collection of over 6,000 stories that have appeared in the media (newspapers, TV, scientific journals) in which prescription drugs were mentioned and in which the drugs may be linked to a variety of adverse outcomes including violence.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88315,Erin Clemens has put together an uncomfortable youtube video that gives the viewer her impression of what autism feels like. Erin is an accomplished blogger and author...,thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104520,"""Do you think this was all accomplished on his own? ...he had to have some help at some point,"" said Sheriff Joseph Lombardo.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103982,"March 14, 2014

You should never talk to the police, ever. But this guy is a Professional. Not long after just winning a not-guilty verdict and a lawsuit for being beaten and tased at a checkpoint, he is stopped again.

Advertisment

Pastor Steven Anderson is no stranger to harassment from law enforcement officials, and in the video below we see just how well-informed he is. While simultaneously schooling this officer on the Constitution and the illegality of the situation, he remains polite while refusing to answer any questions.

",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104556,"(CN) – Attorneys for the police officer who shot and killed Philando Castile in July say the manslaughter charge against him should be dropped because Castile was high on marijuana at the time of the incident.

Jeronimo Yanez and his attorneys filed a motion to dismiss Wednesday and a memo supporting the motion.

Yanez’s push to dismiss the felony manslaughter charge against him follows the U.S. Department of Justice’s announcement that it will conduct a comprehensive review of the St. Anthony Police Department, which was deeply criticized nationwide over the incident.

Last month, Ramsey County Attorney John Choi charged Yanez with second-degree manslaughter and two counts of dangerous discharge of a firearm for the shooting of Castile during a traffic stop on July 6.

Advertisment

The immediate aftermath of the shooting was live-streamed by Diamond Reynolds, who was a passenger in the car along with her 4-year-old daughter in the backseat.

The shooting spawned protests at the governor’s mansion and other parts of the country, including a demonstration in Oakland, Calif., that shut down an interstate for hours.

According to Yanez’s memo, Castile lied on his application for a permit to carry a firearm and denied that he used any controlled substance.

“This is critical because unlawful narcotic users are not eligible to own, let alone carry a firearm on their person,” according to his attorneys, led by Earl Gray of St. Paul.

Photographs of marijuana were discovered on Castile’s Instagram account from 2012, the memo states, and Castile was issued three marijuana-in-vehicle tickets in 2005, 2006 and 2008.

Yanez’s attorneys also say blood draws from Castile revealed high levels of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana.

“Evaluation of the defense expert Glenn Hardin, who was formerly employed by the [Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension] and often testified on behalf of the State of Minnesota, establishes that Mr. Castile was intoxicated,” the memo states. “The status of being stoned (in an acute and chronic sense) explains why Mr. Castille: 1) did not follow the repeated directions of Officer Yanez; 2) stared straight ahead and avoided eye-contact; 3) never mentioned that he had a carry permit, but instead said he had a gun; and 4) he did not show his hands.” (Parentheses in original.)

Glenda Hatchett, former TV court show star and attorney for the Castile family, released a statement Thursday in response to the motion to dismiss.

“This is the designed play for the defense of police officers who kill citizens, always blame the victim,” she said. “Earl Gray has done this for decades. They want to say and have you believe that Philando was the negligent one and somehow that matters in excusing or defending the officer.”

Hatchett added, “Similarly, the lawyers claim that Yanez could not be liable because he had no duty to Philando, simply because he had marijuana in his system and cite cases that supposedly support that ludicrous assertion. The United States Constitution, the Supreme Court of the United States and the State of Minnesota. by enacting Minn. Stat Section 609.066, state the exact opposite.”

But Yanez’s attorneys argue that an objective review of the squad-car video confirmed the officer’s description of why he acted in self-defense and why Castile himself was “culpably negligent and was the substantial cause of his own demise.”

“He should not even have been driving while under the influence. He should have showed his hands. He should not have reached for the handgun, the same handgun found at the scene, the handgun Officer Yanez described,” the memo states.

In addition to Gray, Yanez is represented by Thomas Kelly in Minneapolis.

Robert Bennett with Gaskins Bennett serves as co-counsel for Castile’s family.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104149,"In a recent ruling, a Kentucky man has prevailed in a lawsuit he faced over shooting down a drone that entered his property. While the question of where a drone can operate on private property remains to be answered, the ruling appears to be a victory for property owners.

William Meredith became known as the “drone slayer” in 2015, after he used a shotgun to dismantle a drone operated by David Boggs, that he says was flying over his property in front of himself and his daughter. Meredith initially faced felony charges of endangerment and criminal mischief for shooting down the drone. The criminal charges were dismissed by Judge Rebecca Ward in Bullitt County District Court, citing recollections from witnesses who said that the drone was flying under the tree line. Ward also said that Meredith was within his rights to shoot down the drone.

Advertisment

Boggs went on to sue Meredith in federal court for $$1,500 in compensation for his drone and to seek a declaratory judgment to define the drone as an aircraft under federal law, flying in “navigable airspace” in an effort to clarify airspace limitations — a legal issue that is currently quite hazy. Drones have exploded in popularity, especially among hobbyists, yet legal guidelines regarding airspace boundaries are still in infancy. The closest case to serve as a precedent is a 1946 lawsuit, United States v. Causby, in which a farmer sued over military aircraft continually flying over his property and causing his chickens to cease laying eggs. In that case, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the plaintiff, whom the court found “owns at least as much of the space above the ground as he can occupy or use in connection with the land.”

Boggs claims his telemetry proves that he flew his drone over 200 feet above Meredith’s property, while Meredith has stuck to his claim that the drone flew around 20 feet above his neighbor’s house before rising to somewhere between 60 and 80 feet above his own property.

The most recent court case ruling in Meredith’s favor does not define boundaries of airspace; Senior US District Judge Thomas B. Russell simply granted Meredith’s motion to dismiss the case and summarized that the clarification Boggs is seeking cannot be issued in a federal court. Russell wrote that “even if Boggs is correct that his unmanned aircraft is subject to federal regulation, as the Court noted above, the fact remains that the FAA has not sought to enforce any such regulations in this case.”

Current FAA regulations are not clear in specifying altitude limitations, with just one rule of a “maximum altitude of 400 feet above ground level.” However, even if distinct laws were in place, Meredith and Boggs are clearly at odds with their respective claims: Meredith is maintaining that Boggs invaded his privacy, while Boggs claims that his drone was not close enough to Meredith’s home to invade privacy.

Despite the contrasts between the two parties in their recollections, Meredith and Boggs both agree that clarification in the law is critical. James Mackler, Boggs’ attorney, said that “We desperately need clarification from this issue and that has to come from the federal level. Drones are continuing to be shot down.” Mackler added that “we have not decided whether we are going to file our appeal.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
95979,"Austin, TX — A video uploaded to Youtube this week shows an ominous precedent being set in America. Offending someone is now grounds for police action.

A preacher near the University of Texas at Austin documented this death blow to the freedom of speech. The preacher was voicing his opinion on anal sex, just outside of the campus when students became ‘offended’ and sought out state force to punish the man for his speech.

When the officer came up to the preacher, he essentially explained to him that the 1st Amendment is irrelevant, “The law says if you offend someone, and they wanna press charges.”

Advertisment

“It’s against the law to offend someone?” the preacher asked in complete surprise.

“Yes,” the cop repeated.

The officer then proceeded to repeat the words that hurt the oh-so-sensitive ears of the passersby, prompting them to sic the cops on a man for his words. “Dirty penis. Genital warts. You can’t keep your legs closed. It’s a war on the anus. Homosexuals at UT,” repeated the officer, as if he was exhibiting evidence of an actual crime.

While the Free Thought Project certainly doesn’t agree with the preacher’s views, we will stand up for his right to voice them.

Even the vilest, most repugnant, and hateful speech must be defended with our lives. For if we ever give the state the ability to silence one of us, they will silence all of us.

In the video, the officers actually admit that they write “so many of these tickets” that it is hard to keep track of them. So, this is hardly an isolated incident.

When the Free Thought Project called the campus police department for a statement, we were told that the citation was voided. But this was most likely due the outpouring of calls from the tens of thousands of viewers who watched the video on Youtube, with the department’s phone number in the title.

Had the man in the video attempted to ‘resist’ his unlawful citation and detainment, the officer could have killed him and this would have been justified — in the land of the free.

p;",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
38802,"In a testament to the ill-c0nceivied, immoral, and outright vile war in Syria pushed by the US government, a 12-year-old boy was beheaded by ‘friendly forces.’ The gruesome and shocking murder was filmed and carried out by members of Nour al-Din al-Zinki — a group of ‘moderate rebels’ aided, funded, and armed by the United States.

The Nour al-Din al-Zinki movement began in 2011 during the Syrian civil war and grew to be a powerful anti-Assad group with the help of the US. The group also reportedly fought against the Islamic State. However, as the video shows, their crimes against humanity are no different than the terrorist regime.

The video surfaced on Tuesday and illustrates the sick reality created by US foreign policy. The first video shows five men posing with the frightened child in the back of a truck. Later, one of the men is seen cutting off the boy’s head.

Advertisment

The incident is reported to have taken place in Handarat, north of Aleppo, where heavy violence has been prominent recently.

The men in the first video say the child is a fighter from Liwa al-Quds (the Jerusalem Brigade), a Palestinian pro-government militia operating in the Aleppo area.

Liwa al-Quds is a pro-Syrian government Palestinian paramilitary faction made up of the Palestinians who have been driven out of their homes in the Handarat Camp. They are not part of ISIS and only fight to regain their homes.

However, according to the Liwa al-Quds, they said the boy, identified as Abdullah Issa, was just an innocent 12-year-old from a poor refugee family who lived in a rebel-held area of Aleppo.

Earlier this month, Amnesty International released a report detailing the horrid abuses of the Nour al-Din al-Zinki Movement. The group, who’s received everything from anti-tank missiles to cash from the US, stands accused of unspeakable human rights abuses, including abductions and torture — and now, publicly removing the heads of children.

Judging from the boy’s appearance of ragged clothing and abrasions on his body, it appears that he was impoverished and possibly tortured before he was murdered.

The second disturbing video shows a man behead the child using a small knife, after the child is laid laid down on the trunk with his hands cuffed behind his back.

With the Allahuakbar shout, the executioner holds high the child’s head then puts it down on his back.

The video’s release prompted a response by the State Department on Wednesday. And, only after the world became enraged did the US decry the murder.

“If we can prove indeed what happened and this group [al-Zinki] was involved in it, it would give us pause about any assistance or frankly any further involvement”, U.S. official Mark Toner told reporters at a press briefing today.

“I can’t take what these consequences would be, but this certainly would give a pause and we’ll look at any affiliation or cooperation with this group,” he reiterated.

Members of the Nour al-Din al-Zinki Movement responded by saying the torturing and beheading of an innocent child was “an individual error.”

News of this beheading came on the same day that US coalition forces bombed the village in Manbij’s northern Hazawneh quarter in Syria, killing dozens of innocent people, many of whom were children.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
102873,"Huntington, WV — A disturbing video was uploaded to Facebook this week by a West Virginia law firm showing their client get brutally taken down by a Huntington cop. The hard to watch video is the perfect example of excessive force and has caused quite the outrage online.

In the video, a man is being arrested for public intoxication. This man’s only ‘crime’ was being drunk while walking, yet this officer chose to escalate force to near-deadly proportions.

While the man was certainly inebriated, he was posing absolutely no threat to anyone around him as a child could’ve simply knocked him down. However, this officer—apparently short on patience—felt the need to employ a leg sweep and body slam.

Without provocation or reason, the officer all of the sudden kicks the drunk man’s legs out from under him. The man is sent hurling toward the ground head-first. When his head hits the pavement, the sound is painful to hear.

Advertisment

Onlookers are astonished at the officer’s need use of force. “I think he hit his head pretty hard,” says one man. “I think he might be out.”

And out he was.

As the man lay there unconscious, suffering from a potentially fatal blow to the head, the officer mounts him, puts a knee in his back and places him in handcuffs.

“Premeditated use of force. point blank. I get that the job is demanding and dangerous but there’s a line and I feel a lot of these officers look for reasons to cross it when it could be avoided,” wrote a Facebook user.

“

“The man was not resisting. This is why people hate cops that was total bull crap what he just did,” another person noted.

However, not everyone was quick to call out the officer. One person defended the officer’s actions, saying, “I love the comments from people who have never been in the law enforcement field. Arm chair quater (sic) backs. There was no hitting or kicking or excessive force used. The dude tried rolling out and the officer defused the situation by taking him to the ground to control him. People are so quick to bash LEO anymore. Would it have mattered of (sic) this individual would have been fighting with them and would have been talking. Law enforcement cannot win with people. If they shoot someone they are murders, if they apprehend someone it is excessive force.”

Another supporter of the violent escalation said, “The policeman acted 100% accordingly. Notice how calm he was. The “client” is intoxicated and can’t stand still. A policeman has no idea the intention of someone, if he’s moving he’s resisting. It was a simple leg sweep.

This idiot (client) shouldn’t have a case and shame on you for representing him. This is exactly why Attorney’s have bad reputations. #bluelivesmatter #istandwiththepolice”

The Free Thought Project reached out to the Huntington Police Department but as of the publishing of this article, we’ve not yet heard back.

Weston Robertson Law firm originally posted the video with the following description.

Weston | Robertson takes special interest in Police Brutality cases to protect civil rights in our community. We wanted to share with you a video capturing our client’s encounter with the Huntington Police Department as a result of a public intoxication disturbance call. We would like to hear your objective comments regarding the necessity of the leg sweeping maneuver used. We welcome all opinions, but please keep it clean. Please share as well.

The firm has since taken down the video, thankfully the internet saved it.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104633,"Lubbock, Tx — Waves continue to ripple through the country after a hugely controversial case of police brutality in McKinney, Texas last week. As we previously reported, racial tensions caused a pool party to turn chaotic after it had grown larger than expected, causing residents to call the police.

Rather than attempt to de-escalate the situation, one officer reacted as if he was dropped into the middle of a game of Call of Duty. As soon as he arrived, he began barking orders, manhandling young women and pulling his gun on two frightened boys. And let’s not forget that amazingly unnecessary barrel roll. That officer, Eric Casebolt, has since resigned.

Advertisment

The entire scene was so outlandish and alarming that it has been the topic of debate online for almost a week now. Even some of the most staunch supporters of police are outraged at the behavior of one police officer. Behavior that 11 other police officers could not, or would not, stop. There are also very outspoken supporters of Officer Rambo. One North Miami teacher was fired after commenting on a Miami Herald post “He did nothing wrong. He was afraid for his life. I commend him for his actions.”

One school teacher, in particular, took to Facebook with her incredibly alarming opinion, and it cost her her job.

Karen Fitzgibbons, an elementary teacher in the Frenship Independent School District, was fired after she posted to Facebook blaming blacks for not only that situation, but racial tensions in general, stating:

“I’m just going to just go ahead and say it…the blacks are the ones causing the problems and this ‘racial tension. I guess that’s what happens when you flunk out of school and have no education. I’m sure their parents are just as guilty for not knowing what their kids were doing; or knew and didn’t care. I’m almost to the point of wanting them all segregated on one side of town so they can hurt each other and leave the innocent people alone. Maybe the 50s and 60s were really on to [sic] something. Now, let the bashing of my true and honest opinion begin…GO! #imnotracist #imsickofthemcausingtrouble #itwasagatedcommunity”

School district officials released a statement, saying:

“Frenship ISD is deeply disappointed in the thoughtlessness conveyed by this employee’s post. We find these statements to be extremely offensive, insensitive, and disrespectful to our Frenship community and citizens everywhere. These comments in no way represent the educational environment we have created for our students. We hold our employees responsible for their public conduct even when they are not on active duty as district employees. Employees are held to the same professional standards in their public use of electronic media as they are for any other public conduct. This recent conduct was unacceptable.”

According to the Lubbock-Avalanche Journal, Fitzgibbons says the post “was not directed at any one person or group” and that she “apologized to the appropriate people.” She went on to state, “It was not an educational post; it was a personal experience post.”

Maybe she didn’t mean it to be educational, but I’m sure many people learned, if they haven’t yet, that racism is alive and well.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
87778,"Billboard ads will be posted in Washington D.C. this week seeking information about the unsolved murder of Democratic National Committee (DNC) staff member Seth Rich. The new advertisements will appear at city bus stops and at least one full-size billboard in the neighborhood where Rich was killed. The announcement was made Tuesday on what would have been Seth Rich’s 28th birthday.

Seth Rich, the 27-year-old DNC staff member was gunned down in the early morning hours of July 10 while walking home after drinking at a Washington, D.C. bar he frequently visited. The ShotSpotter sensor system used by D.C. Police detected the sound of gunshots at around 4:20 a.m. and patrol units found Seth Rich lying on the street with multiple bullet wounds to the head. Rich was still conscious but pronounced dead at a local hospital about an hour later. D.C.’s Metropolitan Police Department has not named a suspect in the murder and has not indicated there is significant progress in the investigation.

The new ad campaign was organized by Republican lobbyist Jack Burkman out of concerns that Rich’s murder was not a failed robbery attempt, which D.C. Police claim is a possible explanation. Burkman’s concerns have echoed the thoughts of many who think Seth Rich’s murder may have been connected to his work and the DNC scandal involving over 25,000 leaked emails which proved internal corruption related to the Democratic party’s presidential nomination of Hillary Clinton. Burkman is the same lobbyist who also pledged more than $$100,000 in reward money for information about the murder.

“There are too many dimensions to the tragedy and none seem to make any sense. I hope the $$100,000 in additional money will finally get to the truth of what happened here and will either debunk the conspiracy theories or validate them,” Burkman said in the September statement at the time the reward was offered.

D.C. Police confirmed details which may indicate that the attack was not just a random robbery attempt. Seth Rich still had his wallet, cash and cell phone on him when police arrived. However, his watch band was damaged. Seth Rich’s mother told NBC Washington he had bruising from a struggle and it also appears he was attacked from behind.

Advertisment

“There had been a struggle. His hands were bruised, his knees are bruised, his face is bruised, and yet he had two shots to his back, and yet they never took anything,” she said. “They took his life for literally no reason. They didn’t finish robbing him, they just took his life,” Mary Rich continued.

The night of the murder, Seth Rich went drinking at Lou’s City Bar where he was known to be a regular. Rich usually sat in the same seat at the corner of the bar, usually showing up straight from the office in a shirt and tie. The Daily Mail reported that bar staff said Rich seemed upset, which was not typical of him, possibly over an argument with his girlfriend.

The Daily Mail’s report noted that Seth Rich normally had a high tolerance for alcohol but may have been unusually drunk by closing time, around 1:45 a.m. ‘It was rare for him to really show that he had been drinking,’ according to the manager on duty that night. ‘That was unusual for him. That was very, very unusual for him to do that.’

Staff at Lou’s City Bar say Rich declined to take the offer of a ride back home and instead opted to walk to a nearby bar called Wonderland to have a few more drinks. Wonderland closed at 2:30 a.m. that night. However, it is not confirmed that Rich actually made it to this bar.

The total period of time unaccounted for could be as high as 90 minutes from the 2:30 closing time of Wonderland until the 4 a.m. window when the murder may have begun. The Daily Mail’s report estimated it could have taken Rich about 30 minutes to reach home from the area of the two bars, possibly longer if the alcohol slowed him down. This could have left about one hour of time that cannot be verified, with the exception of the details of the phone call he made to his girlfriend. Police reported Seth Rich was still on the phone with his girlfriend at the time of the attack.

There are credible reports that the neighborhood was experiencing a trend in armed robberies. However, the same Daily Mail report notes the robberies abruptly stopped in the weeks following the murder. According to the D.C. Police, there were also two robberies in the area in the hour prior to Rich’s shooting.

While the events on the night of Seth Rich’s murder are not conclusive, the circumstances after Seth Rich’s murder are reasonably suspicious.

Some early reports first described Seth Rich as a low-level staff member, but as the case drew national attention, it was revealed that he was tasked with oversight of a national data program designed to increase voter turnout with the use of detailed maps to polling locations. The program used data collected from every voter precinct in the country. Some think this may have been a key factor in Seth Rich’s understanding of what was happening at the DNC, as reports emerged of vote-rigging fraud in the Democratic primaries in June.

On July 22, two weeks after the murder of Seth Rich, WikiLeaks published leaked emails from multiple senior members of the Democratic National Committee showing they made negative comments about the campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders while the competitive presidential primary race was still ongoing. The DNC was accused of showing favoritism for Hillary Clinton and sabotaging the campaign of Bernie Sanders because the emails showed collusion between party officials and various media organizations. The emails included comments from DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was forced to resign days later and was immediately hired by the campaign of Hillary Clinton.

On July 25, the DNC issued a “deep and sincere apology to Senator Sanders, his supporters, and the entire Democratic Party for the inexcusable remarks made over email,” in a statement released on the opening day of the party’s convention in Philadelphia.

In August, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange announced a $$20,000 reward for information about the murder. Assange then hinted that Seth Rich was the source who gave WikiLeaks the data, during an interview with Dutch TV’s Nieuwsurr.

Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often significant risks. There was a 27-year old that works for the DNC who was shot in the back… murdered.. for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington. Host: That was just a robbery wasn’t it? Assange: No. There’s no finding. Host: What are you suggesting? Assange: I am suggesting that our sources take risks and they become concerned to see things occurring like that. Host: But was he one of your sources, then? Assange: We don’t comment on who our sources are. Host: But why make the suggestion? Assange: Because we have to understand how high the stakes are in the United States and that our sources face serious risks… that’s why they come to us so we can protect their anonymity. Host: But it’s quite something to suggest a murder… that’s basically what you’re doing.

American media has used the confusion to blame Russian President Vladimir Putin for giving the email data to WikiLeaks, causing Hillary Clinton to lose the election, even though no credible evidence has been given to support these conclusions. Although US President Barack Obama ordered an intelligence assessment to determine whether Russia did hack the email data, agencies including the FBI said they disagree with the C.I.A.’s conclusion that Russia was responsible, citing a lack of evidence.

In mid-December, the Daily Mail exclusively reported that WikiLeaks envoy Craig Murray, the former British ambassador to Uzbekistan, claimed he had personal knowledge that the source of the DNC emails was not Russia. Murray told the Daily Mail that he personally flew to Washington, D.C. for a secret meeting with one of the sources, who was a DNC insider.

‘The source had legal access to the information. The documents came from inside leaks, not hacks,’ said Murray.

[divider style=”solid” top=”20″ bottom=”20″]

UPDATE:

On Friday, Burkman noted that he ‘finds credible’ and entirely new conspiracy theory — that Russian operatives had Rich killed after he uncovered information that Russia hacked the DNC. He based these claims based on two phone calls he received.

Hopefully, his money will “either debunk the conspiracy theories or validate them.”",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55690,"Everyone involved in this assault agreed it was excessive force, so why was the case thrown out?",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
55774,"IT IS TRUE THAT POLICE OFFICERS AND MILITARY AGENTS ARE EXPOSED TO A LOT OF VIOLENCE, BUT MORE OFTEN THAN NOT THEY ARE THE ONES ON THE DELIVERING END OF THAT VIOLENCE. WHAT ABOUT THOSE ON THE RECEIVING END?

John Vibes

July 7, 2014

(INTELLIHUB) — Post Traumatic Stress Disorder or PTSD has become a popular topic in the news recently, now that the PTSD problem among veterans is becoming impossible to ignore. PTSD seems to be a rational human response to extremely violent situations.

Unfortunately, while humanity may be less violent than our ancestors of past centuries, the majority of the human population is still forced to cope with overwhelming amounts of violence. This exposure to violence results in varying degrees of PTSD, some cases are unnoticeable and some are very pronounced.

The most interesting thing about how this issue is portrayed in the mainstream media is the fact that police officers and the military always seem to be the focus of discussion. It is true that police officers and military agents are exposed to a lot of violence, but more often than not they are the ones on the delivering end of that violence. What about those on the receiving end? Surely those who are on an even more unpleasant side of that violence suffer from many of those same symptoms.

Advertisment

This is an idea that would never even be considered in the mainstream media, they would do studies to see if military or police dogs have PTSD, before they would consider for one minute that a victim of state violence may experience it…. And they actually have done those studies on military and police dogs.

The people of Iraq, Afghanistan and all of the other Middle Eastern and African countries that the US government has attacked must be completely traumatized after having their lives and their communities torn apart with violence. The unfortunate souls who get caught up in no knock raids on the wrong house probably have a difficult time coping with the situation afterwards. Peaceful activists who get cracked in the head with batons or shot in the face with pepper spray are also likely candidates for PTSD. As are victims of the drug war, victims of unwarranted car searches and victims of TSA molestation.

Sadly, the violence that now causes these people to loose sleep at night is taboo, but even more than that no one even wants to admit that this violence exists. To do so would fracture the myth of the fair and benevolent state that people use to justify the aggression that surrounds them.

Since this worldview is so prevalent in today’s society, PTSD among victims of state violence is completely unrecognized, ignored and many of these people are left in a state comparable to Stockholm Syndrome, blaming themselves and thinking that their feelings are somehow unreasonable. The feelings that they have are legitimate though, the violence that agents of the state engage in effects people other than themselves, this fact should be obvious.

Of course, the aggressors are human too and i am not writing off the psychological impact that this violence has on them, especially if they feel forced or intimidated into carrying it out. However, it is dehumanizing to only consider the impact that a conflict has on one party involved. This sort of approach and rhetoric is exactly what makes foreign wars and home town police states palatable to the average people who just watch the mainstream media and believe what the politicians tell them.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
104225,"Jackson, MS — A Jackson police officer has been fired after a disgraceful viral video showed him attempting to solicit sex from a high school girl — while on duty.

Officer Darryl Stasher was demoted to desk duty on Tuesday and finally terminated on Wednesday after the video found its way to the police department.

“Chief Vance finds this video to be very disturbing,” said JPD Commander Tyree Jones. “He has a zero tolerance policy for any type of behavior that is obviously displayed on this video itself.”

In the video, Stasher clearly cares not about being filmed while propositioning a high school girl for sex from his patrol car. This young girl is someone’s daughter and she is being obscenely solicited for sex by a public servant.

Not only is he propositioning her for sex, but he’s also encouraging her to skip school to do so. By acknowledging that she is in school, this officer obviously knew the girl was young and cared not about the immoral nature of an adult hitting on a child.

Advertisment

As the video begins, the girl is apparently attempting to ward off the officer’s lewdness.

Officer: Man, you look like you’re scared to fuck, you said you wasn’t going to school.

Female: Man, I ain’t scared to fuck with nobody what you talking about?

Officer: Okay, well why you acting like you can’t go to the room? Ain’t nobody going to know what we doing in the room. I’m going to take care of you, so.

Female: You can take care of me but I don’t go to rooms.

Officer: Okay, where the hell you go? How do you do grown folk stuff then?

Officer: Oh so you sayin you ain’t fuckin’?

Female: I don’t fuck.

In the video, it appears that officer Stasher is no stranger to hitting on girls while on duty — even underage girls going to school. How many other girls has this officer seduced into hotel rooms at the expense of Mississippi taxpayers?

“This is not a representation of the Jackson Police Department,” Jones added. “Nor how officers are supposed to conduct themselves in public venue.”

As the Free Thought Project reported last November, an investigation by the AP revealed around 1,000 policemen across the US had their licenses revoked and lost their jobs over the last six years on account of numerous sexual offenses that included rape and possession of child pornography.

The probe revealed that 550 officers were decertified for various sexual assaults, including rape. Some were dismissed for sodomy or sexual shakedowns, where victims were forced to perform sexual acts to avoid arrest.

A further 440 officers lost their jobs for other sex-related offenses, such as possessing child pornography, being a peeping Tom, sending sexually charged messages to underage teens or having sex while on duty.

About one-third of the officers lost their jobs for committing sexual offenses with juveniles.

Officer Stasher in now added to that list.",thefreethoughtproject.com,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
