,content,domain,fake,conspiracy,political,junksci,unreliable,bias,hate,reliable,satire,clickbait,unknown,rumor
435149,"Iraq stands at a crossroads. Its leadership can create a just, free, and prosperous society on a constitutional foundation of individual rights and limited government, or it can pave the way back to dictatorship by exacerbating group tensions and recreating the fascist economic system over which the Baath party ruled for decades.

The moment of truth is drawing near. Iraq’s drafting committee will soon report out a proposed constitution with a bill of rights. The national assembly will debate the new constitution (scheduled to end today) and then pass it on to the people for approval.

Many dictatorships have promulgated “bills of rights,” but they have been hollow and useless. Mere declarations of rights are less important to the protection of liberty than separation of powers and checks and balances among powers. Nonetheless, when combined with institutional means to enforce them (such as independent judiciary), statements of rights help entrench the rights of individuals, especially for members of minority groups.

The most recent draft of Iraq’s bill of rights is particularly strong in a few areas. Torture is prohibited and government officials can be held responsible for violations of constitutional rights against torture, arbitrary imprisonment, or abuse. “Iraqis,” the draft states, “are all equal before the law without regard to gender, opinion, belief, nationality, religion, sect, or origin” and citizens are guaranteed “complete and unconditional right to ownership in all parts of Iraq without limitation.”

Earlier drafts of the bill of rights that subordinated individual rights to “virtue” and mandated a special role for women in family life have been amended. The earlier draft said, “The state shall take responsibility for combating moral and behavioral depravity and encourage people and agencies to spread virtue, providing it help and support.” The exercise of coercive state power in this regard would have likely been counterproductive and destabilizing. Although still far from ideal, the current draft has softened this provision: The government will simply work to “preserve [the family's] authentic Iraqi nature.”

Also, references to “social justice” have thankfully been eliminated. Prior drafts stated that “Social justice is the basis of building the [Iraqi] society” and that the “basis of the national economy is social justice.” The drafting committee seems to have realized that “social justice” can become a replacement for real justice. Real justice means rendering to every person his due. A rhetoric of social justice sets the stage for conflict among groups over privileges. That was Iraq’s unhappy history under the Baath party.

That’s progress, but there is much in the draft that would hinder the move towards a free society.

Finally, earlier drafts conflated a constitution and a legal code, and frequently subjected constitutional rights to legislative discretion through phrases such as “except by law” and “exercised in accordance with law.” That was even true of the treatment of slavery, which was prohibited, “except where allowed by law.” The new draft is legally much more clear: “Corvee [forced labor], slavery and the slave trade, and compulsory work are forbidden.”

This problem must be cleared up. A constitution enumerates and distributes powers and protects rights; legal codes organize legislation. An independent judiciary can determine whether a legislative measure or the action of a government body or official has violated those rights; stating in the constitution that the rights are only valid in so far as legislation does not abrogate them is to risk turning the bill of rights into a dead letter before it is even ratified.



Further, this draft bill of rights is in parts at war with itself. On the one hand, individual rights are asserted, including the right to ownership of property. Such ownership is capable of clear and complete definition and enforcement. On the other hand, it claims that “Iraqi citizens have the right to enjoy security, education in all its stages, health care, and social insurance.”

This raises crucial questions. What exactly is “security”? Does “security” trump individual rights?

Vague promises of “security” could perpetuate the worst aspects of the Baathist regime. Expansive promises are dangerous in a multi-ethnic, multi-religious society such as Iraq. A government that has billions of dollars to dispense in benefits will have to make decisions that will impact groups differently. An effusive promise of security is a recipe for conflict.

The rich array of cultures in Iraq, with crisscrossing patterns of ethnicity and religion (notably Muslim and Christian, Arab, Kurd, and Turkmen) can be either a source of wealth and cultural enrichment or a source of violent conflict and cultural degradation. It depends on whether a constitutional order generates social harmony through justice and freedom, or social conflict through predation and tyranny.

Can Iraq rise to this constitutional occasion?

–Williamson M. Evers is a political scientist at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution and served in Iraq in 2003 as a senior adviser to Ambassador L. Paul Bremer. Tom G. Palmer, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute, has been involved with educational reform in Iraq and addressed members of the Iraqi parliament in April on the constitutional process.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
295675,"What Boston Means for Immigration Policy

By The Editors — April 24, 2013

The Boston Marathon bombing has intensified objections to the Gang of Eight’s so-called comprehensive-immigration-reform bill, and rightly so: The terrorist attack in Boston underlines several failures in our immigration system — failures that the bill under consideration would do little or nothing to rectify and would in some cases make considerably worse.

From a domestic-policy point of view, the most critical of these failures is the failure to maintain an immigration system oriented toward assimilation — the unapologetic expectation that immigrants will be fully immersed in American life. Assimilation has important cultural and economic benefits. It also makes immigrants less likely to become Islamist terrorists. The case of Tamerlan Tsarnaev — a non-citizen, charged in 2009 with a violent crime, flagged by a foreign intelligence service as a likely Islamic radical and terror threat, who traveled abroad to jihadist hot spots before returning to the United States to carry out his attack — suggests very strongly that our screening-and-evaluations system is broken. The case of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev suggests very strongly that our ability and willingness to fully assimilate immigrants is damaged, much as the London bombings pointed toward the United Kingdom’s inability or unwillingness to assimilate its immigrants.

Assimilation was never part of the agenda for the Tsarnaev family. The bombers’ parents claimed refugee status at a time when their place of residence was Kazakhstan, where there are many ethnic Chechens and little in the way of persecution that would justify refugee status. In fact, Tsarnaev père apparently had little reason to fear persecution in Russia, either: He returned there to live, and his son Tamerlan spent an extended period of time with him there, with side trips to the Islamist hot spot of Chechnya. Tamerlan never became a U.S. citizen (his flagging by the Russian intelligence service as a likely Islamic radical prevented that), his parents had returned to Russia, and he himself was in and out of the country a great deal: not exactly a candidate for what our forebears used to quaintly describe as our national melting pot.

The Gang of Eight bill would move us away from the traditional American ideal of assimilation rather than toward it. It would grant amnesty to many illegal immigrants with a tenuous connection to the United States, and to some who are not even currently living here. At the same time it would do a great deal to increase unskilled immigration, particularly by Hispanics. And it would create a new class of “temporary” workers and their families who would be expected to be in this country but not of it, until those standards are relaxed. Combine these features of the bill and what you have is not a recipe for welcoming new Americans but for encouraging cultural and linguistic separatism.

Most illegal immigrants come here for economic reasons, of course, and not out of any desire to join our country in any larger sense. Others cross the border illegally for entirely different reasons: Among those who took advantage of the 1986 amnesty was “agricultural worker” Mahmud Abouhalima, one of the terrorists who carried out the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center. Terrorism aside, the main consequence of the 1986 amnesty was to encourage even more illegal immigration and, consequently, even less assimilation.

Rather than tighten refugee-status rules that the Tsarnaevs abused, the Gang of Eight bill would loosen them, for example by removing the one-year deadline for claiming refugee protection once on American soil and by abbreviating the review process for many such claims for protection.

Senator Lindsey Graham and other partisans of the Gang of Eight bill argue that its security provisions would help to ferret out threats. In practice, that is unlikely to be the case. Tamerlan Tsarnaev’s file should have had more red flags on it than a May Day parade, but that was not enough for the FBI to revisit his case or question his travel to Chechnya. As the 11 million illegals testify, our federal bureaucracy and law-enforcement agencies either cannot or will not enforce the immigration laws we already have on the books. The Gang of Eight bill would have them start enforcing our immigration laws — and administer a guest-worker program, and evaluate and process 11 million illegals, and improve the vetting of new immigrants. That is unlikely to prove successful. Senator Graham’s endless infomercial promises to the contrary are either cynical politics or sloppy thinking — both of which are in varying degree characteristic of the Gang of Eight’s overall approach. We would not be surprised if Senator Graham also promised that his bill would relieve lumbago and get rid of hard-to-clean grass stains.

Rather, there will be a great deal of political pressure to clear the “backlog” of legalization-seekers as quickly as possible. And though the possibility may not have occurred to Senator Graham, would-be terrorists are just as likely to take their chances staying illegal in a highly liberalized enforcement environment as to submit to federal background screening under the Gang of Eight bill.

While our piecemeal enforcement at the borders is a national scandal, those who enter the country legally but overstay their visas account for some 40 percent of illegals. The Gang of Eight bill would require the executive to establish a system of visa controls to address this problem. The problem is this: Congress passed a law requiring that very thing 17 years ago, and has on multiple occasions restated its demand that the law be enforced. So far, nothing doing. That pattern is characteristic of our immigration system in toto: a very fine collection of laws enforced in the most desultory fashion by a government beholden to business interests and ethnic lobbies hostile to the law as written. A government that was serious about restoring its credibility on the issue would at the very least get control of the border and fulfill Congress’s 17-year-old visa-control mandate without attaching a destructive amnesty to the package. Likewise, Janet Napolitano’s proposal for using improved passport technology to track those who come and go across our borders is a very fine idea on its own, no amnesty necessary. But the amnesty is the centerpiece here: To the bill’s proponents, everything else is an afterthought.

The Boston attack is far from irrelevant to the immigration debate. From the failures of law enforcement to the failures of assimilation, the case of the Tsarnaev brothers points both to what is wrong with our existing immigration system and what is wrong with the Gang of Eight’s plan to reform it.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
105396,"The Greatest Showman and Darkest Hour: Showmanship and Leadership

The P. T. Barnum movie soft-peddles exploitation; the Churchill biopic carves out a new approach to true heroism.

By Armond White — January 19, 2018

The Greatest Showman, about Phineas T. Barnum, is interesting mostly for its politics while Darkest Hour, about Winston Churchill, is ideological theater. That may seem topsy-turvy but it reflects the fact that we have entered a strange (dark?) period in which show business flaunts its politics.

Neither film is the historical biography you expect: Barnum’s bootstrap entrepreneurship is romanticized into a family-friendly movie musical starring Hugh Jackman, strutting about among an America’s Got Talent array of motley performers who represent some trendy demography. Churchill’s ascension to Britain’s prime ministership at the onset of World War II, after Neville Chamberlain’s unpopular appeasement to the Axis powers, is acted out by Gary Oldman, who ascends from his previous counterculture parts to a conventional Establishment role signifying Great Actor Versatility.

Both The Greatest Showman and Darkest Hour are conceived for skeptics, with directors Michael Gracey and Joe Wright (respectively) suspending disbelief in order to convey messages that are pertinent to our modern political-cultural tensions.

For instance, it’s generally accepted that Barnum never actually said the line popularly attributed to him — “There’s a sucker born every minute.” But this film redeems Barnum, the huckster extraordinaire, as a proper subject of millennial celebrity worship, a phenomenon in which famous rich people are not only accepted as role models but presented as paragons. In a weak, diversionary subplot, Barnum resists temptation by ruthless diva Jenny Lind (Rebecca Ferguson) and stays true to the dull housewife (Michelle Williams) whose wealthy background inspired him. This is key to the film’s method of reworking cynicism while, in fact, it cynically suckers viewers into hagiographic admiration.

The Greatest Showman’s sentimentality brings to mind Robert Altman and Alan Rudolph’s Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull’s History Lesson (1976), which is the greatest, least sentimental film ever made about the political origins and secret idiosyncrasy of American show business. Yet, instead of subjecting Barnum to Altman and Rudolph’s political scrutiny, screenwriter Bill Condon (associated with some of the worst movies this century — Dreamgirls, Kinsey, the Twilight: Breaking Dawn films) turns the showman’s innovations in advertising and public manipulation into models of humanitarianism. This is showbiz demagoguery.

Barnum’s success depended upon the exploitation of social outcasts — lowly citizens with behavioral eccentricities and physical deformities that he promoted as carnival attractions. Presenting them in production numbers designed as celebrations of brotherhood is Condon’s own, obvious condescension. As intro to the Oscar-bound tune “This Is Me,” a rotund, biracial bearded lady (Keala Settle), heading the chorus line of “freaks,” tells Barnum: “You gave us a family. This was our real home.” Nothing is necessarily wrong with her gratitude except that she and the chorus exist only to be mawkish and beg for our approval through the PC redefinition of “family.”

Barnum’s success depended upon the exploitation of social outcasts — lowly citizens with behavioral eccentricities and physical deformities that he promoted as carnival attractions.

It was funny to see Zac Efron fit right into the insanity of the Golden Globes as he introduced a clip from The Greatest Showman and tried hard not to describe Barnum as the proprietor of a circus. (“I sell virtue” Jackman’s despot brags, like a politician disguising his campaign for votes.) In the movie, Efron plays the rich white kid who wants to rebel and so falls in love with the pink-haired black aerialist Zendaya. They circle each other singing “Rewrite the Stars,” the closest to a romantic moment in a film that ignores the subject of exploitation — the practice Barnum developed into show business, our combined religion and political party.

*****

Former special-effects supervisor Gracey directs The Greatest Showman like an extended music video, combining American Idol–style songs with brass arrangements and choreography that imitate Michael Jackson videos, all mashed into the nonsense extravagance of Baz Luhrmann’s Moulin Rouge. It’s a fantasy world with timely, politicized F/X, and that’s what connects The Greatest Showman to Darkest Hour.

The political intrigue inside Britain’s power structure — from Parliament to Buckingham Palace — gives Darkest Hour a déjà vu quality. Churchill’s inevitable victory over the entrenched ideological prejudices of the established order strikes a contemporary viewer as stylized allegory. It challenges: Can today’s globalist moviegoers still care about the free world’s fate during WWII, the idea of war and preserving nationhood, now that patriotism is deemed unfashionable?

Oldman’s Churchill huffs and puffs his cigar less showily than fans of scenery-chewing will expect. His characterization has been filtered though Mike Leigh rigor rather than Masterpiece Theatre sycophancy. The “fight on the beaches” speech isn’t distanced as in Christopher Nolan’s post-patriotic Dunkirk, yet Oldman’s intensity contains unexpected reserve; it is nobility minus sanctimony. A stunned parliamentarian observes, “He just mobilized the English language and sent it into war!” Bertolt Brecht would appreciate that summation.

Wright imagines Churchill in actual conversation with ‘the people’ rather than lecturing them that ‘that’s not who we are!’

Joe Wright always directs in grand gestures (as in his maddeningly idiosyncratic Anna Karenina), and this film, with its chronological on-screen countdown, virtually parodies Spielberg’s agitprop in Lincoln. Instead of celebrating chicanery as Spielberg and Tony Kushner did, Wright celebrates the great-man-of-the-people theory of history. Wright’s canniest moment, in which the new, harried prime minister escapes Parliament and sneaks into the Underground, reveals Brexit-era populism as the film’s true theme. Our jaded, post-Obama media have poisoned the plausibility of this gesture, yet Darkest Hour initiates a genuine, modern approach to political heroism and the Western sagacity that is out of favor. Wright imagines Churchill in actual conversation with “the people” rather than lecturing them that “that’s not who we are!”

Bulldog Churchill sold a different kind of virtue. Through Wright’s showmanship, Darkest Hour is not jingoism; it is a politically aware, reflective performance.

*****

The Fishwrap of Record ’s review of Darkest Hour ended with scorn, questioning the film’s appeal to nationhood, then snidely adding, “But we have nothing to be proud of.” This was also demagoguery — infecting the arts pages with editorial-page sedition — and it reminded me that Condon’s best line in The Greatest Showman is Barnum’s rejection of a disingenuous reviewer: “All the snobs in New York read him. He does their thinking for them.” To appreciate the confounding political strategies of The Greatest Show and Darkest Hour requires that viewers think for themselves.

— Armond White is the author of New Position: The Prince Chronicles, at Amazon.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
284702,"In Defense of Drones

A recent U.N. report has it wrong — drones save lives, and we’re still in a global war with jihadists.

By Tom Rogan — October 21, 2013

On Thursday, the U.N.’s special rapporteur on drone warfare released his interim report.

It’s worth reading.

Although his findings are provisional, Ben Emmerson has done something important. He’s codified the casual delusion that has come to infect the drone debate. Emmerson is ignorant about both the international jihadist threat and the utility of the drone platforms, and his fallacies take root in three distinct areas.

His first is in regard to Pakistani sovereignty.

Here, Emmerson suggests that without the Pakistani government’s blessing, U.S. drone operations are likely to constitute “unlawful” “aggression.” On paper it’s so simple: Pakistan is the the United States’ counterterrorism partner, and its sovereignty is therefore inviolable.

Unfortunately, this notion ends at the paper’s edge. Yes, Pakistan renders invaluable counterterrorism support to the United States. Since 9/11, Pakistan’s primary intelligence service, the ISI, has helped capture dozens of terrorist leaders. Simultaneously, however, the ISI supports those same groups, including al-Qaeda and the Taliban.

The ludicrous story of al-Qaeda operations officer Rashid Rauf encapsulates this contradiction. In 2006, Rauf was detained by the ISI on the direct request of Michael Hayden, who was then the director of the CIA. After managing previous atrocities, Rauf, as al-Qaeda’s control officer for the 2006 transatlantic liquid-bomb plot, was on the cusp of becoming the operational heir to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. He was a driven ideologue, but one savvy to Western culture and skilled in terrorist tradecraft — in short, a man capable of killing on a 9/11 scale. Again, in terms of U.S.-Pakistani cooperation, his arrest looked good on paper. But then something happened. In December 2007, Rauf’s guards allowed him to escape. The mastermind was back in action. At that point the U.S. had two choices: to gamble that Rauf wouldn’t succeed in murdering more innocents, or to confront him with force.

In late 2008, Rauf was killed in a drone strike, as were a number of other al-Qaeda operations officers with whom he had been meeting.

In Rauf’s story lies a basic point. Like Emmerson, many legal observers base their analysis of sovereignty on a false premise: that friends and foes are neatly delineated. As the ISI’s Jekyll and Hyde character proves, this is not always true. An expansive notion of extraterritorial self-defense is intrinsic to a counterterrorism policy that’s rational.

On to delusion number two: Emmerson’s notion that the U.S. drone program degrades humanitarian norms. He demands that the U.S. release civilian-casualty figures and its method of calculating them. Emmerson also concludes that “in any case in which civilians have been, or appear to have been, killed, the State responsible is under an obligation to conduct a prompt, independent and impartial fact-finding inquiry and to provide a detailed public explanation.” Emmerson’s meaning is clear: The United States is neglecting its humanitarian duties. He’s wrong.

Let’s be clear: Humanitarianism is a prerequisite of lawful, strategically viable counterterrorism. This is especially true in the conduct of intelligence operations beyond the eye of public scrutiny. Still, as it relates to counterterrorism, ill-focused oversight is the enemy of humanitarianism. As CNN’s Peter Bergen has noted, technological advancements have given drone operators a much-improved targeting capability relative to their predecessors before 2009. Able to quietly watch an individual or group for many hours, operators can more carefully determine whether to use lethal force — drones actually mitigate civilian risks. Interestingly, albeit in a heavily qualified manner, Emmerson hints at the same conclusion: “Remotely piloted aircraft are capable of reducing the risk of civilian casualties in armed conflict by significantly improving the situational awareness of military commanders.”

There’s a broader point here. Drone critics condemn those platforms because the pilots are supposedly “armchair warriors playing video games,” turning their fetish into a perverse, corporeal reality at great cost in human lives. The opposite is true: Remote-control technology saves innocent lives. And grounding the drones would greatly endanger them.

Drone critics also claim that a civilian criminal process — arrest, extradition, and trial — would satisfy U.S. national-security imperatives. Even setting aside my point on the Jekyll and Hyde ISI, the facts destroy that supposition. When it comes to effective counterterrorism, whether concerning al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, Al-Shabab, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISI/L), al-Qaeda Core, or any number of other transnational jihadist groups, civilian legal mechanisms, taken alone, are grossly inadequate. Jihadists gravitate toward ungoverned, geographically remote locales for a reason — these areas put them beyond judicial reach.

So, if civilian law enforcement won’t work, what options are left besides drones?

There’s only one: ground forces. As illustrated by the recent SEAL raid in Somalia, ground forces can play a critical counterterrorism role in capturing individuals and intelligence material. Yet regularly applying ground forces in an extraterritorial capacity isn’t feasible. Such an approach would mean a high probability of significant U.S. military casualties and a far lower probability of mission success (see Somalia). In addition, images of American forces on Pakistani or Yemeni soil wouldn’t exactly be conducive to the civil stability of those nations.

This raises the final question: What if we rule out using force altogether?

From a humanitarian point of view, that would be a catastrophic choice. Consider the UK, which has long faced a substantial terrorist threat. Since 9/11, most major plots against the United Kingdom have been organized by terrorists who trained, or who sought training, in one place: the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of northwest Pakistan. It’s no coincidence that most drone strikes have targeted jihadists in the FATA. Doing nothing would allow plots to ferment. Counterterrorism would be left to the last line of defense — domestic law enforcement. That’s an invitation to disaster. To pursue the two most important humanitarian goals — the protection of life and the preservation of democratic society — we must effectively confront transnational terrorist groups. Drones allow for that.

Emmerson’s third delusion is his notion that military force by definition might be an unlawful counterterrorism tool.

Here, he centers his argument in highly problematic postulations. He states that “there is . . . considerable doubt as to whether the various armed groups operating under the name of Al-Qaida . . . share an integrated command structure or mount joint military operations.” Therefore, he suggests, the U.S. drone program is excessive in reach.

On this point, although al-Qaeda has percolated into various affiliates, the influence of al-Qaeda Core remains profound. This is true both in terms of operational guidance (see al-Zawahiri/al-Wuhayshi) and strategic vision. Beyond al-Qaeda, global logistical networks are integral to the operational capacity of Salafi jihadist groups — this is a genuine movement. Unified by common ideology, these groups are flexible in their affiliated action (consider ISI/L’s burgeoning transnationalism). Most important, as I wrote recently for National Review, they share an aligned strategy: applying violence in pursuit of a global theocracy.

If we recognize this reality, neglecting to use force against the movement would be an act of inexcusable strategic idiocy.

In his effort to cast military force as unlawful, Emmerson further postulates that owing to “the lapse of time since the devastating attacks on the United States in 2001, and the relative infrequency of organized armed attacks on the United States since then . . . the intensity criterion is no longer met.” Armed conflict is no longer warranted because the conflict has abated.

This is a regurgitation of the most ridiculous of all anti-drone arguments: the proposal that because the U.S. and its allies have successfully prevented spectacular attacks since 9/11, the threat is exaggerated. The perverse correlate is that if a nightclub full of young Londoners, or a shopping center full of families, or a cosmopolitan city, or the New York subway system, or eight (or more) passenger planes, or Times Square had become factories of death, then perhaps, just perhaps, the threat would warrant using force. Absurd. The skill (and luck) of counterterrorism services does not determine the nature of the threat. To embrace such a principle is the equivalent of treating cancer only when it becomes terminal.

Ultimately, Emmerson’s report lays bare a deeper point: The memory of 9/11 has receded from our minds. A dangerous false moralism has risen in its place. We obsess about the NSA, but we ignore the threat of international terrorism, especially Salafi jihadism, at our peril. This is not hyperbole — just consider what happened this weekend at a café in Iraq and at a wedding in Egypt and on a road in Nigeria.

If we care about protecting innocent lives, the U.S. drone program must continue.

— Tom Rogan is a blogger based in Washington, D.C., and a contributor to TheWeek.com and the Guardian.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
701168,"Re: Kevin Phillips, The Bushes & Schweizers

By Steven F. Hayward — March 30, 2004

Folks in the DC area can come see Peter and Rochelle talk about their new book on a panel I am hosting for them at AEI next Thursday, April 8, at 10 a.m. Noemie Emery, who also writes keenly on political dynasties, will also be on the panel as a discussant. Check the AEI website for details and registration.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
705236,"Re: Slut-gate and Gentlemanliness

By Jason Lee Steorts — March 3, 2012

Dan, I agree with what you say, and would add a fourth, albeit an obvious, point: that Limbaugh’s comments are a stumbling block for opponents of the HHS mandate. They have shifted focus away from the religious-freedom debate [update: also the market-freedom debate] and created a useful victim for the Left. (This has been possible because people are insufficiently cognizant of your second point.)",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
703102,"Obama’s Food-Stamp Fizzle

By Nicole Gelinas — August 21, 2011

After ten months of study, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has “rejected Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg’s proposal to bar New York City’s food stamp users from buying soda and other sugary drinks with their benefits,” the Times reports.

Mayor Bloomberg’s proposal was a sound one — an idea that conservatives as well as liberals should have embraced, as I wrote back in June.

Liberals should have agreed that federal taxpayers have no business encouraging poor mothers to “feed” their kids liquid sugar. (Nothing wrong with soda — but it’s not a product that should fall under a “nutritional assistance” subsidy.)

Conservatives should have appreciated the fact that as food-stamp use soars — up 50 percent in New York from three years ago — it’s important to make sure that every dollar taken from stretched taxpayers goes toward food. A dollar that a mother spends on soda is a dollar that she doesn’t spend on milk or chicken.

Conservatives should also have encouraged the kind of bottom-up local experimentation to cut costs and improve results that Bloomberg was suggesting. The mayor had proposed a two-year experiment, to see if cutting government subsidization of soda trimmed obesity. If it hadn’t worked after two years, the USDA could have cancelled it.

Few politicians stuck up for the mayor’s proposal, though. Members of the Congressional Black Caucus, an arm of which gets money from the soda lobby, said the plan would stigmatize the poor.

The USDA’s reason for its rejection shows how it, too, was cowed. Bureaucrats said that the proposal was “too large and complex.” That’s a paraphrase straight from the industry, which said, as the Times put it a few months back, that treating soda differently from other foods “would create a logistical bottleneck at checkout counters.”

Hogwash. Supermarkets and other food stores have long sold both “food-stamp eligible” goods and goods not covered by food stamps (everything from soap to cat food). When I worked at a supermarket in the early 1990s, it took the click of one button to subtotal the two categories separately. Retail technology has only improved since then.

At any rate, stores can always opt out of the food-stamp program if they find its requirements too onerous. This program isn’t mandatory, but voluntary, for retailers.

With the government borrowing 40 cents out of every dollar it spends, not one of those dollars should go toward a sweet drink in the name of nutrition. Water is free. Congress’s new deficit-reduction super-committee could start here.

Also . . . what will Michelle Obama say?

— Nicole Gelinas is a contributing editor to the Manhattan Institute’s City Journal.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704910,"Plus one article on Google Plus

The China Aid Association, an advocacy group for Chinese Christians, is reporting new crackdowns on underground churches. You can read more here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719259,"President Obama more and more gives the impression that he has lost contact with the real world, or maybe has no interest in it. He is busy promoting the enemies of the United States and demoting its allies. This self-damaging policy has no sense and therefore no precedent. A case in point: He advises the United Kingdom to vote in a forthcoming referendum to remain in the European Union. This seems a failure to understand that the EU sees itself as a potential counterweight to the United States, and accordingly rests on anti-American ideology capable one day of doing immense harm. Inside the EU, the British voice will be absolutely lost, a minority of one, in no position to influence the 27 others in the majority to change their mind. Or could it be that Obama intends to destroy the “special relationship,” that relic from the time of Churchill and Roosevelt?

Prime Minister Cameron is using every campaigning trick to persuade the country to remain within the EU, and Obama is supposedly due to come and support him in person. At which moment, Obama chooses to criticize him with a contempt also senseless and unprecedented in the comments of one head of a democratic state on another. In the course of a 19,000-word article by Jeffrey Goldberg in The Atlantic, Obama blames Cameron for the present chaos in Libya, because he was “distracted by something else” or in plain language isn’t up to the job. In the event that Obama does arrive for speechifying with Cameron, the country is more than likely to vote against whatever this unfathomable pair might recommend.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207211,"Welfare Recipients Aren’t the Only Government Dependents

By Veronique de Rugy — October 19, 2012

As was noted on the Corner yesterday, total means-tested welfare spending has now reached $1 trillion. That’s a 32 percent increase in the last four year.

While some of that rise is the result of the weak economy and the lack of a recovery, much of the increase at this point can traced back to expansion in eligibility for these programs. That’s certainly the case for the two largest low-income assistance programs: Medicaid ($296 billion in 2011, 40 percent of the federal total) and food stamps ($75 billion in 2011, 10 percent of the federal total).

But welfare recipients aren’t the only Americans increasingly dependent on government. Many businesses and other special interests, such as union members, count on government largesse to make ends meet, and in some cases, to prosper and grow at the expense of taxpayers.

On that point, the Wall Street Journal has a piece this morning about the 2009 government-assisted Chrysler bankruptcy and its main beneficiaries. Indiana Republican senate candidate Richard Mourdock opposed the Chrysler bailout at the time is now being hammered by the Democrats for do so.

Democratic Congressman Joe Donnelly is pounding Mr. Mourdock for opposing the 2009 government-assisted Chrysler bankruptcy. The Democrat and liberal SuperPACs like American Bridge are claiming that Mr. Mourdock wanted to “kill” the Chrysler reorganization, and had he succeeded he would have “put 100,000 Indiana jobs at risk.” Joe Biden has a word for this, and it’s earthier than malarkey. As Mr. Mourdock can attest, the Washington-directed Chrysler bankruptcy was also about paying off Democratic constituencies at the expense of everyone else. As state Treasurer, Mr. Mourdock is the fiduciary responsible for state funds, including two pension funds (for cops and teachers) and a transportation fund that in 2009 had $42.5 million invested in Chrysler debt. The funds had even paid a premium to gain “secured” status, in order to guarantee that they would be first in line to get repaid in a bankruptcy.

As the Cato Institute’s Dan Ikenson adds, “if you want a first hand account of the strong-arm tactics, threats, and intimidation employed by the White House to get its own Chrysler bankruptcy plan rubber stamped through the process in 2009, you will want to see this video of Mourdock speaking at a Cato event. It is truthful and chilling.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
685482,"Joe Still Can’t Get No Respect

By Daniel Foster — December 17, 2009

About a half hour ago, Sen. Joe Lieberman was making remarks on Medicare on the Senate floor when his allotted time expired. As is standard practice in the Senate, Lieberman asked the chair for a few minutes of additional time to conclude, “without objection.”

But the presiding officer, one Sen. Al Franken, said no. “In my capacity as Senator from Minnesota, I object.”

Lieberman laughed. “Really? Okay, I don’t take it personally.”

But John McCain did. Rising to defend Lieberman he told Franken that in 20-plus years in the Senate, he’d never seen a member denied an extra minute or two of floor time.

“I don’t know what’s happening here in this body,” McCain said, “but I think it is wrong.”

Don’t get us started.

UPDATE: Here is the video







",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
26920,"For months the inflation hawks have been decrying the upward price of gold and the weakening dollar — both historic signals that prices are headed up. They’ve made the loud argument that inflation is on the way, and to stave it off the Federal Reserve must raise interest rates — quickly and by a good amount.

At least for now, they are flat out wrong: The latest consumer-price index, which arrived this week, shows a tiny 1.1 percent increase over the last twelve months. One core measure registered an anemic 0.6 percent rate.

While the CPI is surely a backward-looking inflation indicator, forward-looking gold dropped over $13 to $408 on the news. The 10-year Treasury bond has dropped below 4 percent instead of rising over 5 percent. This is a big surprise. “Inflation is not even a remote risk in the U.S.,” according to Fed governor and former Princeton economist Ben Bernanke.

Gold is actually not so high. In constant dollar terms, today’s gold price is only $383, a far cry from the gold and inflation spiral of 25 years ago. So there’s not a boatload of excess money out there.

The weak-dollar argument being used by the inflation hawks also appears to be bottoming out. The Europeans are getting set to put a lid on the appreciation of the euro, which has been hammering the dollar and holding back their economy. It’s likely the European Central Bank will intervene in favor of the dollar and cut their overnight-policy rate — presently at 2 percent — by a quarter or even a half percent. Any turnaround in the greenback will be slow, but it could well appreciate by 10 percent or more this year.

Of course, the U.S. economy is growing rapidly, while the Euros are hardly growing at all. U.S. retail sales closed the year up 6.7 percent, with overall real consumer spending up about 4 percent. Since the end of 2002, U.S. real gross domestic product has risen about 41/2 percent, business investment about 81/2 percent, productivity roughly 5 percent, and profits about 30 percent. Stocks are roaring. Eurozone economies have nothing even remotely close to this American performance.

Meanwhile, low tax rates, price stability, and steady-as-you-go interest rates in the U.S. will produce another year of spectacular growth. Seeing this, even Democrats in Iowa have taken to trashing each other instead of the Bush boom.

The economy and the stock market will continue to vote for President Bush this election year. That means low tax rates will remain low; trade liberalization will expand in the Western Hemisphere and perhaps worldwide; and more incentives for tax-free saving and investing — including personal-savings-account choices for Social Security enrollees — will spring from a Bush second term. In addition, healthcare plans will continue to lean toward private-sector competition, rather than a government-sponsored takeover, and education testing and choice will remain on the path of reform.

The dirty little secret is that the Bush tax cuts are working. “Today the economy is strong, and it is getting stronger,” Bush recently told a group in New Orleans. The economy is back from the dead, and investors are very pleased about the wealth rebound in stock prices. In the past two election cycles, two of every three voters owned stocks. A recent poll from Investors Business Daily shows that economic optimism is up from 50 percent to 60 percent, while trends in presidential leadership and the direction of the country point firmly in the same direction.

Importantly, the IBD poll also shows that 62 percent of Hispanic voters approve of Bush, which is equal to his standing with whites. This new mark is up 6 points from December, and is undoubtedly linked to Bush’s sensible proposal for an expanded guest-worker immigration plan.

The most recent USA Today/Gallup survey corroborates the IBD’s findings. According to Gallup, Bush’s favorability and job-approval ratings have nearly rebounded back to the 60 percent mark. For the first time, the public registered 41 percent to 35 percent approval of the president’s tax cuts. And on foreign affairs, the president’s approval rating on both Iraq and the overall war on terror is favorable by nearly 2 to 1.

In short, the Democrats on the campaign trail have virtually nothing to run on. The president has stolen their bacon on national security, the economy, healthcare, education, and immigration. He has done so with a reform agenda on domestic issues and a tough, clear-headed approach to foreign policy.

Bush will win easily in November as long as he stays on message. And that victory by itself will raise entrepreneurial spirits to promote still more prosperity.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
902400,"Denying Alliance

Democratic candidates love to attack Bush’s foreign policy.

By Charles Krauthammer — November 16, 2007

When the Democratic presidential candidates pause from beating Hillary with a stick, they join in unison to pronounce the Democratic pieties, chief among which is that George Bush has left our alliances in ruins. As Clinton puts it, we have “alienated our friends,” must “rebuild our alliances” and “restore our standing in the world.” That’s mild. The others describe Bush as having a scorched-earth foreign policy that has left us reviled and isolated in the world.

Like Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid, who insist that nothing of significance has changed in Iraq, the Democrats are living in what Bob Woodward would call a state of denial. Do they not notice anything?

France has a new president who is breaking not just with the anti-Americanism of the Chirac era but with 50 years of Fifth Republic orthodoxy that defined French greatness as operating in counterpoise to America. Nicolas Sarkozy’s trip last week to the United States was marked by a highly successful White House visit and a rousing speech to Congress in which he not only called America “the greatest nation in the world” (how many leaders of any country say that about another?) but pledged solidarity with the U.S. on Afghanistan, Iran, Lebanon, the Middle East, and nuclear nonproliferation. This just a few months after he sent his foreign minister to Iraq to signal an openness to cooperation and an end to Chirac’s reflexive obstructionism.

That’s France. In Germany, Gerhard Schroeder is long gone, voted out of office and into a cozy retirement as Putin’s concubine at Gazprom. His successor is the decidedly pro-American Angela Merkel, who concluded an unusually warm visit with Bush this week.

All this, beyond the ken of Democrats, is duly noted by new British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, who in an interview with Sky News on Sunday noted “the great change that is taking place,” namely “that France and Germany and the European Union are also moving more closely with America.”

As for our other traditional alliances, relations with Australia are very close, and Canada has shown remarkable steadfastness in taking disproportionate casualties in supporting the NATO mission in Afghanistan. Eastern European nations, traditionally friendly, are taking considerable risks on behalf of their U.S. alliance — for example, cooperating with us on missile defense in the face of enormous Russian pressure. And ties with Japan have never been stronger, with Tokyo increasingly undertaking military and quasi-military obligations that it had forsworn for the last half-century.

So much for the disarray of our alliances.

The critics will say that all this is simply attributable to the rise of Russia and China causing old allies to turn back to us out of need.

So? I would even add that the looming prospect of a nuclear Iran has caused Arab states — Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, the Gulf states, even Libya — to rally to us. All true. And it makes the point that the Bush critics have missed for years — that the strength of alliances is heavily dependent on the objective balance of international forces, and has very little to do with the syntax of the U.S. president or the disdain in which he might be held by a country’s cultural elites.

It’s classic balance-of-power theory: Weaker nations turn to the great outside power to help them balance a rising regional threat. Allies are not sentimental about their associations. It is not a matter of affection, but of need — and of the great power’s ability to deliver.

What’s changed in the last year? Bush’s dress and diction remain the same. But he did change generals — and counterinsurgency strategy — in Iraq. As a result, Iraq has gone from an apparently lost cause to a winnable one.

The rise of external threats to our allies has concentrated their minds on the need for the American connection. The revival of American fortunes in Iraq — and the diminished prospect of an American rout — have significantly increased the value of such a connection. This is particularly true among our moderate Arab allies who see us as their ultimate protection against an Iran-Syria-Hezbollah-Hamas axis that openly threatens them all.

It’s always uncomfortable for a small power to rely on a hegemon. But a hegemon on the run is even worse. Alliances are always shifting. But one thing we can say with certainty: The event that will have more effect than any other on the strength of our alliances worldwide is not another Karen Hughes outreach to the Muslim world, not an ostentatious embrace of Kyoto, or even the most abject embrace of internationalism from the podium of the U.N. It is success or failure in Iraq.

© 2007, The Washington Post Writers Group",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
77875,"Editor’s Note: The following article is adapted from one that ran in the July 20, 2015, issue of National Review.

Corning, Iowa — There are 40 chairs set out in the foyer of the Corning Opera House. For the record, Corning, Iowa, does not seem like a big opera town. Just 1,600 people live here, and just 4,000 stouthearted Iowans reside in Adams County, making it the least populous county in the Hawkeye State. For a political event, 40 chairs should be plenty.

By the time Ben Carson begins to speak, at 8:30 a.m. on a June Friday, some 130 people have arrived. We’ve abandoned the foyer for the opera house itself, where the crowd takes up every seat on the main floor and has forced a handful of listeners into the balcony.

This is my fifth stop with Dr. Ben Carson, neurosurgeon, New York Times bestselling author, Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient, and now Republican presidential candidate, and this is not a new experience. In Rock Rapids, in Sioux Center, in Missouri Valley, in Lamoni (that’s luh-MOAN-eye), they’ve also underestimated. Former Texas governor Rick Perry recently spoke to about 40 people at Frontier Bank in Rock Rapids, so planners figured that, for Carson’s appearance, two pots of coffee should be plenty. Eighty-five people showed, at 8 a.m. on a Thursday, some from across the South Dakota border.

RELATED: Ben Carson on the Learning Curve of a Candidate

The quadrennial first-in-the-nation Republican caucus being something of a pastime in these parts, there are plenty of attendees with plans to hear — if they haven’t already — any candidate who might swing through. But in Carson’s case, there is clearly also raw celebrity at work. He enters to standing ovations, and finishes to larger ones. Nearly everyone gets in the receiving line. Many have a copy of one of his books — Gifted Hands, America the Beautiful, One Nation (he’s penned seven, pick your favorite) — and one member of his advance team has become his unofficial receiving-line photographer.

We’re a ways from February 1, when Iowa’s Republican caucus-goers will gather, but the Carson team is in good spirits. As of the end of August, the RealClearPolitics average has Carson in second place nationally, in a field of 17 candidates — up from fourth place at the end of June. He is in second place in both Iowa and South Carolina, too. Had Donald Trump not entered the race, he might well be leading.

“The pundits all said it couldn’t be done, that Carson can’t possibly be successful,” he tells audiences. “Right now all their heads are exploding.”

You do not have to spend much time at a Carson event to begin catching on to key words and phrases. The most important of them: “common sense.” One supporter after another: “He speaks common sense,” “It’s common sense,” “He just makes sense.” Common sense is apparently not at all common in Washington, D.C., which, people seem to agree, operates primarily on nonsense.

“Washington,” here, is a term of opprobrium. It’s applied rather loosely by Carson supporters: to Bush and to Perry, for example, neither of whom has worked in the federal city. But you get the point: They’re politicians. “I am not a politician,” Carson emphasizes, “and I never will be.” His best applause lines are about “politicians.” “Now, the political elites in Washington say, ‘You can’t give health-savings accounts to poor people! They’re too stupid to use them!’” He is talking about his proposed Obamacare alternative. “But that’s because the politicians think all people are like them.” It’s a good line, it suits Carson’s understated sense of humor, and it makes the crucial point: He’s the Anti-Politician.

RELATED: Ben Carson’s Stump Speeches Are Pretty Odd

Politicians are beholden to special interests and self-interest. They bend to lobbyists, to big money, and to sheer ambition. By contrast, Carson’s campaign has received hundreds of thousands of donations in the last few months; two-thirds have been for less than $200. No billionaires here. And as for ambition, he says, “I don’t want to be president.” He’s Cincinnatus, called from his plough to save the republic.

There is an interesting contrast between Carson’s rhetorical style — mild-mannered, low-affect; a surgeon’s calm — and his content, which is blunt and apocalyptic.

And Carson is clear that it needs saving. There is an interesting contrast between Carson’s rhetorical style — mild-mannered, low-affect; a surgeon’s calm — and his content, which is blunt and apocalyptic: If we do not act now, America as we know it will cease to exist. President Obama and the progressive Left have done their best to destroy the nation from within. Our financial instability (Carson notes the $200 trillion–plus in unfunded liabilities) increases the likelihood that the dollar will cease to be the world’s reserve currency, at which point we can expect economic catastrophe, while our military drawdown has made us more vulnerable than ever before to an attack on our electrical grid or to a nuclear attack by radical jihadists. If things were not so dire, Carson says, he would have retired to the golf course. But things are dire.

This style makes Carson “genuine,” “authentic,” “a breath of fresh air.” Things are not all right; unlike politicians, Carson will say so; and he has “commonsense” solutions to pull America back from the brink.

Carol, whom I meet in Missouri Valley, is making a point of hearing as many Republican candidates as she can manage. She attended the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition’s April dinner in Waukee, where Republican voters heard speeches from Ted Cruz, Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee, Bobby Jindal, Rand Paul, Rick Perry, Marco Rubio, Rick Santorum, and Scott Walker. When Carson finishes, she turns to me: “Wow.”

In my 48 hours stalking the candidate, I never have the “Wow” experience. On general principles, most Republican voters would not disagree with Carson: President Obama and his coterie have been fiscally profligate, Obamacare has transformed the relationship between state and citizen, we have turned our back on crucial allies in favor of dangerous and untrustworthy regimes, etc. But he has a way of hitting odd, uncomfortable, and over-the-top notes.

References to “socialism” and “totalitarianism” creep into his speeches (an oblique reminder that he has said contemporary America is “very much like Nazi Germany”). He talks about the “wars” the president has tried to stir up: “race wars” and “age wars.” He recommends framing policies not as “conservative” or “liberal,” but as “pro-American” or “anti-American.” Even if you know what he’s getting at, it’s a bit much.

Get Free Exclusive NR Content

Carson does not deliver a stump speech, exactly, as much as touch on a handful of points, complemented by a set of anecdotes and historical allusions (a Daniel Webster quote here, a Thomas Jefferson citation there), in a loosely structured 15- to 30-minute address. Perhaps it feels “genuine,” but it also can feel meandering and undisciplined. At the Lamoni Community Center, one-third of the way through his remarks, he tells at length the story of Francis Scott Key at Fort McHenry. At the Fruited Plain Café in Sioux Center, he ends his address talking about the need for enhanced defense capabilities because of the possibility of a nuclear strike in the exoatmosphere. His answers to audience questions can be wandering. In Corning, a question about reducing the number of government employees turns into a discourse on his plans for the Department of Education. You can see how he got from A to B, but there was no particular reason to make the journey. And some questions he simply does not answer. He is asked twice about how he would work with Democrats in Congress. His answer is that we need to elect more Republicans to the House and Senate.

RELATED: Ben Carson: It’s Not Politics or Economics, It’s the Culture

For all his appeal, Carson lacks polish. His language is a bit too blunt; his sentences perambulate. This works in front of already-sympathetic listeners, but it will be a vulnerability as the primary field narrows, pitting Carson against tougher questioners and feistier opponents. And it would be self-immolating in a general-election campaign, when hostile media will be searching for every off-pitch statement and a candidate must capture voters who, though they disagree with President Obama, do not think him a proto-Mussolini.

Still, Carson’s rise is noteworthy. The intrepid Outsider is a recurring type in American politics. But Carson does not fit into any obvious mold. He is not, for instance, Steve Forbes, who staked his name on one idea, the flat tax. He is not Dwight Eisenhower or Wesley Clark, who staked their fitness for office on their battlefield service. He is not Pat Buchanan, who set out to redefine conservatism. He is Ben Carson, phenomenon sui generis.

God is a big part of Carson’s campaign. Carson says that God was the surgeon, while he was just the hands, and that his presidential aspirations are dependent upon the Lord’s continued blessing. It’s not just a rhetorical flourish: Carson would model his revised tax code on the Biblical tithe.

RELATED: Ben Carson, Marriage Champion

Carson’s religion and his political career have always been intertwined. Indeed, Carson’s political stardom was made by a single morning: the 2013 National Prayer Breakfast, when, addressing the annual gathering for the second time (the only other two-time speaker: the Reverend Billy Graham), Carson offered a frankly conservative talk about the problems with Obamacare and the dangers of political correctness — unmistakably, if gracefully, dressing down the event’s guest of honor, the president of the United States, seated to his right.

Two years later, Carson seems to some tailor-made for the moment. Among a certain part of the Republican electorate the desire for someone who will stand up to political status quo has grown desperate (Donald Trump is the latest beneficiary of this desire, though his cohort of supporters is not identical with Carson’s). Government has become alarmingly invasive, the bureaucracy notoriously partisan, a whole bevy of agencies hideously corrupt; America’s reputation and influence abroad have diminished, allowing for the rise of a host of malevolent forces; cultural progressivism, with the full backing of the Democratic party, has abandoned compromise for raw force, and proved that it will cheerfully extirpate First Amendment rights to secure the concocted rights of sexual liberation; race relations have degraded. Christian conservatives, especially, see a federal government that has demanded to evaluate prayers and Facebook posts, an administration that makes theological excuses for Islamic terrorism, a secular left-wing culture that would crush an Indiana pizza shop on the basis of a hypothetical question, and media keen to exploit (or manufacture) racial divisions. All of this has been promoted, presided over, or prodded on by Barack Obama, who promised to “heal” and to “unite.” Carson seems the antithesis of this president. Serene, plain-spoken, expressly Christian — in a time of political corruption, he is a citizen-servant, and in a time of moral degradation, a spiritual leader.

But if the Outsider is one type in American politics, the Messiah is another. And to a messianic politics, conservatives — especially Christian conservatives, inclined to see themselves and their God as persecuted or cast into exile — are particularly susceptible.

Salvation is not afforded by the Oval Office, and those who think it is are destined for despair. The presidency is a job — a big, important, difficult job, but a job nonetheless, with enumerated and implied powers articulated in a constitution. Conservatives would do well to remember that. A man might be correct about fundamental principles and about America’s future; he might be intelligent and accomplished; he might be a man of integrity and good will; and he might still be the wrong man for the job.

— Ian Tuttle is a William F. Buckley Jr. fellow in political journalism at the National Review Institute. This article is adapted from one that ran in the July 20, 2015, issue of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
717284,"So Much for That Classless Incompetent Trump

By Peter Augustine Lawler — October 9, 2016

So I appreciate all the Catholic leaders, beginning with Robert George, who exhort the faithful not to succumb to the temptation of Trump. Robby is careful to note that Trumpism includes many legitimate issues neglected by our two major parties. It’s just that Trump is completely lacking in class, character, and competence.

Now I too would never vote for Trump. But I’ve never been a psyched up “Never Trumper” either. He’s why: An incompetent, classless buffoon with an incorrigible unwillingness to learn never had more that the faintest ghost of a chance to win the general election. I haven’t lost a moment sleep over what a President Trump would do, because not even in my most anxious dreams have I been able to imagine him winning.

It’s true, of course, that Trump easily won the Republican nomination. That’s because his most formidable opponents were even more overconfident and clueless. One sign of their incompetence: None of their opposition researchers uncovered such a dramatic piece of disgusting evidence of Donald’s low-life, shamelessly predatory vanity as the tape that emerged in the last couple of days.

Ross Douthat asked: Is Trump more dangerous because he’s an authoritarian or an incompetent? In my view, he is more ridiculously than dangerously incompetent. That’s probably really bad news for the whole Republican party in November. But because he’s incompetent, there always was little to no danger he’d be an authoritarian president or president at all. Now I do think the Constitution and our country could survive Trump’s random cluelessness, but they’re just not going to be put to that test.

Among the seven habits of highly effective authoritarians is disciplined competence, and that includes a definite plan for action. Trump’s authoritarianism, including his big promises as a leader, is a joke, because none of it was ever going to happen.

Virtually all of respectable Americana — all our elites — are out to defeat Trump. Sure, they’re saddled with an unpopular candidate, but she really is good enough to easily prevail under current circumstances. Revisit the first debate, and now imagine the second. Add, of course, the big data, the ground game, and astute media spinning at her disposal. All means necessary were to be deployed, but now, it appears, most of them won’t even be necessary. There’s worse stuff on Trump out there waiting to be used, and, believe me, it’s not all talk.

Trump might have been helped a bit with wavering conservatives, especially social conservatives, by Mike Pence’s smooth and savvy repackaging of Trump as just like Mike: a solid Midwestern Christian conservative, a sincere gentleman open with his faith and proud of his country.

The Washington Post did what Tim Kaine utterly failed to do: Discredit Trump probably beyond repair with his own trashy words. Now Clinton can finish him off tomorrow.

So I can’t help but think it’s “no acccident” that the lewd and crude (or worse) tape emerged right after Pence’s win and right before the next presidential debate. Now I’m not being critical here of the mainstream media. Doubtless many Americans needed to benefit from a reminder of what being “not a gentleman” really means when it comes to intimate interpersonal relations.

Some speculate that Trump was merely bragging, not reporting, about his celebrity status being the cause of his successful and at best semi-consensual (or, at worst, criminal) sexual abuse. But that’s more evidence still of his utter lack of class.

We want to respond: Gentlemen don’t talk that way about women, even when they think the mic is off. Most or almost all men don’t.

Others, beginning with Secretary Clinton, respond: Millions and millions of deplorable American men think and talk like Trump. That’s why the patriarchal code of gentlemen has to be replaced with more reliable means to protect the safety and honor the consent of women.

Here’s Trump’s gift to the cause of soft despotism: His tirades against political correctness have caused us to identify the intrusive scripting of said correctness with common decency, with manners and morals. We all need to be protected from guys like Trump. But Trump in many ways is a rather singular case. He seems, for example, to have no real friends.

My main fear, though, is that “Never Trump” conservatives really believe that when the voters purge the country of this malignant interloper, we conservatives can go back to being what we were before. (Well, not so much what postmodern conservatives were before.)

As one Democrat wrote on the web: One benefit of Trump’s implosion is that he and he alone will be blamed for the Republican defeat in November. That means that Republicans won’t see the need to reform — to address legitimate populist concerns. They won’t see as an indispensable learning experience the rather incredible success thtat Trump really did achieve in capturing their decadent party. The cause for wonder is not that the trashy incompetent lost in November but that he won all those primaries.

Here’s one thought that I owe to Never Trumper David Upham: The success of the tax cuts and other pro-growth policies of Reagan have raised up the economic condition of moderate, prosperous Republicans to unprecedented heights. Meanwhile, the condition of the patriotic Republicans who loved Reagan has worsened, when it comes to both money and the capacity to live a dignified relational life. The Republicans can’t win again without acknowledging that Reaganism-Kempism on the economic front seems too coldly oligarchic now.

Well, one more thought: Most thoughtful Trump supporters (and there are some) think that the situation of our country is so bad that rolling the dice is the only choice on what would otherwise be the eve of our destruction. Their hyping of crisis, we have to notice, owes altogether too much to the extreme rhetoric of other Republicans, such as Ted Cruz. On this issue: I’m with the reform conservatives such as Yuval Levin. Things aren’t that bad. American liberty doesn’t end with another President Clinton.

I still say never bet against America, but in the moderate spirit of acknowledging that things continue to get better and worse. On the worse side: We increasingly lack the words that correspond to our relational longings, and most of all we need to recapture the language of parents, children, citizens, creatures, friends, and lovers. We have to reconnect our singular privileges with our relational responsibilities. There are some ways in which America is greater than ever, but not in others. The nostalgia that guides our innovations has to be rigorously selective, not to mention generously inclusive.

In any case, for me to be loudly and proudly “Never Trump” is hardly a profile of my courage, a dissident act. Most anyone who’s in any elite — and I must be in one or more of them — is against Trump. They should be against him. But I want to say be against Trump without being for much of what they’re for. And while being alive to the cost to our democracy in the case for Clinton being waytoo simple this time to provoke real deliberation. “Vote Clinton to save civilization from the demagogue and his white-trash supporters.” That slogan both overrates Trump and slanders, in most cases, those who, however mistakenly, found in his candidacy hope for change they could believe in. It also ignores many threats to our civilized lives together that having nothing to with Trump.

I am Never Trump, but more than ever without the urgency that comes with fearing his possible victory. And undeluded by the thought that my help is needed to give us President Clinton.

Never Trump is more a description of our future than a moral imperative.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
699598,"Whither to Emigrate?

By Iain Murray — December 1, 2006

Derb,

At the moment, Australia might be an acceptable bolt-hole. For those who believe the President is uniquely reviled around the world, the photo in this BBC story purporting to be of his fellow “climate criminal” John Howard might be illuminating.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
277300,"One day while sitting on the roof of his doghouse, Snoopy supposedly penned a letter to our nation’s tax collectors that read, “Dear IRS: Please take me off your mailing list!” (The story’s provenance is a matter of debate, but it’s become a part of Snoopy lore.) Now, however, an arbitrary action by an unaccountable government entity may prompt MetLife’s longtime “spokesdog” to revise his apocryphal letter: “Dear FSOC: Please take MetLife off your too-big-to fail list.”

The Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) is a secretive, unaccountable task force of financial bureaucrats of various agencies that was created by the Dodd-Frank “financial reform” bill that was rammed through a Democrat-controlled Congress in 2010. A few weeks ago, FSOC designated MetLife as a “systemically important financial institution” (SIFI). This means the federal government considers MetLife to be “too big to fail,” making it subject to the same Dodd-Frank bailout regime set up for big Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase.

As my organization, the Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI), argues in a legal challenge to the Dodd-Frank Act (including the FSOC’s role of identifying risk), the SIFI designation confers on a firm a strong competitive advantage, as investors and creditors know the government won’t let it fail. That’s why big banks and MetLife competitor American International Group (AIG), which have already received billions in taxpayer bailouts, have eagerly embraced their SIFI status.

But MetLife, to its credit, has publicly stated that it is not too big to fail and does not want the special privileges that come with SIFI status. MetLife chairman and CEO Steven A. Kandarian declared last year, “I do not believe that MetLife is a systemically important financial institution.” The insurance company, in fact, recently informed its shareholders that it may even sue the Obama administration to escape the “systemically important” designation that some competitors covet.

Unlike AIG and the big banks, MetLife has never taken a dime in taxpayer bailouts. It is asking not for a handout, but for the federal government to keep its hands off of the successful business model it has used to serve customers for over a century.

To use another “Peanuts” analogy, the FSOC’s designating MetLife a SIFI is like a bully’s taking Charlie Brown’s lunch money to subsidize Pigpen’s rolling in the dirt, because under Dodd-Frank, when one SIFI fails, all the other SIFIs pay its bailout costs. As my colleague Iain Murray explains:

[T]here are two classes of SIFIs — 1) the high-rolling institutions that may be tempted to take unreasonable risks with the money people have entrusted to them, and 2) the large stable firms that actually have the money (again, entrusted to them by clients) that can be expropriated by government to pay for the mistakes of the first class.

Given the fact that the FSOC did not publicly acknowledge its action or give any reason for it — news of the SIFI designation came from MetLife itself — it’s reasonable to conclude that the conservatively managed MetLife is in the second category. For MetLife customers, this will mean higher premiums and fewer services.

And that’s not the worst part. As I have written previously on NRO, under the Federal Reserve’s interpretation of Dodd-Frank’s Collins amendment, sponsored by liberal Republican senator Susan Collins (Me.), insurance companies with a small thrift operation — or even those, like MetLife, without any banking component but deemed “systemically important” by the FSOC — will face the same capital standards that banks do.

This is a practice that strikes even an arch-liberal lawmaker such as Senator Sherrod Brown (D., Ohio) as absurd. “I want strong capital standards, but they have to make sense,” Brown said recently. “Applying bank standards to insurers could make the financial system riskier, not safer.”

Imposing bank-capital standards on insurers would raise costs for life-insurance consumers by $$5 billion to $$8 billion, according to the economic consulting firm Oliver Wyman. These costs could hit policyholders through both higher premiums and reduced benefits. And some policies simply could become unavailable as insurers “exit certain product lines,” the Oliver Wyman study found.

Among the product lines that could disappear or become prohibitively expensive are variable annuities, an increasingly popular retirement option. MetLife CEO Kandarian remarked last year, “It is hard for me to see how life insurers living under [bank-centric rules] could remain in the variable-annuity business.”

And, perversely, such bank-like standards would probably heighten risks for insurers, according to risk-management professionals. In a June 5 letter to Congress, the American Academy of Actuaries warns that forcing insurers to follow bank-capital rules “assigns risks to insurers that are not necessarily significant to them” and “understates risks that may be more significant to insurers than to entities such as banks.”

Federal Reserve chairman Janet Yellen doesn’t seem to disagree with these assessments, but says the language of Dodd-Frank’s Collins amendment ties the Fed’s hands. “The Collins amendment does restrict what is possible for the Federal Reserve in designing an appropriate set of rules,” Yellen said at a Senate hearing.

For her part, Collins, one of three Senate Republicans to vote for Dodd-Frank, says her provision has been misinterpreted. “Since I am the author of the Collins amendment, since I am Senator Collins, I think I know what I meant,” she stated at a Senate hearing in March

Yet there has been complete silence on this from Obama and his Treasury Department. Perhaps they are nodding their heads with this font of economic wisdom from Paul Krugman’s fawning Rolling Stone piece on the achievements of the administration. Krugman’s circular reasoning is that designating MetLife as a SIFI must be good because “MetLife is making an all-out effort to be kept off the SIFI list.” Therefore, Krugman explains,“this effort demonstrates that we’re talking about real regulation here, and that financial interests don’t like it.”

Fortunately, a piece of legislation is hovering around the Capitol that, like Snoopy the flying ace, could partially save the day. The Insurance Capital Standards Clarification Act of 2014 (S. 2270), which the Senate passed unanimously on June 3, would revise Dodd-Frank by clarifying that it was not Congress’s intent to apply bank-capital rules to insurers.

Now all the House has to do in the lame-duck session is pass an identical companion measure, the bipartisan H.R. 4510, and send it to President Obama’s desk. Obama will have the choice to either sign the bill or face veto-proof majorities in both houses. As I have written before, forcing Obama’s hand here will rightfully “erode much of what little luster there is from Dodd-Frank” and make it politically easier to repeal the law, or at the very least grant relief from other harmful parts of it.

But the main reason to pass this bill is to prevent the not-so-good grief among the insured that will occur if the FSOC is left unchecked. We have already seen what happened when the football was pulled away in the health-insurance market thanks to Obamacare.

— John Berlau is senior fellow for finance and access to capital at the Competitive Enterprise Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702234,"Another populist anti-immigration party in Europe has made a very strong showing in a national election — the Swiss People’s Party (SVP) just won a third of the seats in parliament — and polite society is as always scandalized.

You’d think they’d be getting used to it. It may have happened while Senator Sanders wasn’t looking, but in Denmark, the country that currently serves as a beloved mascot of American progressives, the Danish People’s party took 21 percent of the vote in the 2015 general election, just behind the first-place Social Democrats with 26 percent; in reality, though, that wasn’t a second-place finish for the DPP, which picked up 15 seats while the Social Democrats picked up only three. The big issue for the DPP? Border controls, restrictions on immigration and asylum, and Euroskepticism.

In a pattern that will not be unfamiliar to those following the politics of “welfare chauvinism” — which is traditional welfare-statism fortified with nativism — the DPP’s win came largely at the expense of the free-market Venstre party, which seeks to reduce welfare spending while the DPP promises to increase it.

And so it goes: The anti-immigration, pro-welfare Sweden Democrats won 49 seats in parliament in the 2014 election. The UK Independence party, which was founded to oppose British submission to the European Union, has made immigration its centerpiece domestic concern, with party leader Nigel Farage calling it “the biggest single issue facing this party.” Its electoral clout continues to grow. In France, the National Front had a big year in the 2014 municipal and European elections, taking 25 percent of the vote. A 2015 poll commissioned by the left-leaning magazine Marianne found that National Front leader Marine Le Pen was the favorite to win the first round of the 2017 presidential elections. In the Netherlands, the Dutch Freedom party, which has called for a ban on immigration from Muslim countries, has gone in a few short years from non-existence to third-largest party. In 1993, there was a schism in Jörg Haider’s Austrian Freedom party (FPÖ), with a faction objecting to the party’s obsessive and sometimes extreme focus on immigration and nationalism breaking off to form a more conventional free-market party, which was never heard from again, while the FPÖ, now under new leadership, thrives as the third-largest party, lagging its two larger competitors by only a few percentage points in the elections.

RELATED: Eastern Europe’s Compassion Dilemma

These movements are not interchangeable. Pim Fortuyn, the godfather of Dutch anti-multiculturalism, was a hedonistic gay libertarian who was keenly concerned about Islamic culture because of the quaint folk practice of torturing and murdering hedonistic gay libertarians. Jörg Haider was a bad apple from a family of Nazis, and, as they say, der Apfel fällt nicht weit vom Stamm.

Donald Trump is a toothache of a man, but he is not alone.

It is (relatively) easy to have a discussion about immigration as an economic issue or as a law-enforcement issue. But one despairs when wondering whether it is possible even to speak about immigration as a cultural issue. Trump cannot do it, but, given that he can rarely assemble a complete English sentence, this is no surprise. His epigones and his salesmen are even worse, a loose coalition of star-struck know-nothings, white nationalists on Twitter with Charles Martel avatars proudly proclaiming themselves the last true Christian knights in Mom’s basement, and media entrepreneurs whose main interest is in peddling gold coins and freeze-dried apocalypse lasagnas — a movement off its meds.

But . . .

If you were to visit Tokyo and go looking for some Roppongi-style adventure and maybe one of those weirdly delicious curried cutlet things or a visit to a Shinto shrine, but arrived to find nothing but sallow men in black turtlenecks sipping espresso in smoky cafes and reading Baudelaire, nothing but pate and baguettes and Gothic cathedrals and everybody speaking French, you’d surely be feeling that something had been lost, and that that something was Japaneseness. It doesn’t mean that you hate France, only that we’ve already got one of those, and we like having a Japan, too. If you were a Japanese person alienated by the above scenario, that wouldn’t make you a racist. All of us, Japanese and gaijin alike, are likely to find something of value in Japaneseness.

RELATED: Media Coverage of Europe’s Migrant Crisis Ignores the Long-Term Problem It Poses

We Americans can be pretty funny about that: We find things to love about French culture, Japanese culture, Indian culture, Korean culture, German culture, Swiss culture, Mexican culture, Swedish culture — everything but American culture, which we aren’t quite sure exists. Coming from West Texas, I’ve seen billboards and newspaper ads in Spanish my whole life, gone to quinceañeras, looked forward to tamales at Christmas, and it’s no big deal: That’s just how West Texas is, always has been, and always will be. (The real-world prevalence of Spanish in Texas is wildly exaggerated. Julian Castro? No habla.) But if someone in Aroostook County, Maine, doesn’t feel the same way, I don’t think that makes him a bigot. Wallagrass isn’t El Paso.

The great irony of the cult of multiculturalism is that it rejects the actual diversity of the real world in aspiring for a relentless, pitiless sameness.

I’m not sure how I feel about the Swiss People’s Party. Some of their advertising and rhetoric makes me think that they don’t seem like an entirely splendid bunch of guys: Their most famous poster depicts a bunch of white sheep literally kicking a black sheep over the border. One detects some nasty undertones. But are they wrong for liking the Swissness of Switzerland? I like it a great deal, and it seems strange to begrudge them the same feeling about what is, after all, their country. French-hating was popular for about five minutes among conservatives a few years back, but one of the great and admirable things about the French is that they never apologize for being French, even if that sometimes means inventing absurd French phrases to avoid borrowing from foreign languages. (“Textopornographie”? “Mot-dièse”?) The great irony of the cult of multiculturalism is that it rejects the actual diversity of the real world in aspiring for a relentless, pitiless sameness.

Like Donald Trump’s “Eek-a-Mexican!” school of social analysis, the rise of Europe’s sundry populist anti-immigration movements — which run the gamut from decent clear-eyed patriotism to skinhead hooliganism — are a testimony to the fact that when responsible people cede the field on an issue of deep and abiding national concern, it isn’t the issue that goes away but the responsibility. Democrats won’t talk about this for obvious reasons; most Republicans generally won’t talk much about it, either, because they are terrified of being called racists. (As I will be called, by somebody whose job it is to call people racists, for having written this column.) Economics should be an important consideration in making immigration policy — probably the most important consideration — but it isn’t the only consideration, because people aren’t widgets, and culture, as opposed to multiculturalism, has value. Thus the perennial popularity of propositions such as making English the official national language of the United States. (Pakistan, where the government uses English and very few people speak Urdu as their mother tongue, is moving in the opposite direction .) Americans watching the wave of so-called refugees rolling across Europe are worried about it for the same reason that the Swiss are; there may be some malice in it, some racism or xenophobia — but that is not all there is in it.

One wishes that Senator Rubio would at least in some small part take up the case. His immigrant roots and personal charm would do a great deal to insulate him from cynical charges of bigotry, and the discussion desperately needs a second voice, one not issuing from the uncrowded skull of Donald J. Trump or any of the supplementary fools and charlatans in his orbit. It is a different discussion in the United States than it is in Switzerland (with its population well less than that of metropolitan Los Angeles), but the underlying concerns are the same, and they are legitimate.

— Kevin D. Williamson is roving correspondent at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
277449,"What to Do About Puerto Rico

By The Editors — July 6, 2015

Puerto Rico cannot pay its debts. The question now before us is not how it will go about making good on its financial obligations but how it will go about not making good on them.

A number of factors have contributed to this sorry state of affairs. Puerto Rico’s government spends too much relative to its income, and the commonwealth is plagued by familiar problems: dysfunctional tax and regulatory policies imposed by Congress, excessive pension and benefits promises offered to government employees as a cowardly way to keep compensation increases off the books; a political environment dominated by public-sector unions, which threw out Luis Fortuño, the last governor to make a halfway serious attempt at fiscal reform; an economy hampered by relatively low work-force participation, with the concomitant loss of private-sector production; an electorate susceptible to gimmicky non-solutions that promise real results without real reform; brain drain as its most skilled, energetic, and entrepreneurial residents leave as quickly as they can for better economic opportunities elsewhere in the United States.

This is a tragedy in that Puerto Rico had long been the great example that democratic and constitutional governance, the rule of law, property rights, and a strong currency work as well in the Caribbean as they do anywhere else, and that free trade isn’t just for Manchester. Puerto Rico is a dire warning about what happens when government is comprehensively colonized by government employees — when it stops working for the people and starts working for itself.

Puerto Ricans are American citizens, and Puerto Rico’s bonds, reduced to junk status though they may be, are held mainly by American financial institutions ranging from pension funds to insurance companies. A bailout cannot be countenanced, but neither can Washington play the role of economic Pontius Pilate and wash its collective hands of this matter. It may be that Puerto Rico should be an independent commonwealth, but it isn’t one.

What to do?

One possibility that has been floated is extending Chapter 9 bankruptcy provisions to Puerto Rico, which would require an act of Congress. Democrats are in the main happy to proceed down that avenue; Republicans, particularly the conservatives, hesitate. There is good reason for that hesitation: Chapter 9 is not designed for commonwealths, dependent or independent; it is a set of bankruptcy provisions for municipalities. It has been used to entities that are economically larger than Puerto Rico, with Orange County, Calif., notable among them. New York City narrowly avoided bankruptcy in 1975 with the help of a state and federal bailout, and Chapter 9 was subsequently amended, taking its current form. Most recently, it was used to reorganize the obligations of the bankrupt city of Detroit.

Supporters of the Chapter 9 expansion argue that this would simply extend to Puerto Rico a legal instrument that is available to the 50 states. But that is not exactly true: Chapter 9 is available to municipalities and municipal agencies within states; there is, in fact, no body of bankruptcy law dealing with the insolvency of states themselves, a fact that is very likely going to be of acute interest to California, Illinois, and other states in the future. Almost half of the states do not extend Chapter 9 options to their municipalities; 16 do so with tight restrictions, and only a dozen have blanket authorization. Whatever the best approach for dealing with the Puerto Rico situation is, it probably isn’t Chapter 9.

And it is far from clear that Congress has the power to use Chapter 9 to manage Puerto Rico’s current crisis in any case: Extending Chapter 9 would constitute a clear ex post facto impairment of the property rights of Puerto Rico’s creditors, and as such is a constitutional no-no, not that such constitutional niceties carry much weight in the Obama era. The island’s creditors have made it clear that they are disinclined to go along with a Chapter 9 approach, in that the steep haircuts imposed on bondholders in the Stockton, Calif., and Detroit bankruptcies are fresh on their minds, not to mention the losses imposed on creditors in the Obama administration’s illegal bailout of General Motors. They will fight, instead, for a conventional receivership arrangement, seeking to secure their rights under conventional contract law.

In the long term — which may not be all that long in coming — the lamentable fact is that the United States probably needs a new chapter in its bankruptcy code, one covering states, territories, and other purportedly sovereign entities within the United States. The way that state courts have shielded pension promises from reform by bankruptcy law, on the implausible grounds that their constitutions make these benefits sacrosanct, needs special attention. This project will raise wide-ranging constitutional questions, and even an intelligently designed approach for the orderly resolution of future fiscal crises does little or nothing for the question of the here and now.

There is no replacement for real reform: Before anything else can be done, Puerto Rico simply must adopt a new set of fiscal policies that put its public finances on sustainable footing, and Congress and the Obama administration should use any and all means at their disposal to force that issue. That is going to mean imposing substantial reductions in public spending, with reductions in government pensions and retirement benefits figuring prominently. The commonwealth’s creditors are going to take losses, too, but they should be allowed to negotiate terms with the benefits of the law under which they lent.

The reality of state finances mean that what happens in Puerto Rico is more than a tropical storm — it will be a precedent. We should be careful to set the right one.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
227346,"Reversal of Fortune

There is increasing evidence that massive economic stimulus is taking hold.

By David Malpass — June 13, 2003

Back in 2001, you couldn’t help but have a negative economic outlook based on the deflationary strength of the dollar and the super-tight fiscal and monetary policies that were then in place. But these situations have not only improved, they have reversed — and the economy may accelerate even faster than expectations. Growth, based on gross domestic product, could exceed 4 percent in the second-half of this year.

There is increasing evidence that massive economic stimulus — monetary, courtesy of the Federal Reserve, and fiscal, thanks to the president and supply-side minded lawmakers — is taking hold. The magnitude of the policy turnaround, which caps a constructive, multi-year reflation process, should overwhelm the economic negatives — including the drag from expensive oil and poor finances at the state- and local-government levels.

When it comes to economic forecasting, much of the focus in recent months has been on the downside risks — and these are still a possibility. But it is more likely that the consensus is underestimating the strength of the rebound now that the dollar is back at a normal level. Economists, it seems, do not have much 20th Century experience with deflation and reflation, explaining the confusion over the outlook. (This confusion extends to the Fed.)

Expensive oil and its impact on other energy costs remains a concern. The high oil price raises questions about the effectiveness of the U.S. military campaign in Iraq and our domestic energy policy. Expensive oil diverts investment to high-cost places, like Siberia, from more growth-oriented endeavors. And it offsets about one-third of the demand-side effect of the latest Bush tax cut. But there’s still good reason to believe that oil prices will fall sharply once Iraqi oil ships and U.S. inventories build.

The Federal Reserve has continued to hype the risk of deflation, despite the current non-deflationary value of the dollar and the fact that there are no signs of deflation in market-based price indices. The resulting risk aversion in the U.S. and abroad has forced bond yields to very low levels, inviting increasing distortions in the economy. However, bond yields have not been good predictors of growth in the past, and they have not caused major disruptions when they correct to higher yields (for example, in late 1993). As U.S. growth accelerates, interest rates and bond yields will move higher, with less reliance on residential construction in the growth mix.

State and local finances are an increasing drag. However, the tax increases and spending cuts under consideration only partially offset the new federal tax cuts and spending increases. For example, some states are proposing income-tax rate increases of 1 percent for high-bracket taxpayers, offsetting about a third of the federal government’s 3.6 percent rate reduction to 35 percent from 38.6 percent. So it’s a partial, not a full, offset.

To be sure, the economic data has been improving. Job losses in May were less than expected while productivity growth has remained robust. Current employment indicators — 6.1 percent unemployment, 430,000 initial unemployment claims per week, 130 million total workers — are consistent with relatively rapid economic growth. Purchasing-managers indices for manufacturing and services have improved, and these are also consistent with relatively rapid economic growth. Retail sales growth has remained resilient.

Anecdotal evidence has improved, too: There’s been solid commercial loan growth at one of the nation’s largest banks. A red-hot value-fund manager is still finding lots of companies to buy due to earnings improvements. A mezzanine financier finds his whole portfolio suddenly beating targets. A restaurant chain saw its sales move from cold in April to warm in May to hot in June.

The stock market has been a big part of the optimistic story. In particular, it’s been very nice to see the Nasdaq handily outperforming in the recent rally. Nasdaq outperformance often points to faster economic growth. It also reflects how the recent tax cuts — on capital-gains, investor dividends, and the top marginal rate (along with accelerated equipment expensing) — benefits technology companies.

And now back to the Fed. The current level of U.S. monetary stimulus is massive. Real interest rates have fallen 5.2 percent from December 2000 to March 2003, reaching -1.2 percent. A swing of this magnitude may be historical. Gold prices, meanwhile, remain above $$350, while commodity indicators are rising again after an Iraq-related pause.

The Fed’s monetary policy is being magnified around the world. The European Central Bank cut its interest rate to 2 percent despite inflation that is still running above target. This may encourage South Africa and Brazil to cut their rates. To slow their currency appreciation, many foreign central banks are cutting interest rates. Many, including the central banks of Japan and China, are also printing money to buy U.S. Treasuries. With the Fed describing itself as “accommodative,” the implication is that many foreign central banks are also increasingly accommodative.

Finally, the fiscal deficit has moved from a 2.6 percent surplus in 2000 to a 4 percent deficit. This fiscal-policy shift, roughly 6.6 percent of GDP, is the largest since World War II. Three growth-oriented tax cuts have been enacted in this period, with the most recent one coming much earlier and larger than most expected. By reducing the taxes on capital, labor, investment, and innovation, the tax-cut portion of the fiscal-policy shift should add substantially to growth and stock market share prices.

The outlook for the U.S. debt-to-GDP ratio has shifted from a contractionary de-leveraging (Alan Greenspan’s famous concern) to a stable outlook. Every way you look at this economy, there is more good news than bad.

— Mr. Malpass is the Chief Global Economist for Bear Stearns.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
668527,"Don Balz, at the Washington Post, while wondering what, if anything, this vote will eventually cost the Democrats, is playing a now-familiar tune on the history fiddle, excited at the prospect of witnessing history:

By almost any measure, enactment of comprehensive health-care legislation would rank as one of the most significant pieces of social welfare legislation in the country’s history, a goal set as far back as the presidency of Theodore Roosevelt and pursued since by many other presidents.

Of course, there’s always the possibility that the reason health-care “reform” hasn’t been passed after a century of progressives’ whining about it is because for the last 100 years or so, most people have thought it’s a stupid idea. They still seem to think so today.

Balz:

Regardless of the political fallout, historians say health-care reform will take its place in the same category as the enactment of Social Security in 1935 and Medicare in 1965, and only a rung or two below passage of the major civil rights bills of the 1950s and 1960s.

. . . and a rung or two above prohibition, another historic “achievement” by political progressives.

More pertinent is Mark’s note:

Their bet is that it can’t be undone, and that over time, as I’ve been saying for years now, governmentalized health care not only changes the relationship of the citizen to the state but the very character of the people.

Mark’s right, of course. It’s not just conjecture. It’s what happens — most vividly in France in 2003, when people were so convinced that the ever-so-expensive national health system would surely make certain the nation’s weakest citizens survived a simple heat wave. Government failed, and 15,000 people died in three weeks. (I harp on this lesson often — most recently, here.)",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
695509,"I don’t necessarily believe that teenagers have to be reading Melville all the time, although I’d like them to read him eventually. I understand the idea of mid-level or popular young people’s literature. When I was a kid we read Nancy Drew and Cherry Ames and the Hardy Boys and Tarzan books. We even read comic books, everything from Donald Duck to something called Classic Comics, which were comic book retellings of classic novels (maybe an idea worth reviving). We even watched TV! When my older nieces were youngsters, there was some kind of trend in mystery stories. Even Hirsi Ali growing up in Africa was reading Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys. But she also remembers that in school it was Shakespeare, Orwell, and Jane Austen. I think there used to be an understanding that there was a dividing line between the easier to read and more escapist kinds of things on the one hand, and on the other, the more classic children’s lit like The Prince and the Pauper (there was a wonderful film of this with Errol Flynn), and some of Melville and the like; and then again between that and the mature literature that meant you were growing to adulthood. It was sort of a hierarchy that you aspired to climb. Maybe some of the better books were too much to handle at certain points but there was always the idea that you’d want to get to them eventually. Some of the things I had on my mental list I got to only years later. But in this way you both became a reader and committed yourself to a lifetime of reading.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704721,"The new movie Ted, about a little boy’s teddy bear who magically obtains the ability to talk and subsequently grows up to be a coarse, foul-mouthed pothead, is not the most vulgar movie I have ever seen; but it is the most vulgar good movie I’ve ever seen. Mark Wahlberg and Mila Kunis play a young couple who live together in a relationship that basically works — except for the fact that Wahlberg’s character is continually encouraged into immature behavior by his incandescently profane teddy bear. The central concept of this movie — in both the onscreen product and the marketing campaign — is the boorish bear, whose dialogue is laugh-out-loud funny throughout. (A good test of a comedy is, how often did I laugh vs. how often did I think that part could have been funnier. On this test, Ted is a winner: The laughs significantly outnumber the misfires.)

But the part that really amazed me was how well the movie worked as a romantic comedy. The romantic comedy, at least in the U.S., is a rather sad genre, because it is usually neither romantic nor a comedy. (Be honest: How often are you really moved by the triumph of love in the lives of rom-com characters? And how often do the “jokes” in a rom-com really make you laugh?) That some people call these movies “chick flicks” is an insult to women; in my experience, women dislike bad movies every bit as much as men do.

In Ted, though, we have a genuinely moving story about a man who has to grow up to make his relationship work. Somehow, the context of an absurd fantasy tale makes the emotional issues stand out with greater clarity than they do in the typical, supposedly realistic relationship movie.

Ted also has a well-executed suspense plot, in which Giovanni Ribisi is excellent as a creepy father seeking to kidnap Ted to be his son’s playmate. The film’s depiction of working-class Boston is simultaneously a vicious satire on that place and its culture, and a love letter to it.

Anybody who likes well-written raunch will enjoy this movie thoroughly. But I cannot be insistent enough: If you are easily offended by sex, drugs, four-letter words, and/or political incorrectness of various kinds, do not see it.

UPDATE: It occurs to me that my concluding warning, while strong, was not strong enough. I should have said, “If you are ever offended by [any of those things] . . . do not see it.” And a special note to parents: Yes, the film has a character who is a teddy bear. NO, you should not take the kids to see it. I see on IMDB that there have been parents who have taken their eight-year-olds to see it. Please don’t do that. Take my word for it.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
695530,"Depressing Reading Required

By Carol Iannone — September 26, 2007

A mother in the Christian Science Monitor protests the sad, depressing reading that young people are expected to do nowadays. Her daughter recently completed her required summer reading, which included a story about white people burning down an entire town of black people, and one about a twelve year old bride in the Middle East who is tormented by her husband’s older wives Most interesting are the “unintended consequences ” of such reading. “You’re constantly made to feel spoiled or privileged,” one student said, because you’ve “never experienced these horrible things.” (Is this consequence really “unintended”?) Another interesting consequence is that this mother has “noticed that no matter what movie we watch, even a comedy, whenever the tension begins to rise, my daughter assumes that someone is about to be hurt in some drastic manner–because that’s the narrative patern she encounters in her reading.”

Could this be a contributing factor to the decline in literary reading? That’s a rhetorical question.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716729,"Hillary Clinton’s Speech Shows the Vulnerability of Religious Liberty

She would deny tax-exempt status to those who dissent from the Left’s views.

By Andrew T. Walker — October 5, 2015

On Saturday morning, Hillary Clinton addressed the nation’s most influential gay-rights lobby, the Human Rights Campaign. It was a calculated appearance. Fearing that potential candidate Vice President Joe Biden’s Saturday-evening speech to the same group might outpace her own record on gay rights, Clinton took to the podium to assure Human Rights Campaign staffers that a Clinton presidency would be fully committed to the advancement of gay rights.

In her address, Clinton told those in the audience of her support for the Federal Equality Act (more on that below), a piece of legislation that signals the next wave for gay rights after the Supreme Court’s Obergefell ruling, which nationalized same-sex marriage.

She also made belittling remarks about religious liberty, particularly in the context of Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis and Indiana’s Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA). This is particularly ironic, since it was Hillary’s husband, Bill Clinton, who signed a federal RFRA into law back in the 1990s, when gay rights weren’t as fashionable as they are today. What’s more, candidate Clinton’s rhetoric went to great lengths to paint anyone who disagrees with the morality of the LGBT worldview as being beneath the threshold of respect. She read the very worst into her opponents’ views, making it impossible for reasoned debate to occur. The pitched, glossed-over caricatures of religious liberty elicited by Clinton are unbecoming for someone of her stature, and furthermore, they devalue by way of cynicism a bedrock value at the heart of our Constitution.

If you’ve paid attention to the national conversation on religious liberty of late, these assaults on constitutional principles like religious liberty and settled public policy like RFRA don’t come as a shock. They are, sadly, representative of the vaporizing effects of those who, to quote Justice Alito in his dissent in Obergefell, desire to “stamp out every vestige of dissent.” They also, however, offer a crystal-ball view into the future of religious liberty should Clinton win the presidency.

RELATED: To Prevent ‘Discrimination’ against Gays, the Left Would Destroy Religious Liberty

Here’s why the Clinton speech was important: To have the likely Democratic nominee for the presidency of the United States take the stage to pan and insult religious liberty in the most caricatured and indecent of ways signals just how vulnerable religious liberty is. It was unimaginable, as little as three or four years ago, that a candidate from the Democratic party would leverage every available asset to assault a principle at the foundation of our constitutional order.

It shows, more than ever, the need for legislative counter-measures to protect religious liberty.

As I noted above, in her speech, Clinton expressed support for the federal Equality Act. The Equality Act, as I’ve written elsewhere, is, to date, the most expansively threatening piece of legislation ever proposed, one that would deliberately take aim at religious liberty and jeopardize the integrity of religious institutions. To complicate matters even more, the Equality Act goes out of its way to state that no appeal to RFRA can be made if someone alleges religious-liberty infringement. Flying under the banner of non-discrimination protection, the Equality Act would add the categories of “sexual orientation” and “gender identity” (SOGI) to the list of similarly protected categories found in the 1964 Civil Rights Act. It would, in effect, make contested categories statutory and beyond debate.

EDITORIAL: Protecting the First Amendment from the Supreme Court

Why is this problematic? Sexual orientation and gender identity are unlike other categories protected in the Civil Rights Act because they are not apparent. These categories are known only in conduct and self-identification. Furthermore, they are non-immutable, and hard to define concretely. No one is saying that sexual orientation should be a factor, for example, in employment and public accommodation. But the very nature of the category itself is problematic. To make non-discrimination protection based on uncertain categories subject to varying interpretation is unwise.

The reality or effect of the Equality Act would be to cudgel dissenting institutions whose views on heavily disputed categories, such as sexual orientation and gender identity, do not line up with government orthodoxy. In effect, if an institution takes sexual orientation or gender identity into account, it is seen as violating federal non-discrimination law. The conflict this poses for religious institutions that do not agree with the morality of LGBT ideology, which would be protected in federal law, is enormous. The conflict is reflected in the now-infamous exchange heard in the Obergefell oral arguments:

Justice Alito: Well, in the Bob Jones case, the Court held that a college was not entitled to tax­exempt status if it opposed interracial marriage or interracial dating. So would the same apply to a university or a college if it opposed same-sex marriage? [Solicitor] General Verrilli: You know, I don’t think I can answer that question without knowing more specifics, but it’s certainly going to be an issue. I don’t deny that. I don’t deny that, Justice Alito. It is — it is going to be an issue.

“It is going to be an issue.” Never has a government lawyer been so forthcoming.

Aside from the letter of the proposed law, the spirit of the Equality Act is equally problematic. The Equality Act advances the concept that those who disagree with contested court opinions or contested policy matters are now liable for penalty or punishment. Writing at Christianity Today, noted legal scholars Richard Garnett, John Inazu, and Michael McConnell made a very interesting observation about the absurdity and harm that issue from the proponents of government orthodoxy on sexual matters. Alluding to New York Times columnist Mark Oppenheimer’s suggestion that the government should remove tax-exempt status for “organizations that dissent from settled public policy on matters of race or sexuality” they write that:

Mr. Oppenheimer failed to acknowledge that in a pluralistic and democratic society, government routinely recognizes the tax-exempt status of organizations that differ from “settled public policy.” For example, not that long ago, the Human Rights Campaign was tax-exempt when it differed from settled policy on matters of sexuality; the same is true of organizations, like the Sierra Club, who push for changes in environmental regulation, or anti-war groups, who oppose US military policy. One of the principal purposes of civil society organizations is to challenge “settled public policy.”

That is a keen observation, and one that decisively demonstrates how egregious the Equality Act is in its overreach. The Equality Act is liberalism’s masthead for intolerance and indifference to the variegated nature of civil society.

At present, and with the unlikely halt over concerns related to religious liberty and gay rights, legislation that would counter the effects of the Equality Act has been introduced. The bill is titled the First Amendment Defense Act, and its purpose is simple: It would prevent “discriminatory action against a person on the basis that such person believes or acts in accordance with a religious belief or moral conviction that: (1) marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman, or (2) sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage.” In short, it protects individuals and institutions from any adverse action that the government could take if it adopts the principles like the ones seen in the Equality Act. In particular, it would protect tax status, accreditation, employment, certification, and a number of other entitlements for those with traditional beliefs about marriage.

It’s the exact type of legislation that needs to be enacted to protect individuals and institutions from the type of coercion that Secretary Clinton promises. In her remarks to the Human Rights Campaign, she said that a refusal to allow same-sex couples to adopt is “anti-gay bigotry.” The uncontroversial belief that children need access to a loving mother and father is now evidence of irrational prejudice and bigotry. And Clinton promised that as president, she would cut off funding for any adoption agency that does not place children with same-sex couples. The implication is clear here: If adoption agencies are unwilling to run themselves according to federal standards, the government can penalize them by challenging an agency’s tax status and funding stream.

The First Amendment Defense Act protects religious freedom, pluralism, and common sense — three things we can’t have under assault if America is going to live up to its long-cherished ideals.

— Andrew T. Walker serves as director of policy studies for the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission. @andrewtwalk",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
697071,"On Thursday, April 1, Time published a list of the “ten most common household toxins,” focused on plastics. It claimed, “Chemicals in plastics and other products seem harmless, but mounting evidence links them to health problems — and Washington lacks the power to protect us.” Top of the list was Bisphenol A, or BPA for short.

BPA is an important ingredient in many of the plastic products that have made modern life inexpensive and convenient. BPA is used to make shatterproof water bottles, CDs, food and beverage cans, sporting equipment, eyeglass lenses, and countless medical supplies. Environmentalists argue that it is a toxic substance that should be banned. But there is little scientific evidence that suggests BPA is harmful, and much that suggests it is not.

California provides a good example of how the environmentalists have waged their war. On July 15, 2009, the state’s Developmental and Reproductive Toxicant Identification Committee voted not to list BPA as a reproductive toxicant under the terms of California’s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (Proposition 65). The very same day, the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) submitted a 327-page petition to the California Environmental Protection Agency’s Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment to begin a different process by which BPA could be listed as a reproductive toxicant.

The NRDC petition is pathetically weak. It includes as evidence a 2008 National Toxicology Program (NTP) report that showed no harm to humans from BPA, but called for further study. That study is now under way at the federal level, with the National Institutes of Health spending $$30 million on research over the next two years. Neither the petition or the NTP report provides any reason for California to ban the substance before the results of the study come in.

Other evidence favors keeping BPA on the market. A U.S. Environmental Protection Agency report published in the scholarly journal Toxicological Sciences in October 2009 also showed no harm to humans from BPA.

The state — which is mired in budget crisis — is wasting public funds to indulge the whims of a single special-interest group. Yet it is not just taxpayer money that is at stake. NRDC is sending a message to businesses nationwide: If you use BPA — whether to make toys, eyeglasses, or medical equipment — don’t invest here. For no company will invest in a state — and thus create jobs and expand facilities in that state — if the state is threatening to stop manufacturing in the near future. NRDC’s whim is helping to prolong California’s recession.

Ironically, the same EPA study that found no effect from BPA found significant effects from the oral contraceptive Ethinyl Estradiol. Yet when environmental groups are asked whether they should campaign against contraceptive use, they prevaricate. Curt Cunningham, water-quality-issues chairman for the Rocky Mountain Chapter of Sierra Club International, dismissed such demands in 2007, saying, “I suspect people would not take kindly to that. . . . For many people, it’s an economic necessity.” Only ideology can explain such a double standard.

The war against BPA is an unrelenting, well-funded propaganda campaign to disregard science in favor of ideology. Every time science scores a victory, the environmental establishment opens another front. When that fails, the groups try to undermine investment in technologies they oppose. In all of this, they are aided by willing allies in the media, who are only too happy to scare people about some new imagined horror, even if it means keeping those same people out of work. We should condemn Time for joining in the environmentalist assault on science.

– Iain Murray is vice president for strategy at the Competitive Enterprise Institute. His book, The Really Inconvenient Truths (Regnery, 2008), includes a discussion of the hypocrisy of environmental groups over contraceptives.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
386418,"Kerry Claims ‘You Can’t Pass a Treaty Anymore’ Two Days Before U.S. Ratifies a Treaty

By Andrew C. McCarthy — August 4, 2015

In one of the many mind-bending moments in Secretary of State John Kerry’s congressional testimony in support of President Obama’s Iran deal, he explained that the administration could not treat the deal as a treaty because, well, nowadays it is just too hard to get a treaty approved. In fact, Kerry claimed, “It has become physically impossible.”

Kerry gave this testimony in answer to a question put by Representative Reid Ribble (R., Wis.), who asked why the administration did not consider the international agreement a treaty despite 228 years of compliance with the Constitution’s treaty procedure by administrations of all major political parties. Kerry replied:

Well Congressman, I spent quite a few years trying to get a lot of treaties through the United States Senate, and it has become physically impossible. That’s why. Because you can’t pass a treaty anymore. It has become impossible to schedule, to pass, and I sat there leading the charge on the Disabilities Treaty which fell to basically ideology and politics. So I think that is the reason why.

Less than 48 hours later, Kerry’s subordinate Henry S. Ensher, the State Department’s ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency (the same IAEA deeply involved in the Iran deal), proudly presented to the IAEA the formal United States ratification of a treaty: the Amendment to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.

The treaty was just one of four related ones that the Senate has approved in recent years. The other three are the International Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism, and two Protocols to the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Maritime Navigation. In fact, not only were the treaties approved; the full Congress this June supplemented the Senate’s approval by enacting supporting legislation that, under the terms of treaties, was necessary before they could be ratified.

In announcing the approval of the treaties on June 4 – i.e., less than two months before testifying that it has become physically impossible to get treaties approved on Capitol Hill – Kerry stated:

The Department of State is now preparing the instruments of ratification of these important treaties for the President’s signature. I want to personally thank the U.S. Congress, particularly the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, for their efforts on this critically important legislation. It is a laudable example of the good we can accomplish when two branches of government and two parties come together to strengthen our nation’s security. It is also yet another indication that the United States is committed on a bipartisan basis to eliminating the greatest threat to global security: nuclear terrorism.

Last week, just two days after Kerry’s congressional testimony that it is no longer possible for the United States to pass and ratify treaties, Kerry dispatched Ambassador Ensher to the IAEA’s Vienna offices to deliver the U.S. instrument of ratification of the amendment to the nuclear material convention. The IAEA’s Office of Public Information and Communication published an announcement, “United States Ratifies Key Nuclear Security Amendment,” which includes a large photograph of Ambassador Ensher and the IAEA director general Yukiya Amano brandishing the formal ratification documents.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657863,"If Sarah Palin opposes it, it must be fantastic policy. That’s the argument behind the latest Democrat argument for supporting the New START treaty.

In a snide press release today (via David Weigel), Democrats use professional photos of those who agree with them and an unflattering photo of Palin to argue that the only serious position on New START is approval.

“In supporting ratification of the New START Treaty, Democrats are siding with the cross-party consensus view of virtually the entire foreign policy establishment — including former President George H.W. Bush, Secretary of Defense Gates, Secretary of State Clinton, and the secretaries of state from the last five presidents,” states the Senate Democrats Communications Center. “In opposing ratification, many Senate Republicans are siding with the position supported by… Sarah Palin.”

“The individuals in the first group have over a century of foreign policy experience between them,” the statement continues, “and have worked closely on U.S.-Russia relations for decades. On the other hand, Palin can see Russia from her house. Apparently, that’s good enough for many Senate Republicans.”

Palin wrote on NRO last week about her opposition to the New START treaty, arguing that it would limit our missile defense, further hamper our ability to verify whether Russia was complying with the treaty, and that we should not allow the Russians to increase their nuclear weapon supply while agreeing to decrease ours.

Incidentally, Palin never said she could see Russia from her house. That line was from Tina Fey.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
244624,"re: How New Is The New Atlantis?

By Yuval Levin — May 30, 2007",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
718952,"Well, I obviously gave Trump too much credit in my posting before the debate. I’d assumed it would be difficult for the other candidates to successfully go at Trump over his widespread use of guestworkers because they all want even more guestworkers than we have now (except for Cruz, who recently backpedalled a little). Or, as Fred Bauer put it (beating me to the punch by 13 minutes, the scoundrel): “Attacking Trump on ‘H’ Visas Will Be Difficult for Candidates Who Support ‘H’ Visas“.

But I guess Rubio counted on Trump’s utter lack of preparation to avoid a counterpunch on Rubio’s own support for massive increases in immigration, including guestworkers. Here’s what Rubio said (emphasis added):

And so even today, we saw a report in one of the newspapers that Donald, you’ve hired a significant number of people from other countries to take jobs that Americans could have filled. My mom and dad – my mom was a maid at a hotel, and instead of hiring an American like her, you have brought in over a thousand people from all over the world to fill those jobs instead.

Rubio’s shamelessness is breathtaking, but fortune favors the bold. Not only did Trump not take the opportunity to deflect attention by gutting Rubio like a fish, as he could have. He actually went into full Jobs Americans Won’t Do mode:

As far as the people that I’ve hired in various parts of Florida during the absolute prime season, like Palm Beach and other locations, you could not get help. It’s the up season. People didn’t want to have part-time jobs. There were part-time jobs, very seasonal, 90-day jobs, 120-day jobs, and you couldn’t get. Everybody agrees with me on that. They were part-time jobs. You needed them, or we just might as well close the doors, because you couldn’t get help in those hot, hot sections of Florida.

And he elaborated during his second sit-down with CNN after the debate:

On the Palm Beach thing – it’s very, very hard – you know Palm Beach, you probably do know Palm Beach, you may know Palm Beach, I hope you do know Palm Beach – it’s hot as a pistol. You cannot get help during the season. The season goes from like October ’til March. It’s almost impossible to get help. And part of the reason that you can’t get – you know, American people – they want full time jobs. This is a four-month, five-month job. [An hour earlier, it had been a 90-day, 120-day job -- MK] They want long-term jobs, they don’t want this. So, we do hire some people, but we have to bring people in because it’s the season and you can’t get people. It’s pretty simple. And by the way, I do it legally. You know it’s done through a process. You know, we sign documents, we sign all sorts of papers, they come in totally legally, they come in from different parts of the world. But we have no choice.

I can see the bumper sticker now: “Vote Trump – Because there are jobs Americans won’t do.”

Cruz and Rubio finally landed some blows against Trump in this debate; Rubio’s mockery was especially amusing (and unnerving for Trump), though my man Cruz’s attacks were more serious and grounded. But at this late date, the hits Trump took on his (lack of a) health care plan, tax returns, even Trump University, might not make any difference.

But the whole point of his candidacy is that he’s a nationalist, that his first concern is for America and Americans; his (obviously unread) immigration plan promises to “Put American Workers First”. That makes the “jobs Americans won’t do” rationalizations especially damaging to his brand. We’ll see if his rivals can take advantage of this weakness over the next five days.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
114662,"It seems that the president has finally noticed that his hometown of Chicago is a hotbed of gun violence. Consequently, the Chicago Tribune records:

President Barack Obama will visit Chicago on Friday, when he will discuss gun violence as he focuses on his economic message from Tuesday’s State of the Union address, according to the White House. Obama will “talk about the gun violence that has tragically affected too many families in communities across Chicago and across the country,” a White House official said in a statement. The president’s visit answers calls from Chicago anti-violence activists that Obama talk about the recent spate of gun violence in the city, several of the activists said. “This is an important issue,” said Cathy Cohen, founder of the Black Youth Project, which attracted about 45,000 signatures by Sunday night in an online petition that urges Obama to speak up. “We think of this as a victory for all of us.”

It might strike some as peculiar that the president will be visiting a city with some of the strictest gun laws in the country in order to make the case for stricter gun laws. But not everybody. Chicago’s police superintendent appears not to have noticed the laws, nor their effect on his city’s remarkable crime rate. Per Mediaite:

“One of the things that I would like to again try to clear up, and I ask you to please stop adopting the rhetoric of the gun advocates,” McCarthy said. “Chicago does not have strict gun laws.” “The state of Illinois does not have strict gun laws,” McCarthy continued. He said mandatory sentencing would reduce the use of firearms that come into the city from outside Chicago’s limits.

Illinois very much does have “strict gun laws.” They are so strict, in fact, that Illinois is the only state in the union with no provision for citizens to carry concealed weapons — an egregious omission that in December was deemed by the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals to be in violation of the Second Amendment. Illinois was given 180 days to get its act together.

Chicago’s laws are even worse. According to the New York Times:

Not a single gun shop can be found in this city because they are outlawed. Handguns were banned in Chicago for decades, too, until 2010, when the United States Supreme Court ruled that was going too far, leading city leaders to settle for restrictions some describe as the closest they could get legally to a ban without a ban. Despite a continuing legal fight, Illinois remains the only state in the nation with no provision to let private citizens carry guns in public. And yet Chicago, a city with no civilian gun ranges and bans on both assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, finds itself laboring to stem a flood of gun violence that contributed to more than 500 homicides last year and at least 40 killings already in 2013, including a fatal shooting of a 15-year-old girl on Tuesday.

Gun controllers might consider the president’s visit a “victory for all of us,” but it’s difficult to see why. If a president were to find an appropriate city in which to announce his support for the liberalization of gun laws, Chicago would be his best choice. That he is doing precisely the opposite defies belief.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207098,"The Most Uplifting Sentence I Read This Weekend

By Veronique de Rugy — September 20, 2010

From Roll Call this weekend:

Sen. Jim DeMint argued for a “devolution of power out of Washington,” saying Sunday that “the fact is, education probably would work a lot better without the Department of Education.”

He added:

“I would support a devolution of power out of Washington for education, health care, transportation, and I’ve introduced a lot of legislation for that, too,” DeMint added, saying the power should go to the states. “And you can do it in a common-sense, reasonable way that doesn’t disrupt any of the activities that we support.”

Looking at the issue with my French perspective, it seems that for many years federalism acted as a safeguard of American freedoms. Economically, it makes sense. A federal government that is large in size and scope is a real threat to our liberties, political and economic.

Unfortunately, today, because of policymakers and court rulings, federalism doesn’t seem to mean much. Many of the federal government’s activities are things that should be provided by the states and the private sector.

I have written a little about the topic of federalism here and here. For some very telling charts on the topic, go here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
76329,"I’m still getting barraged with emails regarding my post about about Huck’s portrayal of Mormon theology, mostly pointing out various theological distinctives on both the Mormon and Christian side that I glossed over. But this email I received from a pastor puts things in context:

I tend to agree with you. I do believe that, while Mormonism is obviously derived from Christianity, it is a different religion (cf. First Things, March 2000 and June/July 2000). But we are not electing the leader of my church, faith, or religion. The issue is not theology, but governance, and however much I disagree with Romney’s theology, it has led him to advocate a form of governance that I like, while the converse is true in Huckabee’s case – I like his theology, but his record of governance leaves much to be desired. Let Huckabee preach. Let Romney rule.

I think this separation here is the proper Christian view of religion’s role in governance — as outlined by Augustine and Martin Luther’s two cities/two kingdoms theology — and if you subscribe to that, Huck pointing out one of Romney’s “controversial” beliefs in such a political context is not okay. However Mormons arrive at their beliefs regarding morality, their morals should be acceptable to nearly every Christian in a civic sense. Huckabee is muddying the waters here, and it’s my sense that he damn well knows he’s up to no good when he points out Romney’s unorthodox beliefs.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
474856,"According to the Washington Post, “President Obama has decided not to endorse his deficit commission’s recommendation to raise the retirement age, and otherwise reduce Social Security benefits, in Tuesday’s State of the Union address.”

Democrats are happy. Taxpayers, on the other hand, should start worrying, stop counting on the promises made about future benefits, and start saving money for future increases in taxes. For one thing, by refusing to reform Social Security, President Obama is guaranteeing automatic benefit cuts of about 22 percent for everyone on the program in 2037 (when the trust funds run dry) without having had retirees plan for a replacement income. On the other hand, if in this distant future, Congress does what it does best–cave to special interests (in this case future seniors who won’t be happy to see their benefits cut)–then taxpayers will have to pick up the tab.

Of course, things will get dicier for the American people long before 2037. In 2015, the Social Security Trust Funds will run out of cash because the program will permanently start paying out more benefits than it collects in taxes. At that point, the program will start redeeming the IOUs in the trust funds to pay benefits to current seniors. At first, they will cash in the interests supposedly earned over the years, then in 2025 they will redeem the assets themselves until they dry out. But here is the problem. The federal government doesn’t have that money any more because it spent it on stimulus, education, green jobs, and more daily consumption. Then what? Well, it means that in order to repay the program so it can continue to pay out benefits at the promised levels, the federal government will have to borrow more money, increase taxes to get more revenue, or print more dollars. None of these options are good for the American people but it probably beats the alternative of not paying the benefits of current retirees.

By refusing to reform Social Security today, the president is telling the American people that he chooses the road to more taxes, more borrowing, or unanticipated benefit cuts for seniors already in the program.

My colleague Jason Fichtner and I just released a paper about the Social Security Trust Funds to explain how they work and how Americans can count on them, or not.The whole thing is here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
597830,"The Anti-Police Culture

Jack Dunphy reviews The War on Cops: How the New Attack on Law and Order Makes Everyone Less Safe, by Heather Mac Donald.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
685118,"Scarborough for POTUS?

By Daniel Foster — September 11, 2012

Vanity Fair reports, “no joke”, that Morning Joe co-host Joe Scarborough is planning to test the waters for a 2016 presidential run.

After the presidential inauguration in January, Joe (no fan of Mitt Romney’s—”I’ve been very critical”) plans on publishing a memoir that will serve—no joke—as a vehicle to test the waters for a presidential run in 2016. Take that, Mr. Romney.

I’d be curious how exactly Scarborough would position himself. He’s a born-again moderate, the kind of nominal Republican that liberals find it fashionable to include as “one of the good ones.” But as a member of the House GOP class of 1994, he was a reliable conservative with strong marks from the ACU and ATR. And he made his name as an attorney for his brief representation of Michael Griffin, who was convicted of murdering an abortionist in 1993.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
67185,"Consistency, we are told, is the hobgoblin of small minds. When it comes to Iran’s nuclear and missile programs, though, our government’s thinking seems to have gone cosmic. On the one hand, the White House is warning the world of Iran’s development of nuclear-armed missiles that could hit Europe. On the other, it continues to sanction U.S. funding of Russian institutes known to be helping Iran built large reactors and rockets.



Tracking this inconsistency requires not only an agile mind, but a strong stomach.

In the current negotiations over United Nations Security Council (UNSC) sanctions against Iran, U.S. officials are opposing the transport of anything that might help the nuclear- and long-range-missile programs of Iran. They are insisting that no financial credits, travel visas for individuals, or safe transit of goods be afforded if it might “contribute” to “proliferation-sensitive” nuclear or missile activities in Iran.

At the same time, though, the White House is backing a Department of Energy budget that would send more than $4 million in U.S.-taxpayer money to promote “nonproliferation” activities at least two prominent Russian nuclear institutes — the Federal Scientific and Industrial Center of Nuclear Machine Building and the Scientific Research Institute of Measuring Systems. Both are known to be helping to complete Iran’s large power reactor at Bushehr.

Our government is willing to fund these Russian institutes, as Secretary of Energy Bodman explained before the House Energy and Commerce Committee February 7, because Iran’s reactor at Bushehr is safeguarded by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). The presumption here is that, despite the IAEA’s previous failures to detect weapons activities in North Korea and Iraq, with the IAEA inspections of Bushehr, the reactor project would not present a significant proliferation threat.

Also, as senior officials at the Department of Energy told Congress last week, the aim of U.S. funding — to help redirect the work of the institute’s staff towards civilian, non-weapon, and commercial work and to block Russian brain drain to would-be bomb-makers — was to promote nonproliferation. In the Department of Energy’s view, then, “The fact of a Russian institute’s participation in the Bushehr project does not automatically disqualify it from participating in the Department’s scientist redirection program.”

U.S. policy, however, is different regarding Iran’s “peaceful” enrichment of uranium at Natanz, which the IAEA also has under international safeguards. The argument here is that Iran might use operations at this internationally inspected facility as a cover for a separate, covert uranium enrichment program at site outside of Natanz to make bombs.

The U.S. used to make the same argument about the reactor at Bushehr. In 2003, the State Department’s spokesman stated that the U.S. opposed Bushehr’s construction because the U.S. believed Iran was using it “as a cover and a pretext for obtaining sensitive technologies to advance its nuclear weapons program.” Secretary Bolton and the House Select Committee on Intelligence’s own staff report on Iran’s nuclear program also noted that Bushehr itself could produce tens of bombs’ worth of nuclear-weapons-usable plutonium and that Iran could gain access to this material whether the Russians took spent fuel from the reactor site or not.

In March of 2005, however, Moscow and the White House agreed not to make Russian assistance to Bushehr a matter for UNSC sanctions. The White House actually offered, with France, Germany, and the U.K., to join Russia in helping Iran build more reactors like Bushehr. In exchange, Moscow supported the first of a series of relatively weak UNSC sanctions resolutions targeted against Iran’s uranium-enrichment activities.

The U.S., therefore, opposes any nation helping Iran’s uranium-enrichment efforts whether they be safeguarded or not. Yet now it is entirely fine for Russia or any other nation to export components and expertise to Iran to complete reactors like Bushehr — a system that the U.S. used to view as a cover for Iranian nuclear-weapons activities and that annually can generate enough nuclear-weapon-usable plutonium to produce a sizable arsenal of atomic bombs.

As for long-range Iranian rockets, U.S. policy is equally inconsistent. Washington, as noted, is negotiating a United Nations resolution urging nations to stop helping Iran’s long-range-missile programs with technology, financing, staff, or hardware. On the other hand, the U.S. government continues to send millions of dollars annually to the Russian Federal Space Agency (RFSA) — an organization that U.S. intelligence agencies know is overseeing space institutes that are directly assisting Iran’s missiles programs. Compounding this weirdness is that the White House went out of its way two years ago to remove legal restrictions that otherwise would have blocked NASA from working with RFSA until it got out of the Iran rocket assistance game.

Under the Iran and Syria Nonproliferation Act of 2000, NASA was prohibited from funding any cooperative space projects with the Russian government unless the White House first certified that none of the space institutes under the Russian government’s control were assisting Iran’s long-range-missile programs. This included NASA progress payments to Russia for the Russian Federal Space Agency’s work on Soyuz — a safety rescue vehicle for the International Space Station.

By 2005, though, NASA and the White House found this ban irksome, and the White House asked Congress to relieve it of having to make any specific certifications regarding individual Russian space institutes. The argument made at the time was that amending the law was critical to keep the space station project on schedule and on budget (an worry that arose all of a sudden, after more than three decades and billions of dollars in space station delays and cost overruns). In any case, Congress quietly demurred and approved the request.

Earlier this month the fruits of this policy were realized on two fronts. First, on February 4, Iran launched a large rocket into space, an event that demonstrated that Tehran is pressing ahead with its efforts to extend the rocketry’s range. Three days later, the U.S. launched a shuttle mission to the International Space Station knowing it could count on Russia to make its Soyuz transit vehicle available if needed.

The White House, of course, has long been concerned about Iran’s increasing ability to target NATO. Last year, it initiated an effort to build multi-billion dollar missile defenses against such rockets in Poland and the Czech Republic. U.S. diplomats are also negotiating language for yet another United Nations Security Council resolution against Iran that would focus on Iran’s nuclear-capable-missile program.

Still, it is U.S. policy to continue to fund the RFSA even though the U.S. director of national intelligence last year again confirmed publicly that entities under Russian supervision continue to help Iran’s long-range-rocket program directly. It remains to be seen if the White House would use the authority it might gain, in a United Nations Security Council resolution against Iran, to block the movement of Russian rocket experts or of NASA progress payments to the RFSA. Cynics who know how NASA and Congress operate, however, already are discounting this possibility.

As for Congress, the House last year overwhelmingly passed a bill that would maintain sanctions on Iran. This bill would block the U.S. from entering into formal nuclear cooperation with Russia (President Bush initialed such an agreement with Putin last summer) until the president certified that Russia no longer was assisting Iran’s nuclear or missile programs (civil or otherwise). An identical bill has been drafted in the Senate and has 69 cosponsors. It is being held up by a single senator at the request, for some reason, of the White House.

None of this is easy to understand. To any U.S. taxpayer or ally concerned about Iran, it’s got to give not only inconsistency, but U.S. policy, a bad name.

– Henry Sokolski is the executive director of the Nonproliferation Policy Education Center in Washington, D.C., and editor of Falling Behind: International Scrutiny of the Peaceful Atom (U.S. Army War College, 2008).",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
705872,"A new Quinnipiac University Poll has businessman Jeff Greene jumping to a 33-23 percent lead over Obama-backed Congressman Kendrick Meek in the Florida Dem senate primary. Former Miami Mayor Maurice Ferre trails at a distant 4 percent. The survey analysis reports 35 percent of Dem voters remain undecided, while “54 percent of those who name a candidate say they might change their mind.” The previous Quinnipiac survey had Meek with a slim 29 – 27 percent lead over Greene.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434364,"Getting Opposition Research From the Russian Government Is a Terrible Idea

By David French — October 31, 2017

As news emerged yesterday that yet another Trump campaign staffer sought “dirt” on Hillary Clinton from Russian sources, it’s worth addressing again why it’s just plain wrong to seek opposition research from geopolitical foes. I keep seeing Trump campaign apologists claiming that it’s just fine to dig up dirt, regardless of source. When it comes to seeking meetings with Russian officials, this view is naïve at the very best and generally just plain nuts.

Let’s put aside for the moment the rather important reality that foes like the Russians will only provide you with information that advances their self-interests, rendering you a tool of a national enemy. Let’s focus on the fact that the contact itself is so toxic that it’s inherently compromising. Here’s what I wrote this summer, when folks were actually defending Donald Trump Jr., Paul Manafort, and Jared Kushner for meeting with a purported Russian operative:

Moreover, it glosses over a fundamental political reality — by taking meetings with enemies, expressing a willingness to cooperate with enemies, and concealing those meetings, you grant your enemy leverage over your political fortunes. We do not know the extent of the Trump team’s interactions with the Russians. The Russians, however, do, and they know if the Trump team is lying in its most current round of public statements. If there are further contacts or more or different embarrassing paper trails, then that knowledge can hang like the sword of Damocles over the heads of relevant Trump officials. Can that impact their dealings with Russia? Will it? Perhaps not, but they’re only human, and human beings tend to act in their perceived self-interest. I don’t want to use an over-worked term like “kompromat,” but compromising information doesn’t need to truly “turn” someone to have its impact. It can have more subtle and insidious influence, placing boundaries on your own behavior and causing fear that should not exist.

Now consider yesterday’s most surprising news — George Papadopoulos’s guilty plea. The inherent impropriety and foolishness of his contact compromised him so much that he committed a federal crime rather than tell the truth. Think of the multiple public falsehoods from members of the Trump team concealing their own Russian contacts. Has anyone else lied to the FBI? Time will tell.

Yes, it is very true that law enforcement, for example, often uses the worst of sources — including terrorists — to gain access to important information. It’s also true that information about criminal behavior most often resides in the hands of criminals. But there is a quantum difference between the actions of trained intelligence officers and mere campaign operatives. Campaign operatives possess a fraction of the resources, only the smallest amount of overall situational awareness, and all the wrong incentives. Eager for dirt, they become dupes.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
694490,"A sad and at times bizarre story out of Vassar shows how profoundly troubled America’s colleges now are. The campus fossil-fuel divestment campaign that’s swept across the nation over the past few months has intensified the atmosphere of leftist indoctrination now typical of many schools, turning classic notions of education as the free exchange of ideas into a distant memory. In the blink of an eye, fossil fuel producers have been turned into the equivalent of apartheid enforcers, while the Occupy movement has risen from the dead to become a free-ranging campus mob.

Our harrowing tale of political correctness run amuck will show Vassar’s fossil-fuel divestment campaign stoking a climate of fear that touches not only conservative students, but even moderates, who dare not draw the ire of this new campus crusade.

Yet a climate of political intimidation was present at Vassar well before the advent of the divestment movement, and it’s worth attending to that background before turning to today’s divestment debate.

Consider a September 2012 opinion piece by sophomore Luka Ladan in Vassar’s student paper, The Miscellany News. Ladan tells of election-year political science classes that regularly devolve into snickering sessions aimed at Mitt Romney, Paul Ryan and other Republican candidates. Professors take the lead, teaming up with liberal students to mock Republicans and anyone else who leans right. The Vassar students I’ve contacted (some afraid to speak for attribution) largely confirm this picture. Sophomore computer science major Jarret Holtz, told me, “I don’t feel that [conservative students at Vassar] are able to freely express their views at all.”

How could they be, when Vassar has found semi-official ways of engaging in partisan politics. Take Vassar’s “College Committee on Sustainability” (CCS), part of the school’s official structure of governance. About a week before the 2012 election, the CCS website pointed to the upcoming vote and told students to educate themselves on the issues by following the news. CCS then suggested that students consult three leftist sources of national news and opinion (no other national sources were provided), Grist , Mother Jones , and Aljazeera . Following-up just before election day, CCS reminded students about these outlets and urged them to vote. CCS did add that it was not the place of Vassar’s sustainability committee to endorse particular candidates. Yet given its recommendations for reading, few can doubt which political party this official arm of the college was supporting.

Vassar’s fossil-fuel divestment movement is a product of this thoroughly politicized campus atmosphere, where students feign boldness by inching just a bit to the left of the school’s semi-official political posture. So it’s no surprise that on February 24, the Vassar Student Association passed a divestment resolution by a margin of 23-1. As with the “debate” on fossil-fuel divestment at Harvard , no student prior to that vote mounted a challenge to the fundamental premises of the movement: that fossil-fuel producers are “public enemies” every bit as contemptible as South African apartheid, that catastrophic levels of global warming are imminent, and that America’s fossil-fuel industry can be effectively shut down by government fiat without massive social harm.

In the wake of this near-unanimous but ill-informed student vote, Vassar’s Moderate, Independent, Conservative Alliance (MICA), led by junior, cognitive science major Julian Hassan, invited Alex Epstein, President of the Center for Industrial Progress and a proponent and defender of America’s conventional energy industries, to speak at Vassar. In doing so, Hassan and MICA crossed a red line. In effect, they started the debate that should have begun long before any student vote on divestment was taken. That’s when the spit hit the fan.

Picking up on Epstein’s book title, Fossil Fuels Improve the Planet , Hassan posted links to what he called MICA’s “Vassar Loves Fossil Fuels” campaign on student facebook pages, and placed event slips for the Epstein talk in student mailboxes. Posters advertizing the lecture were promptly covered or ripped down, and widespread campus ridicule followed. Hassan says that at this point, his room lock was broken. Who broke it or why is unknown, yet the timing is curious. Hassan now had legitimate concerns for his safety.

Then came an opinion piece in The Miscellany News denouncing MICA’s invitation to Epstein. Students Jeremy Bright and Will Serio, both former presidents of MICA, argued that ridicule had rightly been heaped on the Epstein invitation and objected to an attempt to “redirect the discourse” on divestment by challenging the core premises of the movement. In other words, Bright and Serio objected to a real debate.

The divestment campaign consistently fails to acknowledge the massive social and economic costs that would follow a federally mandated phase-out of the fossil-fuel industry, a point Epstein forcefully and thoughtfully brings across in his talks. Yet Bright and Serio said that it would have been smarter to have students mock Epstein’s YouTube videos for free than to shell out $$2,430 in student funds to bring him to Vassar to speak.

I am far from taking the divestment campaign’s founder and leader, Bill McKibben as my guide in such matters, but if even McKibben was willing to respectfully debate Epstein at Duke University, why shouldn’t Vassar students hear from Epstein as well? And if Vassar’s Political Science, Sociology, and International Studies Departments can serve as official co-sponsors of a teach-in on behalf of the extremist and openly anti-capitalist Occupy Wall Street movement, how is inviting a libertarian defender of American industry to Vassar out of bounds?

It gets worse. After bemoaning the supposed waste of student funds on Epstein in the Miscellany, Serio and another student privately approached Hassan and pressured him to pay Epstein the agreed-upon fee not to speak at Vassar. When I wrote Serio to ask why, he said that he’d wanted to avoid the “imminent negative campus response” to Epstein’s talk. He also claimed that since Vassar’s student government had already passed a divestment resolution, the lecture would only “[reignite] an issue that had already been settled.”

In all my years of reporting on campus conflicts, this is the most appalling instance of political correctness I can recall. That students would advocate paying an articulate libertarian conservative not to speak on campus signifies the near-collapse of the ethos of classic liberal education. If Epstein’s views were as indefensible as Serio claims, questioning him in person would be precisely the way to expose that. Any way you slice it, students would learn from the talk. Yet Serio would prefer to spend thousands in student funds to prevent the dreaded Epstein from speaking.

Inadvertently, Serio has revealed the harm of the divestment campaign. Politicizing college endowments is the surest way to kill free debate on campus. Once a school takes an official stand on an issue of public controversy, campus opponents are effectively silenced. In Serio’s eyes, even a hastily-passed and ill-informed student divestment resolution sufficed to delegitimize further debate. After speaking to a number of Vassar students, I’m convinced that avoiding the anger and ridicule of divestment proponents is the reason even campus moderates felt the need to distance themselves from the Epstein invitation.

I don’t want to be too hard on young Mr. Serio. (Half the point of college is to make mistakes.) I’ve read some of his writings and they’re thoughtful and non-doctrinaire. Ultimately, students like Serio are responding to an atmosphere of political pressure and cramped debate that the administration and faculty have allowed or encouraged at Vassar. Political intimidation among Vassar’s students flourishes on the model provided by adults.

Ripped-up lecture ads and demands that Epstein be paid to walk away from Vassar were only the beginning. Shortly before Epstein’s lecture, a Vassar student issued a bizarre threat on his Facebook page. Lashing out at “‘Middle-class’ Industrial Capitalist A**holes” (no asterisks in the original), he threatened to walk in on Epstein’s talk and do physical damage to himself, horrifying the audience as a way of disrupting the lecture. This alarmed MICA and prompted a call to campus security, which was present at the event as a result.

At the lecture, maybe thirty people (about a third of those present, not counting the 130 online viewers) waited in the audience to launch a pre-planned walkout, to be signaled when a protester interrupted the talk to read a statement attacking Epstein. A number of the protesters entered the room wearing masks of former Vice-President Cheney. Non-protesting students told me that the masked protesters turned the room tense and uncomfortable, since their presence implicitly threatened some sort of disruption. Others said the protesters were using “Occupy tactics” (Occupiers who vandalize businesses typically wear masks). I was also told that a number of the students who walked out were veterans of the Occupy movement.

Vigorous but peaceful protests outside a lecture with masks and street theater are fine, of course. Interrupting a talk is different. It’s got nothing to do with education, for one thing. As Epstein wrote me afterwards, “While some bodies walked out of the room in the middle of the speech, their minds never really walked in.” And a brief interruption tolerated becomes a precedent for more serious interruptions down the line.

The students I contacted were angry about the walkout and embarrassed for Vassar. The protesters, on the other hand, tweeted a proud picture with a poster they’d ripped down. These students may fancy themselves courageous, but hiding behind masks and refusing to risk public contradiction by questioning a political opponent is cowardly.

As for the talk itself, you can watch it on video. The walkout comes at about 29 minutes into the tape. You can hear students criticizing the protesters as they leave. (A brief video with a better camera angle on the walkout can be found here .) But the real takeaway from the video is that, agree or disagree, the dreaded Epstein laid out a perfectly reasonable case for the importance of fossil fuels and the dangers of putting the industry that produces them out of business without an economically viable substitute. The notion that a talk like this is out of place at an institution of higher education is pernicious. If anything, students desperately need to hear Epstein’s side of the story.

I asked Vassar’s administration for a comment on the walkout, the ripping down of ads for the talk, and on the threat by a student to harm himself at the talk as a protest. Acting Vassar College President, Jonathan Chenette has so far addressed only the walkout. Chenette’s statement, forwarded to me by Vassar, emphasizes that Epstein took the walkout in stride (true), yet added that the students who “[exited] rather than engaging” had “lost an opportunity for exchange and questioning.” (I have some serious concerns about this statement, but I’ll raise them when I reproduce the full text in a follow-up post.) My first response to Chenette’s statement is that it won’t do much to address the underlying problems at Vassar, which run deep.

There may be faculty at Vassar who still respect the ideals of liberal education as classically understood. Notwithstanding that, Vassar appears to have passed a tipping point beyond which these ideals no longer meaningfully operate where they’re most needed. Classes filled with courteous and respectful discussion don’t mean much if students dare not raise questions that half the country might ask.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638795,"Juanita Broaddrick Still Haunts Hillary Clinton

‘She threatened me.’ —Juanita Broaddrick on Hillary’s role in covering for Bill Clinton

By Ian Tuttle — January 20, 2016

On January 6, a ghost from Hillary Clinton’s past stirred:

“I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me,” Juanita Broaddrick tweeted from her home in Van Buren, Ark. “I am now 73. . . . it never goes away.”

I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73….it never goes away. — Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) January 6, 2016

For Hillary Clinton, who a month earlier had tweeted, “Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard, believed, and supported,” and who has made her record on “women’s issues” (as her website phrases it) central to her campaign, Broaddrick’s tweet is the stuff of nightmare. Faulkner might have been writing directly to the Clintons when he warned: “The past is never dead. It’s not even past.”

In the catalogue of accusations against Bill Clinton — a litany that includes names such as Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey — Broaddrick’s stands out. It remains not only the most credible accusation against Clinton and the most serious. It is also the one about which the Clintons have said the least. The entire record of the Clintons’ response to Broaddrick’s allegations amounts to one line, from President Clinton’s lawyer David Kendall in 1999: “Any allegation that the president assaulted Juanita Broaddrick more than 20 years ago is absolutely false.”

In a now-famous interview with Dateline NBC’s Lisa Myers, which aired on February 24, 1999, Broaddrick laid out her accusation in full for the first time. Broaddrick first met Bill Clinton in April 1978, when he visited her nursing home, Brownwood Manor, during a stop on his gubernatorial campaign. She says Clinton invited her to visit him at the campaign’s headquarters should she ever make it to Little Rock, two-and-a-half hours southeast.

Shortly after, when she visited the state capital in late April for a nursing-home conference, she called him. According to Broaddrick, Clinton suggested that they meet in the coffee shop of her hotel — the Camelot, now the Doubletree. When he arrived, though, he said there were too many reporters and asked if they could go up to her room. Broaddrick told Myers that the request made her “a little bit uneasy,” but that she didn’t think she was in any danger. “I thought it was professional, completely.”

Inside, and at the room’s window, which Broaddrick recalled look down on the Arkansas River, Clinton pointed to a small building, a prison, and said he hoped to renovate it when he became governor. “Then all of a sudden, he turned me around and started kissing me.” As she recounted to NBC:

I first pushed him away and just told him “No, please don’t do that,” and I forget, it’s been 21 years, Lisa, and I forget exactly what he was saying. It seems like he was making statements that would relate to “Did you not know why I was coming up here?” and I told him at the time, I said, “I’m married, and I have other things going on in my life, and this is something that I’m not interested in. . . . Then he tries to kiss me again. And the second time he tries to kiss me he starts biting my lip [she cries]. Just a minute . . . He starts to, um, bite on my top lip and I tried to pull away from him. [crying] And then he forces me down on the bed. And I just was very frightened, and I tried to get away from him and I told him “No,” that I didn’t want this to happen [crying] but he wouldn’t listen to me.

After the assault, “He walks to the door, and calmly puts on his sunglasses,” Broaddrick said. “And before he goes out the door he says, ‘You better get some ice on that.’” And then he left.

Seven years before Broaddrick’s accusation, a different woman — Anita Hill — had leveled an accusation of sexual harassment at another public figure: then–D.C. circuit judge and Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas. Hill, who had worked under Thomas when he was at the Department of Education and later at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, alleged that Thomas had “pressed” her to go out with him socially, and later “talked about pornographic materials” and “his own sexual prowess” in the office, making Hill “extremely uncomfortable.”

RELATED: How Bill Quickly Went from Asset to Liability for Hillary’s Campaign

Compared with Broaddrick’s, that accusation was mild. In her initial Senate testimony, Hill only went so far as to call it “offensive behavior.” But Hill found a stalwart backer in one Hillary Clinton, then the wife of the “boy governor” of Arkansas, who one week before the allegation broke had announced his campaign for the presidency.

Hill’s accusation was entirely unsupported. The only person to publicly back Hill’s claim, Angela Wright, was rejected as unreliable by the Senate Judiciary Committee before she could testify, and Hill’s own testimony altered during a grilling by then–Pennsylvania senator Arlen Specter, who said afterward that he believed Hill had committed “flat-out perjury.” Senator Alan Simpson, a Wyoming Republican, noted that after the period of alleged harassment, Hill made personal visits to Thomas, breakfasted with him, dined with him (twice), rode alone in a car with him, and initiated eleven calls to him between 1984 and 1987.

Yet at the annual meeting of the American Bar Association in August 1992, the future first lady hailed Hill as someone who had “transformed consciousness and changed history with her courageous testimony.” “All women who care about equality of opportunity, about integrity and morality in the workplace are in Professor Anita Hill’s debt,” she added. That was ten months after Thomas had declared the confirmation proceedings a “high-tech lynching” and the Senate had confirmed him to the bench.

By contrast, Juanita Broaddrick’s claim was supported by not one but five witnesses and a host of circumstantial (though no physical) evidence. Broaddrick’s colleague Norma Rogers, who was attending the conference in Little Rock with her, says she found Broaddrick in her hotel room crying and “in a state of shock” on the morning of the alleged assault, her pantyhose torn and her lip swollen. According to Rogers, Broaddrick told her that Bill Clinton had “forced himself on her.”

RELATED: Why Do Women Have to Shout to Get Hillary to Hear Them on Sexual Assault?

At the time, Broaddrick (then Juanita Hickey) was having an affair with David Broaddrick, who would become her second husband. David Broaddrick told Dateline NBC that he remembers Juanita’s arriving home with a swollen lip and telling him that she had been assaulted by Bill Clinton.

And three other friends — Susan Lewis, Louis Ma, and Norma Rogers’s sister Jean Darden — all maintain that Broaddrick told them about the rape, too. (Rogers and Darden stand by their stories but have pointed out that they have an apparent conflict of interest: As governor, Clinton commuted the life sentence of the man who murdered their father.)

Two small details lend particular credence to Broaddrick’s story.

First, the lip. In 1998, after previously denying any such rumors, actress Elizabeth Gracen admitted to having a one-night stand with Bill Clinton in 1982. She claimed that, during rough sexual intercourse, Clinton bit her lip.

RELATED: The Dirty Business of the Billary Machine, Again

Second, in an account of the assault given to the Wall Street Journal and published shortly before her NBC interview, Broaddrick made the peculiar claim that Clinton told her she need not worry about becoming pregnant. He was sterile, he said, from a childhood case of mumps. Gennifer Flowers, who in 1992 claimed to have had a twelve-year sexual relationship with Clinton in the 1970s and 1980s, and Dolly Kyle Browning, who claims a three-decade affair with Bill, both told The Weekly Standard that Clinton told them he had a fertility problem. And in his book Blood Sport, James Stewart reported that Bill and Hillary “contemplated a visit to a doctor at the University of California” in the late 1970s, because they were worried that they could not conceive.

All of this evidence — far more than was ever present in the Anita Hill case — was available in 1999. But Hillary Clinton kept silent. And she may have intimidated Broaddrick into silence.

Months after her NBC interview, Broaddrick told the Drudge Report that the wife of the gubernatorial candidate made a point of meeting her at a Clinton campaign event just two weeks after the alleged assault.

She came directly to me as soon as she hit the door. I had been there only a few minutes, I only wanted to make an appearance and leave. She caught me and took my hand and said: “I am so happy to meet you. I want you to know that we appreciate everything you do for Bill.” I started to turn away and she held onto my hand and reiterated her phrase — looking less friendly and repeated her statement — “Everything you do for Bill.” I said nothing. She wasn’t letting me get away until she made her point. She talked low, the smile faded on the second thank you. I just released her hand from mine and left the gathering.

Broaddrick had related the episode to NBC, but it had been nixed in the cutting room. In 2003, in an interview with Fox News’s Sean Hannity, Broaddrick repeated the story, adding: “I could have passed out at that moment. . . . Cold chills went up my spine. That’s the first time I became afraid of that woman.”

Years after that encounter, in 1984, Broaddrick — who in the meantime had accepted a position to a state board (before she knew it was a gubernatorial appointment, she says) — received a letter from Clinton recognizing her nursing home for its work. At the bottom, the governor had handwritten: “I admire you very much.” Broaddrick interpreted that as a thank-you for her silence.

The consistency of Broaddrick’s account over the years, and the correspondence of her account with that of the multiple witnesses, has been difficult for critics to explain away. Additionally, there is documentation of Broaddrick’s presence at the Camelot Hotel in April 1978 — for a nursing-home conference, as she claims. Moreover, she took no money to make her accusation, unlike Flowers, who netted $$500,000 from broadcasting her allegations in Penthouse and other publications. Many have retreated to arguing that Clinton probably did have sex with Broaddrick, but it was consensual. Broaddrick, for her part, has never retreated from her claim.

RELATED: Hillary Clinton Is Not a Feminist

Clinton’s stauncher defenders seize on two apparent inconsistencies: Broaddrick’s reluctance to come forward about the assault (she waited more than 20 years) and an affidavit she signed in 1998 declaring: “I do not have any information to offer regarding a nonconsensual or unwelcome sexual advance by Mr. Clinton.” The first is no discrepancy at all. The unwillingness of rape victims to admit their assault is a well-known phenomenon — and one that Hillary Clinton and others acknowledged when they readily supported Anita Hill, whose accusations, when they were first aired, were ten years old.

The question of the affidavit is more interesting. In November 1997, Rick and Beverly Lambert, private investigators hired by Paula Jones’s legal team, secretly recorded a conversation they had with Juanita Broaddrick on her doorstep in Van Buren. Broaddrick was not amenable to being interviewed, but the reasons she offered were noteworthy: “Oh, bad things, I can’t even begin to tell you,” she says at one point. “It’s not pleasant and I won’t even go into it. . . . It’s very private. We’re talking about something 20 years ago. . . . It’s just that was a long time ago and I don’t want to relive it.” When the Lamberts suggest that the accusations of sexual misconduct might harm Clinton, Broaddrick says: “Well, there’s just absolutely no way that anyone can get to him, he’s just too vicious.”

That is the same language Broaddrick would use two years later during her NBC interview when, describing the moment of the rape, she said, “He [Bill] was such a different person at that moment. He was just a vicious, awful person.” And in explaining to Lisa Myers why she had not reported her assault to authorities, Broaddrick said: “I didn’t think anyone would believe me in the world. . . . I was also afraid what would happen to me if I came forward. I was afraid that I would be destroyed like so many of the other women have been.” The consistencies between this recording and Broaddrick’s later interview are particularly noteworthy given that Broaddrick did not know she was being recorded.

And it may not have been the first time Broaddrick was secretly recorded. In 1992, Phillip Yoakum, an Arkansas businessman, learned of Broaddrick’s assault from one of her colleagues. Yoakum penned a letter, encouraging Broaddrick to go public with her charge. The letter was widely circulated among Republicans, who hoped to use it to puncture Bill Clinton’s 1992 presidential hopes. In October, the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times got wind of a story “that a nursing-home executive had been sexually assaulted in 1978 by Bill Clinton,” as the New York Times later wrote. But both papers passed, dismissing it as a hoax.

RELATED: Hillary, Not Trump, Forced Us to Revisit Bill Clinton’s Scandals

Yoakum claimed to have secretly recorded a conversation with Broaddrick in which she outlined her allegation. He never revealed any such recording, but in her conversation with the Lamberts, Broaddrick mentions in passing: “I thought maybe ya’ll had gotten the recording and that’s the reason you came.” In other words, she worried that they had learned about the allegations she made in that conversation, which, as noted above, she makes clear she does not want to discuss.

Skeptics cite Broaddrick’s 1998 affidavit as a decisive inconsistency. (Clinton adviser Sidney Blumenthal points to it in his memoir The Clinton Wars.) But, in fact, it appears to be little more than an explicable anomaly. In 1978, in 1992, in 1997, and in 1999, in public and in private, Broaddrick’s story is generally consistent. By contrast, Anita Hill’s testimony broke down in a matter of hours.

Unlike Anita Hill, Broaddrick was never lauded by Hillary Clinton for “transforming consciousness” or offering “courageous testimony.”

Instead, she was audited. In the summer of 2000, Bill’s last year in the White House, the nursing home Broaddrick had operated for a quarter-century was selected for additional scrutiny by the IRS — to Broaddrick’s bewilderment: “Our business has not changed in any way — no change in ownership, no change in anything,” Broaddrick told The Weekly Standard. “I can’t imagine what would draw someone’s attention to my business.” Coincidentally, both Paula Jones and Elizabeth Gracen also scored IRS audits during the Clinton years.

It has now been 17 years since Juanita Broaddrick went public with her accusation, and 38 years since the alleged assault. She has largely receded from the public eye that she never wanted to attract in the first place.

But the Clintons have not. Hillary Clinton, despite an investigation by the FBI, remains the presumptive presidential nominee of the Democratic party, and it is not at all unlikely that Bill Clinton might find himself back in the White House, albeit in a different role.

RELATED: President Bill vs. Candidate Hillary

Broaddrick hates the thought of it. Seeing the Clintons on front pages and magazine covers again: “It’s so difficult,” she tells me from her home in Van Buren. And of the former secretary of state’s tweet about believing survivors of assault, she exclaims: “Shame on you, Hillary! Shame on you! How could you tweet out something like that when you know we’re all still here, and we’ve tried to come forward?”

Broaddrick confesses that she no longer recalls every detail. “Well! I haven’t thought about him in years!” she says when I ask about Phillip Yoakum. She doesn’t remember if they ever talked or about a secret recording in the early 1990s.

But her story has not changed. When I ask about the affidavit, she says just what she told Lisa Myers in 1999: “I wanted to stay in the background. I didn’t want the publicity regarding it. I just did not want to come forward.”

And Hillary? When Bill’s wife shook her hand in 1978, was she trying to send a message? “There was no doubt in my mind. It not only shocked me, it made me very frightened. The smile dropped, and the intonation of her voice, it was very cold. She knew what he had done to me, and she was saying, ‘Thank you very much for keeping quiet.’”

I ask Broaddrick what happens now — now that she and her story are back in the news. “I honestly do not know where things go from here,” she says. “I can tell you I’m not political. I have no political interest whatsoever. My only interest is in making sure the Clintons don’t get back into the White House. I know nothing about politics. All I know is what happened in that room in 1978, and what happened two weeks later, when she threatened me.”

“I sat for about an hour with my Twitter account,” she adds. “I sat there for the longest time and thought, ‘Don’t do this.’ But I did it. And I’m glad I did.”

— Ian Tuttle is a National Review Institute Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
558765,"Politifact has named Democratic claims that Republicans want to end Medicare as the lie of the year for 2011. While I share Mark Hemingway’s concerns about the rise of fact-checking operations, he also points out that it is harder to get one of these operations to point out a misleading claim from the Democrats, so that fact that the Medicare claim topped the list gives this assessment an added level of credibility. Of course, it’s not a new claim. As I wrote in Commentary a few months ago, Democrats have been engaged in a Mediscare campaign against Republicans on decades. The hope is that Politifact’s ruling will put an end to this canard for 2012 and beyond, but I wouldn’t count on it.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
289062,"MSNBC’s praise of President Obama’s State of the Union address stopped at the water’s edge on Tuesday night, with Andrea Mitchell and Chris Matthews agreeing that the president’s “rosy” international picture is completely divorced from reality.

President Obama told Congress that America was making progress in its fight against the Islamic State. “It’s really hard-pressed to see the progress that they claim,” Mitchell said, noting that the Free Syrian Army was still in utero and that Assad and the Islamic State both continue to terrorize millions. Coupled with the Charlie Hebdo attacks and Boko Haram, she said, “things are in a pretty dire state.”

Matthews agreed, saying it was as if the president “define[d] his universe . . . I kept thinking tonight that there’s a real world out there that he didn’t really talk about.”

“I think on foreign policy, his projection of success against terrorism, and against ISIS in particular, is not close to reality,” Mitchell admitted. “They just — they have not come up with a strategy.”

Mitchell went on to note that even in a partial success story like Ukraine – where sanctions on Russia are starting to bite – ”Ukraine is going to need more weaponry.”

“So you’re right, Chris, it doesn’t match the reality,” she concluded.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
327073,"The British EU referendum is a right-wing project. It came about as a result of David Cameron’s need to protect his right flank from the anti-EU United Kingdom Independence party before the 2015 general election, and Conservative-party politicians — Boris Johnson and Michael Gove most prominent among them — who have become the public image of the Leave campaign. But with Leave currently running neck-and-neck with Remain in opinion polling, simple mathematics dictates that the Brexiteer ranks are composed of, at least partly, some Labour voters. And in recent days, as the referendum approaches, a notable number of Labour MPs have come out in favor of leaving the EU.

Those MPs are going against the grain of their party — and bucking the trend of political tribalism — but their case is an interesting one, in some ways more compelling than the arguments put forth by Johnson, Gove, and Nigel Farage (which, for some, veer too close to xenophobia for comfort). Old-time socialist Dennis Skinner, for instance, framed his pro-Brexit stance in a familiar 20th-century way: “My opposition from the very beginning has been on the lines that fighting capitalism state-by-state is hard enough,” he wrote in the Morning Star. “It’s even harder when you’re fighting it on the basis of eight states, 10 states, and now 28.” Consider also the anti-EU case made by Labour MP John Mann: “The EU’s fundamentally broken, it’s undemocratic, and even when you want to get changes — as when David Cameron tried — you can’t get them.” With that argument comes the rejection of any possibility of negotiating reform from within the EU — instead, the EU appears as a politically corrupt organization rotten to its core.

Kate Hoey, a Labour MP who has had a fitful relationship with her party, merged Skinner’s and Mann’s arguments in an op-ed published last week. Sharing Skinner’s hostility to capitalism and Mann’s concern about democracy, she wrote: “The EU is part of the global movement to remove democratic resistance to capitalism. . . . The purpose of the EU, [former European Commission president José Manuel Durrão] Barosso’s ‘antidote to democracy,’ is to remove the opportunity to change anything.” Here the EU stands as an active impediment to the lifelong project of the Left: to construct a welfare state on working-class foundations, to work towards the elimination of capitalism and the establishment of a socialist order.

Mann’s, Skinner’s, and Hoey’s stances may seem out-of-place in the current state of British politics, but they can find strong predecessors in the history of the Labour party. In 1962, when British membership of what was then called the European Common Market first became a political flashpoint, Labour leader Hugh Gaitskell declared that a vote to join Europe would mean “the end of Britain as an independent European state . . . the end of a thousand years of history.” Gaitskell laid down five conditions under which Britain could join the Common Market. One of those conditions was the right for Britain to continue to engage in central planning of the economy, a demand whose echoes can be heard in the arguments offered by pro-Brexit Labour MPs in the lead-up to next week’s referendum.

Not only do those MPs have behind them the force of their party’s history; they can also marshal, simply put, a stronger argument than can their leader, Jeremy Corbyn. A radical from North London not quite fit to lead Britain’s opposition, Corbyn is, like the Labour dissidents, no fan of the EU. The list of his Eurosceptic votes and statements is a long and unglamorous one: He voted against the Lisbon Treaty, he favored leaving the European Economic Community in 1975, he accused the EU of responsibility for human-rights abuses in Western Sahara, he harshly criticized the EU’s treatment of Greece, and he once described the European bureaucracy as “totally unaccountable to anybody.” He failed to give his first pro-EU speech until the middle of April, and even then he urged Britons to vote to stay in the EU, “warts and all.”

For a man with an obvious distaste for the European project — The Economist aptly wrote that he views the EU as a “capitalist conspiracy” — what is the case for staying in? This is where Corbyn’s argument enters thorny territory. It goes, in short: The EU in its current form is awash with problems, and the deal Cameron negotiated is entirely wrong — and that’s why Britain needs to stay in.

That was the gist of Corbyn’s bizarre op-ed in in The Guardian in February, the majority of which he devoted to attacking the terms Cameron had negotiated with Europe and the terms on which Britain will remain in the EU should Remain be victorious on June 23. That deal, Corbyn wrote, was intended mostly to protect Cameron’s friends in the City’s financial industry, and the negotiations were essentially “about trying to appease his opponents in the Conservative party, rather than delivering the reforms that would make the EU work better for working people.”

But despite all those misgivings, Corbyn said Labour would campaign to stay in Europe for the sake of building a united front against austerity and a Europe conducive to social justice and jobs. “Europe needs to change,” he said in the April speech. “But that change can only come from working with our allies in the EU.” Last July, before winning the Labour leadership, he phrased the same sentiment in somewhat more bitter terms: “We cannot be content with the state of the EU as it stands. But that does not mean walking away, but staying to fight together for a better Europe.”

Corbyn said Labour would campaign to stay in Europe for the sake of building a united front against austerity and a Europe conducive to social justice and jobs.

Corbyn’s is a weak argument. It begins from the premise that the EU in its current form stands contrary to left-wing ideology and then assumes that, through concerted action, the Left will form a Europe-wide front and dislodge the pro-austerity, anti-democratic nature of Brussels bureaucrats and, more dauntingly, Angela Merkel and the Bundestag. The argument put forth by the pro-Brexit Labour MPs, which urges simply leaving behind the EU bureaucracy to create a New Jerusalem, is far more compelling, and it carries an optimistic vision of the future rather than one rooted in a long and arduous struggle to an uncertain end.

The left-wing argument for Brexit is also more convincing on another axis. The difference between Corbyn’s pro-EU position and the Labour dissenters’ pro-Brexit one comes down to a simple dispute over the purpose of national government. Skinner, Mann, and Hoey believe national governments should protect the interests of the people who reside in the nation, and should act in the nation’s interests. Corbyn believes — or at least espouses a belief — in a more cosmopolitan creed, one in which the people of Britain must do what they can to protect working people across all of Europe, not merely on their own islands. Cosmopolitanism is already a tough sell to voters, but Corbyn’s version of it, which requires not merely associative ties but also an active and ongoing political battle, is even more of a stretch.

The weakness of Corbyn’s perspective, which focuses not on the interests solely of the British people but rather on the supposed interests of all Europeans, is that it is the one that led to the anti-democratic mess of the EU in the first place. National voters will favor representatives who vow to act in their constituents’ interests; bureaucrats in Brussels face no such electoral constraints. The pro-Brexit Labour argument, however, holds the key to recovering parliamentary sovereignty and the right of Britain to govern its own affairs in their entirety — something that is impossible under the EU’s current arrangements and would be impossible under Cameron’s renegotiated terms as well. Not only would Brexit, as the Right argues, represent a vital component in reinvigorating the moribund strains of contemporary democracy; from a left-wing perspective, it can also be the crucial step in freeing Britain from the EU’s overarching capitalism and developing a renewed leftism in the United Kingdom. Perhaps it is also the key to reclaiming the Labour party’s lost identity.

The British pollster Marcus Roberts currently reckons that a Leave victory would require four in 10 Labour voters to back Brexit. Given the weakness of Corbyn’s argument for Remain and the strength of Mann’s, Skinner’s, and Hoey’s arguments for Leave, that should not be viewed as an impossibility.

— Noah Daponte-Smith is an intern at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
326149,"One of the most powerful organizations in America is headed by a man. His chief of staff is a man. And although the institution has both male and female employees, it was revealed yesterday in a Washington Post report that its women employees make 87 percent as much as the men do, and have done so for years.

If this institution were any other one, feminist organizations would be howling with indignation, using it as yet another example of why a federal law is needed to mandate equal pay outcomes for women.

But this organization is the only one that feminists refuse to attack: the Obama White House.

For the better part of a century, women’s organizations rightly complained about a double standard: one set of rules for men, another set of rules for women. Now we have the 21st-century double standard: one set of rules for the Obama White House, another set of rules for everyone else.

With the news that White House women are paid 87 cents on a man’s dollar, reasonable people might expect statements from feminist groups condemning the White House — or at least suggesting that President Obama raise the salaries of his female staff.

After all, feminist groups are pushing for the passage of the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill that would require practically all employers to give to the government information on workers’ pay, by race and sex, with the goal of equalizing wages of men and women in different job classifications. This would represent, indirectly, a substantial intrusion of government into wage-setting.

But these so-called feminist groups do not really want to help women — they are more concerned about helping the Obama White House.

My calls to the National Women’s Law Center, the National Organization for Women, the American Association of University Women, and the National Committee for Pay Equity confirmed that they had no reaction to the report on their websites — only demands to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.

Feminist organizations describe the White House pay gap as a problem of leadership, with too few women at the top. That is also the case with the businesses that feminists wish to regulate through intrusive regulation.

Michele Leber, chair of the National Committee on Pay Equity, which organizes Equal Pay Day every April, told me in a phone conversation, “The good news is that the White House has a smaller pay gap than the country overall. It is caused by more women at lower experience levels. I don’t know that it is experience that leads to discrimination in other organizations. “

She said that her group would not be making a statement because “we do appreciate President Obama’s efforts to close the wage gap with his executive order on federal contractors.”

The American Association of University Women referred me to a blog post written in May describing the White House wage gap as a lack of women in leadership jobs. Lisa Maatz, vice president for government relations, wrote, “Despite this leadership gap in the White House — a gap AAUW is monitoring closely! – we applaud the president for his recent executive order giving federal contract workers, who make up almost a quarter of the nation’s workforce, the freedom to talk about their salaries without retaliation.”

Women have equality of opportunity. But because not all make the same choices, they do not yet have equality of outcome, measured in terms of the percentage of CEOs and board directors. Since women do not make the same choices as men, equality of outcome will never happen, contrary to feminists’ wishes.

In college, more women choose to major in humanities rather than in higher-paying math and science. Full-time women work fewer hours than men, and 24 percent of women work part-time. Many women leave the workforce after childbirth, and work shorter hours afterward. Some choose flexible jobs, paying less, to enable them to combine work and family.

Brilliant Yale Law School women are already thinking ahead to family-friendly flexible jobs. This is the ninth year that Yale Law Women chose its Top Ten Family Friendly Firms. These are not firms that pay the most, but those whose benefits include part-time work, flexibility in hours, and paid maternity leave. Family flexibility rarely leads to the corner office.

The White House did not respond to my request for comment on its pay gap, even though on April 8 Obama said, “I don’t know why you would resist the idea that women should be paid the same as men, and then deny that that’s not always happening out there. If Republicans in Congress want to prove me wrong, if they want to show that they, in fact, do care about women being paid the same as men, then show me. They can start tomorrow. They can join us in this, the 21st century, and vote yes on the Paycheck Fairness Act. “

As the president knows, federal, state, and local governments already have formidable laws and rules prohibiting discrimination in hiring and pay. Enforcement agencies, equal-opportunity commissions, prosecutors, and trial lawyers respond to reports of employment discrimination with legal actions.

Economic research on compensation, such as that by City University of New York professor June O’Neill, finds only a 5 percent gap in compensation between men and women when relevant economic factors are considered.

And by many measures, women are doing better than men. Since December 2007, the beginning of the recession, the number of employed women has increased by 1 percent (because many are employed in health care), while the number of employed men has declined by the same amount (because many work in construction).

Feminists are pushing for the Paycheck Fairness Act because they want federal bureaucrats micro-managing businesses. The larger economic reality is that more regulations will not lead to more jobs or higher pay for women. Like men, they must qualify for better-paying jobs on the basis of education, on-the-job performance, and workplace commitment.

Support for equal pay and the Paycheck Fairness Act is just a political tool that feminists use to bash Republicans. The 21st-century double standard is that an Obama White House pay gap is acceptable, but a pay gap anywhere else is a Republican War on Women.

— Diana Furchtgott-Roth is senior fellow and director of Economics21 at the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
206555,"Farmville, Va. — On Tuesday night, Mike Pence managed to do what Donald Trump could not. In his first and only debate against Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine, the Indiana governor delivered a calm and on-message performance. Where Trump, in his first debate last week, came off as maniacal, Pence was cool and collected. Where Trump found himself insulting a former beauty queen and Rosie O’Donnell, Pence stuck to the script. Where Trump veered onto tangents, missing easy opportunities to attack Clinton, Pence did the opposite, turning most questions into opportunities to hit the Democratic ticket.

The result was a performance that left Republican surrogates praising Pence as a better justification for Trump’s candidacy than Trump himself — proof that the nominee makes good decisions and surrounds himself with qualified people.

“It showed why Donald Trump should be our next president: He surrounds himself with really smart people, and on the very first big decision he had to make in picking a running mate, he couldn’t have done a better job in picking Mike Pence,” said Sara Huckabee Sanders, a spokeswoman for Trump, after the debate.

Clinton surrogates were quick to point out that Tuesday’s showdown may have done little to help either side. Many Republicans have been vocal about the fact that they feel far more comfortable with Pence than with Trump, and tonight only reinforced that feeling. But both Pence and Kaine found themselves submerged in a sloppy and unsavory affair, from Kaine’s constant interjections to Pence’s untruthful defenses of Trump to moderator Elaine Quijano’s shaky refereeing.

The tone was set with the second question of the night, when Quijano asked Kaine why the majority of Americans believe Clinton is untrustworthy. After briefly discussing Clinton’s “passion” for working with children, Kaine pivoted to highlight Trump’s infamous comment about illegal Mexican immigrants being “rapists” and “murderers,” before concluding that he “can’t imagine” how Pence would defend such remarks. Pence responded first by saying that Clinton had overseen a failed foreign policy that had emboldened adversaries such as Russia. He was then interrupted by Kaine, who took the opportunity to argue that the GOP ticket “loves” Vladimir Putin. When Pence continued on to tout his running mate’s “business acumen,” Kaine interrupted to point out that Trump paid few taxes and lost nearly $1 billion in 1995. When Pence turned to the Clinton Foundation, Kaine began talking over him.

This back-and-forth continued for several minutes until Quijano finally moved the two men to the next subject, establishing a pattern for the evening: Kaine using nearly every question to launch attacks on Trump for his past statements; Pence accusing the Democratic ticket of running an insult-driven campaign; Kaine interrupting to clarify that he was merely quoting Trump and daring Pence to defend his running mate; Pence arguing that Trump had either been taken out of context or had not said a specific thing at all; Kaine interrupting again to ask Americans to “go to the tape” and see the remarks for themselves; Pence asserting that this was his time and attempting to finish his thought; and finally, Quijano jumping in and lurching the stilted discussion slowly and painfully forward.

Rinse and repeat.

There were no blockbuster, made-for-TV moments to remember. But perhaps the most lasting impression from the night will be of a contrast in style. Kaine, as Clinton spokeswoman Karen Finney said after the debate, did what vice-presidential nominees are expected to do: “I don’t like the phrase ‘attack dog,’ but your job is to stand up for your running mate.” It was a role in which the Virginian, known for his suburban-dad-like affability, appeared to be uncomfortable and rather ineffective.

“I thought Tim Kaine sounded a little silly and frankly sounded like he needed maybe three fewer cups of coffee, cause he sounded a little too animated there, a little bit too like a yapping puppy dog at someone’s ankle. Someone needs to calm him down,” said Representative Jeb Hensarling, a friend of Pence’s who was in the spin room for him.

Meanwhile, Pence, the onetime radio host, was measured and steady throughout, shaking his head and delivering his attacks with a smile on his face. He good-naturedly jabbed Kaine for his mechanically rehearsed one-liners and opposition-research dumps.

The result was a performance that left Republican surrogates praising Pence as a better justification for Trump’s candidacy than Trump himself.

Clinton campaign surrogates, spinning after the debate, made only half-hearted attempts to argue that their man had won. Instead, they said, Pence had failed to do enough to change the narrative that emerged from Trump’s problematic first debate.

“I think the VP debate matters in the sense that if you are losing, like Trump and Pence did, you need to change the trajectory of the campaign by some means, and they weren’t able to do that. So I think that’s a victory for the Clinton team,” said Representative Ruben Gallego, who was in the spin room as a surrogate for Kaine.

That is not to say Kaine was without strong moments. His greatest success was to doggedly prosecute Trump’s record of offending various groups — from women to veterans to minorities — and aggressively goad Pence into defending them. “I can’t imagine how you defend your running mate’s position,” he repeatedly told Pence.

Kaine’s persistence paid off on several occasions, most notably when Pence denied that both he and Trump had said Putin is a better leader than President Obama. But Pence’s strategy, for the most part, was to deflect such attacks rather than tackle them head on.

Quite often, Pence seemed to be blissfully campaigning in an alternate universe from the one Trump inhabits. He repeatedly described the Clinton-Kaine campaign as “insult-driven,” a laughable remark coming from someone whose running mate has made an art of the insult over the course of this campaign. Other times, he simply ignored Kaine’s calls to defend Trump. Much had been made of the fact that this would be the first debate since the New York Times published a year of Trump’s tax returns, making Pence the first line of defense against a story that could be very bad for the Republican nominee. Pence said some kind words about his running mate as a businessman who complied with the tax code. And then he declined to address the subject again.

“Why won’t he release his tax returns?” Kaine blurted out at one point.

“Well, we’re answering a question about the business thing,” Pence replied calmly, brushing off the question.

When Kaine brought up Gonzalo Curiel, a US-born federal judge from Pence’s home state of Indiana whom Trump deemed too biased to rule in a lawsuit against Trump University because of his Mexican heritage, Pence simply ignored the remark and moved on.

Pence’s strategy of moving the conversation to safer ground earned him style points and credit for staying on message, but it also opened him up to easy attacks from Clinton’s camp. “Why is it that Mike Pence can’t defend his own running mate? Maybe he doesn’t know who his own running mate is,” suggested Clinton spokeswoman Karen Finney following the debate.

It was evident in the spin room that Pence had reassured Republicans who remain ill-at-ease with the party’s nominee. But for the Indiana governor, who harbors presidential ambitions of his own, Trump could prove somewhat problematic down the road. At one point, he declared that he “could not be more proud to stand with Donald Trump.” Should Hillary Clinton win in November, Pence will undoubtedly find himself in the top tier of prospective Republican candidates to challenge her four years from now, and that is a comment that may well come back to haunt him.

— Alexis Levinson is National Review’s senior political reporter. Tim Alberta is National Review’s chief political correspondent.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
602468,"Immigration reform is unlikely to happen in 2014 due to “irresolvable” differences between the two chambers in Congress, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) said Tuesday:

McConnell’s comments, which came after he met with the Senate GOP conference over lunch, poured cold water over the growing buzz there could be an immigration deal this year.

McConnell said a deal’s unlikely given what he called the “irresolvable” differences between the Senate and House.

“I think we have sort of an irresolvable conflict here,” he told reporters. “The Senate insists on comprehensive [legislation]. The House says it won’t go to conference with the Senate on comprehensive and wants to look at [it] step by step.

“I don’t see how you get to an outcome this year with the two bodies in such a different place,” he said.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
681943,"DWS: ‘You’re Darn Right’ We’ll Run on Obamacare

By Andrew Johnson — November 14, 2013

Debbie Wasserman Schultz is doubling down on her guarantee that Democrats will run on Obamacare in the 2014 midterm elections.

“You’re darn right that our candidates are going to run on the advantage that Obamacare will be,” the DNC chairwoman told CNN on Thursday. “The choice will be very clear.”

The Florida congresswoman argued that Terry McAuliffe’s victory in Virginia’s gubernatorial race last week was evidence that Democrats can run on the health care law and win. In an interview with CNN’s Candy Crowley over the weekend, Wasserman Schultz first indicated that Democrats will not shy away from the issue, despite the problems that have plagued the law in the wake of its rollout last month, in next year’s midterm elections.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
54082,"Today, upset that Congress has refused, in his words, to do “something, anything” to stop gun violence, President Obama released executive actions that bring the country closer to his oft-stated goal of “universal” background checks that cover the private transfer of firearms.

The current law is very clear. Only federally licensed gun dealers are required to conduct background checks, and only sellers whose “principal objective of livelihood and profit [is] the repetitive purchase and resale of firearms” are required to obtain a federal license. Anyone “who sells all or part of his personal collection of firearms” is specifically exempted from the licensing requirement.

But that doesn’t matter to Obama, whose actions today will require many sellers to get a license if they sell even a single gun. White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett told reporters that licenses would now be required based on such things as, “whether you sell firearms shortly after they’re acquired or whether you buy or sell in the original packaging.”

In an era when private individuals can set up their cell phones to accept credit cards, accepting credit-card payment for one gun will now make selling firearms your “principal objective of livelihood.”

RELATED: President Obama Has Let His Emotion Get the Better of His Judgment

Yet Obama doesn’t have to unilaterally rewrite the law to achieve meaningful reform. He could easily pass universal background checks through Congress, just by including three simple and reasonable changes:

1) Don’t charge gun buyers. All background checks currently on the books make gun buyers and sellers pay for the cost of transferring or selling a gun. Some states require a processing fee as well as compensation to the licensed dealer who oversees the private transfer.

Yet, if it’s really true that background checks reduce crime, everyone benefits, not just gun buyers. Why not pay for the background checks out of general revenue?

RELATED: Why the War on Guns Has Failed

Background checks on private transfers add about $80 to the cost of transferring a gun in New York, up to $60 in Washington State, and $125 in DC. These fees can put guns out of the reach of those who are the most likely victims of violent crimes: poor people living in high-crime, urban areas. If gun-control advocates care more about passing universal background checks than about who pays for them, this should be an easy and fair fix.

2) Fix the system so it stops falsely flagging law-abiding people. The current federal background-check system is a mess. Virtually everyone who fails a check is legally eligible to buy a gun.

During a recent Democratic presidential debate, Hillary Clinton claimed that, “Since [the Brady Act] was passed, more than 2 million prohibited purchases have been prevented.” In reality, there were over 2 million “initial denials” — almost all of which turned out to be mistakes.

In 2010, the Department of Justice’s annual report on the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) showed that 94 percent of “initial denials” were dropped after the first internal fact check. A 2004 review by Congress found that another two percent were dropped when the cases were sent out to BATFE field offices. Many more cases were dropped during the three remaining stages of review.

RELATED: Mass Shootings and Gun Control

If a private company’s criminal-background checks on employees failed at anything close to the same rate, they’d be sued out of business in a heartbeat. There’s no doubt that for many of the 2.4 million people mistakenly given an initial denial, it was a mere inconvenience. But some people really do need quick access to a gun for protection.

The solution? Hold the government to the same standards as private companies.

3) Stop using background checks as de facto registration. As laws concerning handguns and “assault” weapons have evolved, such places as California, New York, and Chicago have all used registration lists to identify who owns guns that are no longer legal.

Since 2004, Congress has required the FBI to destroy NICS records of gun sales and transfers within 24 hours. But federally licensed dealers are required to keep records of background checks. Congress currently forbids federal collection of this information into a central database, but there’s no guarantee that this won’t change. The government could potentially figure out who legally owns a gun.

RELATED: The Left’s Cynical Gun-Control Reflex

Gun-control proponents assure us that they aren’t setting up a registration program. Yet in the same breath, they defend gun registration as a crime-fighting tool. The logic is that police could find a gun at a crime scene and then be able to trace it to the registered owner.

In fact, guns are very rarely left at crime scenes, and those left are virtually always unregistered.

Police can’t seem to point to a single instance in which gun registration has helped them solve a crime. During a recent deposition, D.C. police chief Cathy Lanier said she couldn’t “recall any specific instance where registration records were used to determine who committed a crime.” Police in Hawaii, Canada, and other places have made similar admissions.

Instead of requiring federally licensed dealers to hold background-check information for as long as they are in business, we should place limits on how long they can hold the information that they obtain.

These proposals have been around for years, and gun-control advocates have always shot them down. They feel particularly strongly about making gun owners pay the fees for firearms transfers. During Colorado’s 2013 debate on universal background checks, Republicans offered an amendment waiving the state fee for people below the poverty level, but Democrats voted almost unanimously against it. Maryland Democrats stopped a similar move.

If Democrats really believe that universal background checks are so important, making these simple, fair changes will eliminate opposition to the policy from gun-rights proponents. If they won’t make the changes, it will only prove that their real aim is to reduce gun ownership, not to stop crime.

— John R. Lott Jr. is the president of the Crime Prevention Research Center and the author of More Guns, Less Crime.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
658339,"Yesterday marked a milestone in National Review’s life online — the retirement of the Campaign Spot by Jim Geraghty. Jim’s blog has had many iterations — including the Kerry Spot and even the Turkey Spot — and you can rest assured that he’s not going anywhere. He’ll continue to write pieces for the homepage, and to blog on the Corner. Here, we talk about some of the highlights of his National Review blogging history and his perspective on America’s past and future. — KJL



Kathryn Jean Lopez: Do you have top ten moments?

Jim Geraghty: Rathergate ranks up there. There was an event, at one of our former editor’s houses, before the election in 2004, where Rich introduced me as “Pajama been Bloggin’,” my nickname from the Pajamahadeen years. I was greeted with this strange roar of familiarity and warmth from the room, from quite a few big-time movers and shakers in the conservative movement.

I also remember that fall there had been some controversy, and the Bush-Cheney campaign had offered some pretty mealy-mouthed spokesman’s statement in response. You and I had both written something in the vein of, “this charge is coming from Kerry and Edwards, and even though it’s baseless, it requires a response from the President and Vice President.” Apparently somebody in the Bush-Cheney campaign read that, got on the horn to Cheney’s people, and within a few hours, Cheney had added something to his stump speech pushing back on the accusation. As a wire-service reporter, I was used to being absolutely ignored, and now all of a sudden, I’m witnessing consequences to what we wrote like that — it was a real testament to the reach and influence of NR.

The election nights are probably the most memorable — 2004, obviously, not just because Bush won, but because that night I met a good friend who may have known even more than I did about the election, down to the precincts, Marshall Manson.

I remember in 2010, we played the theme to ‘John Adams’ in Cam’s studio every time a tea-party candidate won; it felt like such a vindication and this imminent return to our founding values. As we all know, things didn’t work out quite so simply. I spent election night in 2012 down in Dallas, Texas, doing in-studio coverage on TheBlaze, finishing up coverage after Glenn Beck and a lot of the big names had gone home, some stunned and most thoroughly depressed by the results. Amy Holmes and a few of us went back to our hotel and pretty much cleaned out our mini-bars as we contemplated another four years of Obama. The tone of the Morning Jolt the following day was sobering, but that doesn’t mean it was written while entirely sober.

This most recent midterm election was a strange one, because once again I was down in Dallas, playing the role for TheBlaze, and they wrapped up all of my appearances by 10 p.m. Of course, a lot of the biggest races weren’t called by then, so I ended up enjoying one of the most satisfying nights for conservatives in a while in a hotel room alone. Earlier that day, one of my sources in the Virginia Republican party told me the early vote had looked phenomenal for Ed Gillespie, and that all of the data they were tracking suggested an upset was really possible. I think he said that if I posted any of that before the polls closed he would hop on a plane and beat me senseless. As we all know, Gillespie came oh-so-close to beating Mark Warner, and Campaign Spot was telling people that, oh, 30 seconds after the polls closed.

Earlier this year, CPAC generously named me journalist of the year for my work at National Review. They asked me to make a few remarks, and while I’ve spoken about all kinds of political topics to all kinds of audiences, I learned that night that it’s a lot harder to speak about the people who matter most to me, who made me capable of doing what I do — the editors, co-workers, my parents, my wife, the boys, and my dearest friends.



Lopez: Do you have a favorite politician of the last decade or so?

Geraghty: There are a lot whom I not only agree with, and whose style of leadership I appreciate, but who have been particularly kind and generous with their time. Senator Pat Toomey ranks up there. He and his campaign really enjoyed the recurring joke about the approach of “Toomsday” in the 2010 campaign, and turned it into a T-shirt. He brought one for me when he went on that year’s NR cruise. There’s nothing like a senator-elect personally delivering a T-shirt to you to fool other people into thinking you’re a big shot.

I think the more people mocked Mitt Romney for his white-bread, Dudley-do-Right dweebishness, the more I liked him. Governor Jindal was extraordinarily generous with his time in that 2011 piece, and I’ve enjoyed all of our chats since. I’ve enjoyed my interactions with Rick Perry and Marco Rubio this cycle. I remember when Rubio first came into NR’s Washington offices, and I remember writing a profile back in August 2009. A lot of politicians want to meet NR, hoping they’ll be called the next Reagan or something, and they frequently don’t live up to the hype. But I remember all of us coming out of that meeting really impressed with him.

Back in the 2010 cycle I remember watching Democratic representative Phil Hare declare, “I don’t care about the Constitution,” and saying that his Republican rival, Bobby Schilling, had a real shot. I think a lot of people thought I was insane, and Schilling ended up winning.

Mark Sanford gave me his first interview during his comeback bid, and he became the first political figure I’ve had to offer a disclaimer for; as my dad became more active in Hilton Head–area politics, Republican clubs, Tea Party groups, etc., he formally endorsed Sanford. Whatever you think of Sanford, he thoroughly out-hustled his Democratic opponent, doing ten-event days in the final weeks.

My brother is now working for WWE, which makes me wish I had been a little kinder in my assessment of Linda McMahon’s bids for Senate in Connecticut.

Bob McDonnell stands out in the “why did I ever like that guy?” pile.



Lopez: What has writing for National Review meant for you?

Geraghty: It’s the opportunity of a lifetime, and I’m blessed to have it. A good team with good leaders is hard to find in this business. Everybody above me has given me exquisite freedom to write what I want to write, and been exceptionally forgiving on those occasions when it hasn’t worked out right.

In a lot of ways, National Review is like a small family business. We’re not owned by some larger media entity or conglomerate. For better or worse, there’s no Uncle Rupert. That’s probably a financial drawback and an editorial strength — we never have to worry about whether what we’re writing will offend “the suits.” I think what’s amazing, once you see the place from the inside, is how much we punch above our weight. You’ve heard the stories of people coming into the New York offices and picturing something much bigger, fancier. This is it, my friends.



Lopez: Who will be president next?

Geraghty: Not Hillary. That’s about 48 percent hope, 52 percent assessment.

I’m a big fan of a Serpentor Project for the RNC, where we take the DNA of all of the top-tier GOP candidates and genetically engineer a candidate who has all of their advantages and none of their disadvantages. Rubio’s charisma, Jindal’s policy knowledge, Walker’s steadfastness in the face of adversity, Cruz’s combativeness, Perry’s ability to connect with people, Bush’s familiarity with the challenges of the presidency, Paul’s focus on expanding liberty, Huckabee’s folksiness, Fiorina’s sharpness on the stump. [Cue irate e-mails for my failure to remember your preferred candidate and your sense of their greatest strength.]



Lopez: What have been President Obama’s upsides? Downsides?

Geraghty: How long do I have to get back to you on the upsides? Um . . . he’s been good for gun sales? Good for Fox News ad rates? I suppose we on the Right could say he’s a teachable moment for the country.

In terms of downsides . . . how much time do you have?

You might say the presidency of Barack Obama is a natural end result of a cultural shift that really picked up steam when you and I were teenagers. The 1992 election was the first presidential election to feature MTV’s “Rock the Vote,” which featured Madonna and other celebrities urging young people to vote. It was a turning point in trying to make politicians and presidential candidates “cool.” It was cool celebrities telling young people that voting was cool. And we knew which candidate that year was going to be the cool one: Bill Clinton on The Arsenio Hall Show, wearing shades and playing the saxophone, and so on. But politics, governing, lawmaking — these things were never supposed to be cool. By 2008, you saw discussion of Obama as a “brand.”

If readers of Campaign Spot ever suspected I was an astronomic-scale dweeb in high school, they’re correct. But I’d be happier with a world where the “cool” people went off and did their “cool” stuff, and left politics and governing to the rest of us who actually know about it and care about it.



Lopez: What are America’s greatest challenges?

Geraghty: Well, first and foremost, the world still has a lot of people who want to kill us. I’d rather kill them first or persuade them that killing any of our people will bring such a hellacious retribution against them that it’s not even worth attempting.

I’m going to do something uncharacteristic and quote Tom Friedman — think of it as a broken clock being right twice a day.

I’m going to do something uncharacteristic and quote Tom Friedman — think of it as a broken clock being right twice a day:

If you are self-motivated, wow, this world is tailored for you. The boundaries are all gone. But if you’re not self-motivated, this world will be a challenge because the walls, ceilings, and floors that protected people are also disappearing. That is what I mean when I say ‘it is a 401(k) world.’ Government will do less for you. Companies will do less for you. Unions can do less for you. There will be fewer limits, but also fewer guarantees. Your specific contribution will define your specific benefits much more. Just showing up will not cut it.

A lot of this is the consequence of globalization. Somewhere along the line, the American economy became this grand opportunity for the smart, the driven, the talented, and the exceptional — and a lot tougher for anyone who didn’t have those traits, but who are good, decent, hard-working people who deserve to make a good living. We never had a national referendum on that, and we never had a national debate on that; this wrenching economic change just happened. I also think that a lot of schools do a terrible job of preparing young people for this economic reality.

Socially, I’d like a society that helped out parents, instead of seeming to make them feel like they’re always swimming upstream. The next hipster who rolls his eyes and tsk-tsks at my boys behaving like boys in Starbucks is going to end up wearing his decaf-soy latte. Last week I noted how leviathan is starting to be felt in my neighborhood of Authenticity Woods, Fairfax County.

Of course, while I’m socially conservative a lot of days, I have my libertarian moments. Particularly in this era of ratting out your neighbors for free-range parenting, I think we could use a giant serving of “this is none of your darn business.” I want everybody to stay out of my business, and I’ll stay out of yours. In fact, you have no idea how little I care about your business.



Lopez: What have been America’s best days as you’ve experienced them?

Geraghty: If you grow up with Ronald Reagan as president, you enter life thinking all presidents are that good.

If you grow up with Ronald Reagan as president, you enter life thinking all presidents are that good.

There’s been a lot of despair in the conservative movement since 2012, and we really need to shake it off. A little while back, Ace of Spades and I debated this, and I suspect more vocal conservatives agree with him — “we’re not the country we used to be, we’ve become a lazy, entitled, media-addled, ignorant, shallow, materialistic, and dishonorable shadow of our former selves, ” etc. Sure, those people exist, and they’ve always existed. Americans who work hard — take care of their kids, contribute to charity, serve at their church or other community organization, serve in the military — don’t really grab the headlines. We still have a lot of those people, doing the best they can, day after day. I think we do them a disservice if we think the shouting Obama-Phone woman represents modern America as a whole.

I think if you spend a lot of time following politics, it’s probably inherently depressing.



Lopez: What did you learn in Turkey?

Geraghty: There are a lot of wonderful places in the world to visit, but not many I’d want to live.



Lopez: What is your hope for America as a father?

Geraghty: One of my most deep-rooted fears is that by trying to teach my boys right from wrong, I’m teaching them to be suckers. You try to teach your child the value of hard work, the value of honestly, the need to treat people with kindness and so on, and maybe the rest of the world isn’t teaching their kids the same things. A lot of parents aren’t even in the picture for their kids, and the lessons that are getting fed into their heads are more or less the opposite of what those kids need.

So my hope is that the boys grow up strong, smart, confident, and big-hearted, and that the country is in a good shape as they enter adulthood — secure, prosperous, full of opportunity, and considering how things are going lately, still having a Constitution and rule of law. I mentioned earlier that politics is probably inherently depressing. Parenting provides a pretty good contrast. When I shift from writing duties to daddy duties late in the day, I’m shifting from a world where I can’t control much to a world where I have a lot more control and influence.

— Kathryn Jean Lopez is senior fellow at the National Review Institute, editor-at-large of National Review Online, and founding director of Catholic Voices USA.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
600024,"In the five competitive races for governor this cycle, we now have a good idea of the outcomes. Republicans have won or seem likely to win four of them: Phil Scott in Vermont, Eric Holcomb in Indiana, Eric Greitens in Missouri, and Chris Sununu in New Hampshire. Alas, in North Carolina the news isn’t as good. When delayed votes from several urban Democratic precincts finally came in just before midnight, Democratic Roy Cooper took a 4,000-vote lead over incumbent Governor Pat McCrory. There will be provisional and absentee ballots to count. There will be a recount. But if this holds, it will be a heartbreaking loss for North Carolina Republicans who otherwise enjoyed significant electoral victories, along with their counterparts across the country. Some voters clearly split their tickets between Trump and Cooper, or just chose to skip over the governor’s race entirely.

The net result of all this is that Republicans will actually expand their lead in governorships, to 33-16-1. Tomorrow, I’ll try to get a sense of how legislative chambers and other state offices of interest went in this fascinating election cycle.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
538612,"Hollywood’s obsession with stylish nihilism is on full display in the list of best-picture nominees for both the Golden Globes and the Oscars. From Eastern Promises and No Country for Old Men to There Will be Blood and Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, the end-of-year critics’ lists are awash in blood and violence. The inordinate critical acclaim these movies have enjoyed tells us more about those who vote for the annual awards than it does about the year in film. This past year featured a glut of graphic violence masquerading as high art, to be sure, but it also witnessed a welcome return to entertaining and even subtle storytelling.

In the universe of official

Globe and Oscar

voters, there is nearly universal consensus about the year’s best films.

Both awards gave Best Picture nominations to Michael Clayton, No Country for Old Men, There Will be Blood, and Atonement. Where the Globes also listed The Great Debaters, American Gangster and Eastern Promises, Oscar adds Juno.

When you consider that the Globe winner for Best Musical or Comedy is the blood-soaked Sweeney Todd — which, despite being very funny, eventually becomes overwhelmingly grotesque — the trend is clear: a penchant for hyper-aesthetic, violent films that do more than simply flirt with nihilism. Of course, the Golden Globe winner for best drama, Atonement, is not a violent film; instead, it is an understated British study in guilt and the desire for reparation. The film is not really about atonement, but about its impossibility. Thus, it too binds nihilism and art — or to be more precise, attempts to overcome nihilism through art in a way typical of contemporary film. The dichotomy between art and life resurfaces in a dramatically awkward way at film’s end, rendering the conclusion both anguished and feeble. (The year’s best film about striving and failing to transform a nihilistic existence into high art is the foreign film, La Vie en Rose, the

tormented life

of French chanteuse

Edith Piaf.)

Even the high-budget blockbuster American Gangster , with its numerous and forced allusions to The Godfather, has pretensions to artistry. Its main character, Frank Lucas, played by Denzel Washington, is a mobster whom we are supposed to find simultaneously charming and horrifying. But the film’s lack of restraint leads any sensible viewer to lose all sympathy for Lucas. In the end, even his reluctant conversion to cooperation with justice is unconvincing. (A much better treatment of the violent world of mob politics, and the impossibility of escaping involvement in it once you’ve begun, can be found in the Hong Kong release, Triad Election .) All I will say about Eastern Promises is that it is a bleak story of violence that critics seem to love mainly because it featured an unusual scene of Viggo Mortensen engaged in a brutal fight to the death while naked in the shower. Now that’s cutting edge. The most lavishly praised film of the year is There Will be Blood, a visually mesmerizing period piece and character-driven story about a ruthless oil speculator in the American Southwest at the turn of the 20th century. By the end, however, the film’s meticulous attention to character, mood, and dialogue degenerates into nihilistic farce. By contrast, No Country for Old Men is not nearly as ambitious. It features a mercilessly rational serial killer who in the end escapes accountability. The main problem with the film is that it has curtailed too much of the narrative voice from Cormac McCarthy’s novel, a voice that provides a counter to the inexplicable evil that dominates the screen version. If McCarthy’s printed narrative fails in the end to make sense out of his anti-hero’s malevolence, it nonetheless provides an alternative to the evil protagonist’s soulless world that mere cinematography cannot deliver. These heavily flacked films are not the last word on the year in pictures. If we want a bloody, violent film with an engaging plot and a suggestion of redemption, we might turn to the remake of 3:10 to Yuma, starring Russell Crowe and Christian Bale — even if its conclusion would have profited from greater restraint. (I was also grateful that the release of this film prodded me to watch the original, 1957 version with Glenn Ford and Van Heflin, which is well worth a look.) The Great Debaters is among the most entertaining films of the year. It is an inspiring film that invites viewers to consider serous issues of race, prejudice, and justice. In its reference to Saint Augustine’s line that an “unjust law is not a law,” it raises the question of whether reform of our laws is possible without some notion of a natural law. Juno is also a very entertaining film; like Bella, Knocked Up, and Waitress, Juno focuses on a pregnant woman who elects to carry to term what is (initially, at least) an unwanted baby. The prominence of such films led Christianity Today to suggest that we might call 2007 the year of the pro-life film. Yet it is important to see that, unlike John Irving’s blatantly propagandistic Cider House Rules from a few years back, these films are not ideologically driven. Roger Ebert only moderately overpraises Juno, when he calls it the best film of the year. (The best commentary on the film’s cultural significance can be found in Amanda Shaw’s First Things review.)

The Bourne Ultimatum is, an intelligent spy thriller with perfect pacing and with some surprisingly subtle musings on identity and conscience. But the best of the entertaining movies of the year is clearly David Fincher’s Zodiac , a film that supplies the obligatory creepiness of a serial-killer storyline, aided by a soundtrack featuring Donovan’s eerie “Hurdy Gurdy Man.” The film is less a standard serial-killer drama than a complex story of police detection. Covering many years, the film depicts the interactions between a crime writer, a cop, and an editorial cartoonist — all of them caught up in and transformed by the hunt for and prosecution of the infamous San Francisco killer. As for films that are not just entertaining and inspiring but edifying in artistically subtle ways, there are two films that deserve special mention, neither of which is receiving anything more than marginal notice in the end-of-year contests.

An indie Irish film set in the seedy streets of Dublin, Once is about friendship, musical collaboration, and love. Glen Hansard, front-man for The Frames (and who you may remember from the 1991 film The Commitments ), and

not only star in the film but collaborated on most of its original score. The film portrays struggling artists and the making of music — not as a means to narcissistic self-expression, but to articulating the deepest longings of the human heart. As Wendell Berry might put it: the film is about imagination, which bridges the gap between individuals, and not about fantasy, which is of the solitary self. Once is a great antidote not just to the big-budget films of the year but also to the standard music-making story featured in VH1’s Behind the Music.

For visionary, experimental film-making that manages to touch the most fundamental longing of the human heart, Into Great Silence stands alone among all recent films. With its close observation of the daily rituals of Carthusian monks in the Grand Chartreuse monastery, its detailed attention to the changing seasons in the gorgeous French Alps, and its stylistic minimalism — there’s no narration and no soundtrack — Silence is a remarkably innovative film, a film to which the only appropriate response is gratitude.

Also among the most entertaining films of the yearMarkéta IrglováAlthough they may be neglected in the celebrated Globe and Oscar nominations, the best movies of 2007 illustrate that the medium of film is still capable of producing wholesome entertainment — and occasionally, even great art.

– Thomas Hibbs is distinguished professor of ethics and culture at Baylor University and author of the forthcoming book, Arts of Darkness.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716900,"So I just got back from giving a couple lectures at Carleton College in Minnesota.

One was on our visions on human future in space. I talked about three visionaries — Tom Wolfe, Carl Sagan, and the Nolan brothers (Interstellar).

The very smart students were on board with Carl Sagan’s vision of wise and benevolent ETI (extraterrestrial intelligence) as a kind of soft and rather incredible transhumanism. But they were reluctant to diss all claims for transhumanism, giving how much they know about what scientific progress promises to do even to transform who each of us is. I actually don’t think that’s an unreasonable position. The Singularity isn’t around the corner, but we can’t rule out a radical extension of human longevity and a far less “biological” existence, one much more disconnected from the natural life cycle and from being moved by birth and death. The philosophic issue, of course, is whether we will be happier, more dignified, and more truthful as a result of that technological progress. My reflections always begin with: Don’t believe for a moment we will be less screwed up. That is, of course, what Carl Sagan tended to believe in his vision of our evolutionary journey from pure body to pure mind.

The students were on board with Tom Wolfe’s view that it’s our duty to wander through space and find other homes to ”keep meaning alive” — to keep the only meaningful beings, so far as we know, in the cosmos around a lot longer than nature intends on this planet. In Interstellar, the physicist rages against ”the dying of the light” that would be the extinction of our species. Our reasonable assumption is that we beings with meaning are alone in the cosmos, which means that our future is in our own hands. Meaning, of course, is found in the being with Logos or the Word. For Wolfe, we’ve already transformed nature on our planet to enhance our singular status, but that should just be the beginning.

Now, that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t prudently attend to our “environment” on this planet and do what we can to be at home with families, friends, and local communities. It’s just that the truth is that we’re not totally at home on the earth out to extinguish us, and that “being at home” is not enough for so many members of our wondering and wandering species. We can’t all be farmers, and it’s natural for some or many to be basically engineers and physicists. One message of Interstellar is that Wendell Berry is only partly right, and we can’t look only to him if we really take sustainability seriously.

I also think that all our space visionaries don’t do well enough in thinking about the true causes of our wandering and wondering. It’s true enough that we wandering beings can’t help but look to the sky, and the earth is not really the home of the human mind. Having said that, more strange and wonderful than the stars is each of us, who wander, to some extent, as displaced persons because we wonder. The characteristic errors of physicists and engineers are diverting them from the true causes of their own troubles. When I said something like that, a physics major reasonably responded that it’s possible to be a physicist with genuinely introspective self-knowledge. That guy is, in fact, also all about studying Plato and Nietzsche.

I also said that it was the height of vanity to really believe that the future of meaningful being was in our hands. And that Sagan was on the right track when he thought that each of us needs help we can’t really provide for ourselves. Neither of those observations really speaks all that much to the question of whether we should do what we can to wander in space to better secure ourselves in the cosmos. Sure, we’ll remain “lost in the cosmos,” but that’s no real argument against a manned mission to Mars.

In more than one sense, the earth is not simply our true home.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
599607,"A Democratic leadership aide says Minority Whip Steny Hoyer isn’t formally whipping against the “keep your plan” bill from Representative Fred Upton on the House floor today, a significant sign of weakness from a Democratic leadership that is obviously desperate to keep down the number of defections.

Caucus chairman Xavier Becerra noted to reporters last night that Democrats have held two full caucus meetings over the last couple days and there are extensive efforts to “educate” Democrats on the perceived perils of the bill. Hoyer will be recommending a “no” vote on it, and top Democrats are also pushing hard to prevent Democrats from voting “yes.”

But without formally whipping the bill, there’s less of an official party position. Democratic leadership obviously want its members to vote against the bill, generally speaking, but they’re avoiding the formal whipping process because there are enough members who want to vote for the bill and wouldn’t appreciate its being deemed a question of party loyalty.

A senior Republican aide predicts 40 to 50 Democratic defections. An earlier bill to authorize President Obama’s extra-legal delay of the employer mandate secured 35 Democratic votes.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704880,"A trivial thought, but it would be helpful if McCain managed to look less peeved less often. (Kathryn: Quite right that I don’t watch enough TV, which is probably why this strikes me now.)",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
68638,"Military Planning and Funding Must Go Beyond the Immediate

By Mackenzie Eaglen — August 17, 2009

President Obama recently agreed to temporarily expand the U.S. Army by 22,000 soldiers. That should ease the strain on many who are enduring their third and fourth tours overseas. The problem is that adding 15,000 soldiers costs about $1 billion per year, so this expansion will cost about $1.5 billion.

To raise the funds, Obama asked lawmakers to redirect money budgeted for equipment, including trucks and other vehicles, in the current war supplemental spending bill. But why hire more people if we’re not going to give them the tools they need to fight and win?

The reality is that the military’s budget is too small. That same new enlisted soldier also needs superior equipment and force protection once he or she gets to the battlefield.

The irony is that Obama says money can be found now, but his administration didn’t think so a month ago, during the Senate’s debate over funding for additional F-22 aircraft. Members who supported purchasing more planes were vilified by some, because it was said that funding this fifth-generation fighter would mean reducing spending on immediate needs. In reality, the two-tenths of 1 percent of the defense budget that was slated for additional F-22s (or $1.75 billion) would have come from funds the Government Accountability Office assumed would never be spent on personnel or operations anyway. Congress could have built the planes and found savings elsewhere – like the recently passed acquisition-reform legislation, for example.

It’s terrible policy to scrimp on acquisition in order to pay people. As National Journal’s CongressDaily reported on Friday, Rep. John Murtha (D., Pa.), chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, said a White House reprogramming request of this magnitude is simply “unacceptable.” He’s right. Defense officials shouldn’t be able to “find that kind of money. If you do find that kind of money, then they sent up a bad budget.”

Providing for the common defense of Americans — including the equipment our warriors need — isn’t a one-time job for policymakers. Instead of discussing what the military can do without, sacrifices often paid for with life and limb, the real debate should focus on how best to pay America’s military and ensure that new enlistees retain the military superiority possessed by today’s forces. Robust investment in next-generation systems is needed now so that the troops who sign up in 10 years can also reap the benefits of American military primacy.

President Obama said the funding to pay for additional troops could come from “lower-priority” requirements that are “no longer needed at the current time.” His letter says that the Pentagon’s “latest assessment is that existing resources . . . are sufficient to satisfy the immediate need.”

Even some of his supporters wonder. After voting on the F-22, Sen. Daniel Inouye (D-Hawaii), chairman of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, said, “I just hope that someday we won’t regret this decision.”

The military deserves more than enough to barely get by. Congress will regret any decision to continue cutting equipment at the expense of people.

— Mackenzie Eaglen is the Heritage Foundation’s Research Fellow for National Security Studies.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
904066,"Eliana Johnson January 25, 2016, Issue @elianayjohnson by

A Cruz–Rubio showdown would electrify conservatives

One subplot of the Republican presidential-nomination battle has been an increasingly vicious and personal contest between two first-term senators, both of Cuban descent and separated by just a few months in age.

Florida senator Marco Rubio (44) and Texas senator Ted Cruz (45) are both men of superhuman ambition who have put their personal advancement over virtually everything else, including, many would argue, loyalty, wealth, and family. Both were at least thinking about running for president from the time they arrived in the Senate. Their talent and their years-long focus on reaching the White House are reminiscent of Bill Clinton’s, and it’s entirely possible that the only thing standing between each and it, aside from another Clinton, is the other.

“You interview hundreds of candidates and a few stand out, and Rubio and Cruz stood out,” says Chris Chocola, the former president of the Club for Growth, the free-market group that endorsed both Rubio and Cruz in their Senate primaries. “They knew what they believed, they knew why they believed it, and they could articulate those beliefs.”

Their ascent to the top tier of the presidential field, where they have been trading barbs, is, for conservatives, a mark of astonishing success. Cruz is now viewed as the most conservative viable candidate, while Rubio is widely considered the most viable establishment choice (although he still has major competition from Chris Christie, among others). Yet this is a simplistic and somewhat misleading way to look at a prospective match-up between the two. Rubio was born of the tea-party movement and, during his Senate race, drove the liberal Charlie Crist out of the Republican party. That he is now considered a part of the Washington establishment says a lot about the transformation of the Republican party in the Obama era. “It’s a tremendous testament to what conservatives have been able to achieve,” says Mike Needham, the CEO of Heritage Action for America, a leading conservative-activist group.

Despite their obvious similarities, Rubio and Cruz have taken different routes to the top that reflect vastly different beliefs about what the GOP needs to do to win presidential elections again and vastly different aspirations for its future.

Rubio kept his head down when he arrived in Washington and used his time to develop a wide-ranging policy platform intended to draw new voters into the Republican tent — essential work, in his judgment, if Republicans are to capture the White House again. His failed push for comprehensive immigration reform was a move to the center, an attempt to attract to the GOP those who had never before voted Republican, and it earned him the lasting distrust of the party’s base.

Cruz saw a different path that few had yet glimpsed and that many still don’t. From early on, according to a top Senate staffer, he “saw the 2016 election as just a larger-scale version of these insurgent Senate tea-party campaigns,” and he used his platform in the Senate to position himself aggressively against Washington and the White House. The apex of his Senate career so far has been the 2013 government shutdown, a reflection of his belief that Republicans need only energize their most enthusiastic supporters to win at the ballot box. If Rubio thought he could unite the party by bringing together its conservative and moderate factions with a host of innovative policies, Cruz has sought to unite it by stamping out the remnants of the Republican establishment entirely.

Though Rubio and Cruz were elected just two years apart — Rubio in 2010, Cruz in 2012 — they arrived to very different atmospheres in Washington, D.C. Rubio was elected as a part of the tea-party backlash that took the country by storm in 2010. At the time, it was virtually unheard of for sitting senators to be defeated in primary elections, though House members had been in previous cycles. Rubio’s election was a reflection of the first wave of grassroots outrage; Washington was still adjusting.

Mitt Romney’s loss in 2012 brought a genuine sea change. “I think many Republicans were not shocked that we lost in 2008,” says Dan Senor, who served as an adviser to Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan. But, he says, many conservatives “couldn’t make their peace with the 2012 loss.”

Senor refers to the “psychological aftershocks within the base of the party” that caused an all-out revolt. Republican voters began blaming the leaders of their own party — rather than Democrats and the president — for the election loss and for the country’s greater ills.

Rubio was considered a possible running mate for Romney in 2012 and served as a key surrogate for him on the campaign trail. Cruz was elected to the Senate the day Romney lost, and when he arrived in Washington, the party’s base was in open revolt against its leadership. When he was sworn into office in January 2013, he understood both that the mood of the conservative grassroots was one of hostility to Washington and that the start of an open nomination contest was just two years off.

‘Frankly, I’ve found the more reviled you are in Washington, the more they appreciate you in places like Waco, and Dallas, and San Antonio,” Cruz writes in the opening chapter of his 2015 memoir. And, he might have added, in Des Moines and Reno, Concord, and Charleston.

Cruz came to Washington to make enemies of his fellow senators, and friends — fans — among the conservative grassroots. Much of the fury that fueled the Tea Party was directed at the Bush administration, whose bailouts of the nation’s big banks had been too much even for the president’s allies in Congress to abide. (Such establishment fixtures as Paul Ryan and Eric Cantor opposed it.)

Cruz was able to harness the agitation that had built over the perceived failures of the Bush administration, Romney’s loss, and Barack Obama’s unconstrained progressive governance to create a new narrative: The battle playing out in Washington, he says, is not between Republicans and Democrats but between the elites and everybody else; not between liberals and conservatives, but between the “Washington cartel” and the American people.

Hear him on the campaign trail, on the Senate floor, or, presumably, muttering in his sleep, and Cruz is relentlessly on message. “What Ted talks about is framing the narrative, and whoever can frame the narrative wins the day,” says Brian Baker, a Republican political operative and longtime Cruz friend.

That sort of rhetoric — Washington versus the people — appealed to the portion of the party that is moved more by demonstrations of defiance than by detailed policy proposals. Which suits Cruz’s natural interests. “The big difference between the two of them,” says one Republican policy maven, “is that Rubio is just policy-minded. Cruz knows a lot, he just doesn’t think of policy in the way that Rubio does.”

A top Republican strategist familiar with Cruz’s thinking says he has no real interest in policy: “He likes to talk about political strategy and the finer points of constitutional debates — everything is a constitutional-purity debate for him.”

Cruz has used the Senate as a platform for his message, displaying willpower in the face of criticism in ways that have electrified the Republican base. There was no greater example of that than the 2013 government shutdown, which took place less than a year after he was sworn into office.

A Republican aide sympathetic to Cruz’s position on the 2013 confrontation says that Cruz genuinely did not anticipate a shutdown. Rather, the expectation was that the effort, according to the aide, “could create some leverage for negotiators to get some sort of symbolic victory where some of the [Obamacare] mandates would be defunded.”

In the wake of the shutdown, according to one Republican operative, Cruz admitted privately that his strategy had backfired. It was a rare admission, a concession that there was such a thing as overreach in his attempts to invite the scorn of GOP leaders and ignite the passions of the Republican base.

Of course, the shutdown still benefited Cruz politically. The media and his colleagues heaped derision upon him, but he wouldn’t have had it any other way. The shutdown made him the face of the anti-establishment.

But that comes with a price. “The establishment is a real thing,” says the Republican operative, and if Cruz succeeds in winning the nomination, the Republican senators he has gained so much popularity deriding will be “knifing him in the back the whole time.” The broader implication is that, while the tactics that have endeared Cruz to his supporters may help him win the nomination, they may also put him, and his party, at a disadvantage in a general-election match-up against Hillary Clinton.

Rubio made a deliberate attempt to avoid the limelight when he arrived on Capitol Hill in January 2011. He turned down hundreds of interview requests and declined an invitation to speak at the Conservative Political Action Conference the month after he was sworn in. Instead, according to an aide, he spent his time reading policy papers and boning up on national issues. He also began to receive a daily intelligence briefing.

“If I want to be a real serious policymaker, I need to be informed,” he told the Gainesville Sun at the time. “I can’t just read off talking points. I need to know what I’m talking about.”

If Cruz maintained his position as an opponent of the Republican establishment, Rubio moved to fill the space between the Tea Party and the leadership of his party. In mid January 2011, he spent four days in Afghanistan and Pakistan with Mitch McConnell, then the Senate minority leader, who would eventually use his influence to help appoint Rubio to the foreign-relations and intelligence committees. Those posts would in turn help Rubio establish the credentials to become one of the party’s leading spokesmen on foreign policy.

The McConnell trip wasn’t the only symbolic step Rubio made during his first few weeks in office. Despite strong entreaties from the Senate’s new tea-party caucus, he declined to join the group after expressing concern about politicians’ co-opting the movement. Cruz allies, several in interviews for this piece, still criticize Rubio for hiring a K Street lobbyist, Cesar Conda, as his chief of staff. Another lobbyist, Sally Canfield, who had come to Rubio from the pharmaceutical industry, became his policy director.

Rubio has spent his Senate tenure working with reform-conservative (“reformicon”) wonks to craft an array of conservative policy proposals, most of which haven’t made headlines. They have served as an effective platform on which to run for president. Reformicons, and Rubio, have urged Republicans to move away from the solutions they offered to the problems of the previous generation — high income taxes, urban crime — and toward addressing today’s problems, from stagnant wages to the rising cost of higher education.

Rubio, says Yuval Levin, the editor of the reformicon policy journal National Affairs and a contributing editor of National Review, “had a habit of getting us policy-type people in his office to talk even when he wasn’t working on a bill, which is rare.” Indeed, many of his legislative proposals have been plucked directly from the major reformicon publications — his tax-reform bill from a 2010 piece in National Affairs, proposals on reforming higher education from the reformicon cri de coeur book Room to Grow, and a welfare-reform policy from a piece in this magazine.

On immigration reform, Rubio saw an issue on which good policy would also make good politics after the party suffered a loss in 2012 partly attributed to Mitt Romney’s poor showing among Hispanics. His allies say he always knew the issue would be a tough sell fraught with bitterness and controversy on both sides. But he was making a political calculation to appeal to moderates in his own party, as well as to Democrats. Rubio’s positions on immigration have been wobbly: During his tenure in the Florida legislature, he voted to grant illegal immigrants free tuition and resisted Republican efforts to enforce immigration laws more aggressively; running to the right of Charlie Crist in his Senate primary, he became an immigration hawk; and in 2013, he supported a path to citizenship for immigrants here illegally.

It was a colossal political miscalculation by a man who, despite his boyish demeanor, has proved himself a skilled infighter in situations in which many believed him to be outmatched, including the current Republican-nomination contest against his onetime mentor Jeb Bush.

All along, the Gang of Eight bill that Rubio backed had existed uneasily alongside the White House’s push for immigration reform, and Rubio continues to battle the perception that he became a pawn in a game ultimately controlled by New York Democratic senator Chuck Schumer and his allies in the White House. A Republican supporter of the immigration overhaul says it became clear at a certain point in the negotiations that the White House was essentially running the show, and he remains puzzled why Rubio seemingly couldn’t figure that out. “I think Republican primary voters are asking themselves that every day,” he says.

If the shutdown was Cruz’s moment of overreach in his attempt to become the figurehead of the Republican grassroots, immigration reform was Rubio’s own overextension in an effort to position himself as a new sort of Republican capable of uniting conservatives and moderates. But whereas the shutdown only endeared Cruz to his base, Rubio’s misjudgment on immigration seemed to threaten his national viability. At the time of the collapse of the Gang of Eight bill, many were writing Rubio’s political obituary. “I thought Rubio was done. I thought, He’ll never recover from this,” says one Republican strategist. Time will tell whether the immigration issue costs Rubio the nomination or merely remains a problem he must contend with. If the former, it may be that the candidate who has until now polled most strongly in general-election match-ups against Hillary Clinton was his own biggest obstacle to winning the nomination and confronting her.

Cruz has never been subtle about his path to the Republican nomination. He and his strategists have long said that they won’t try to win over moderates and that the tendency of previous Republican standard-bearers to woo independents in the general election has demoralized the base, decreased Republican turnout, and ensured their defeat.

Cruz’s advisers cite recent examples to make their case: Both John Kerry in 2004 and Mitt Romney in 2012 won independent voters and still lost, while George W. Bush’s reelection-year focus on turning out the conservative base delivered him the popular-vote victory that had eluded him in 2000.

Cruz’s campaign model is not that of the Republican moderates; rather, they are taking a page from the playbook of a liberal Democrat. “We have the ability to do what Obama did in ’08 and ’12, which is to expand the base,” says a longtime Cruz friend. “And we think our base — you can’t take it for granted, and you can grow it significantly.” As Cruz himself told the New York Times, “the campaign that we are consciously emulating is Barack Obama’s 2008 primary campaign against Hillary Clinton.”

The Cruz campaign is built on the premise that he can consolidate the Right and that doing so is sufficient to win a general election. There is no doubt that he has made progress in uniting the base. Social conservatives, led by Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council, have coalesced around Cruz, whose chief rivals in that camp — former Texas governor Rick Perry, Wisconsin governor Scott Walker, Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal — have dropped out of the race already.

Cruz has money (nearly $$14 million on hand at the beginning of October, and much more stashed away in a cluster of super PACs) and momentum, and he has invested heavily in fieldwork. In Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Nevada, his team boasts volunteer county chairmen in all 171 counties. It has volunteer coordinators in all 163 congressional districts in the first 24 nominating states. He has focused particular attention on the first-ever “SEC primary” (nicknamed after the regional football conference) on March 1, which includes several southern states flush with Evangelicals who have never before had the opportunity to influence the nomination process.

But some question whether his is a winning general-election strategy. “His argument is, not only do you just need Republicans to win the general, but you just need half of Republicans,” says a Republican strategist familiar with Cruz’s thinking. “It’s not terribly controversial to say we need not just Republicans, but some non-Republicans, too.”

Rubio’s theory is that a conservative can unite the Right, but that the nominee can and must attract the party’s moderates, and ultimately some Democrats, to the conservative cause. Meanwhile, it has come as a surprise to many that it is Rubio, rather than Walker, Jindal, or Perry — or Mike Huckabee or Rick Santorum — who is evidently emerging as Cruz’s chief impediment to unifying the party’s right flank.

Rubio’s advisers insist they are not ceding an inch to Cruz when it comes to chasing conservative voters, even as Rubio has become a leading establishment candidate, earning the support of top party donors, including hedge-fund billionaires Paul Singer, Cliff Asness, and Ken Griffin. “We are running in the conservative lane,” says a top Rubio adviser.

While establishment candidates in the past have had to drag the conservative base along with them, Rubio’s team looks at it the other way around. “The winner of this race,” says the Rubio adviser, “is going to be somebody in the conservative lane that has the ability to take voters, whether they are establishment or center-right, in some cases holding their noses,” and win their support. “Nobody other than Marco has the ability to do that,” he says.

Of course, the Cruz forces see it differently, and center-right candidates, including Chris Christie and Jeb Bush, have been hitting Rubio. And a significant obstacle to the emergence of this race is Donald Trump, who continues to lead national polls. Should it fully materialize, though, a Cruz–Rubio showdown would be epic for the Right. “If it comes down to a Cruz–Rubio race, it’s a huge win for the conservative movement,” says Wesley Goodman, the former executive director of the Conservative Action Project, an umbrella organization for conservative-activist groups and a candidate for state representative in Ohio. “I think most people will be with Cruz but secretly jumping up and down with excitement” about having Rubio as a backup.

The two candidates represent starkly different options for Republican voters about the party’s approach to politics, to policy, and to winning elections. Ultimately, a battle between them is a struggle over what sort of conservative, both temperamentally and ideologically, is a better standard-bearer for the Republican party now and in the future.

– Tim Alberta contributed to the reporting for this piece.

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
555672,"With the U.S.-led coalition now taking military action against Islamic State forces inside Syria, the British government is facing increasing pressure to participate. For four reasons, it is very likely to do so.

1. Prime Minister Cameron wants to take action. The British prime minister is a firm supporter of President Obama. This relationship is encapsulated by Cameron’s U.N. meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani, where he’s acting as an American interlocutor to seek Iran’s support for the counter-IS coalition.

But beyond his friendship with President Obama, Cameron believes that the U.K. must play a central role in international security. Consider Cameron’s forceful condemnations of IS. Following the beheading of British citizen David Haines, Cameron described IS as “monsters” and the “embodiment of evil.” Britain, he said, would “hunt down those responsible and bring them to justice no matter how long it takes.” The prime minister is also greatly concerned by the hundreds of British nationals fighting with IS. He fears that these individuals will return to the U.K. with the operational skills and intent to commit terrorist atrocities.

It’s crucial to note how the U.K. political landscape has changed in the last few days. With the Scottish referendum concluded and the existential threat to Cameron’s position now receded (he would have faced calls to resign had Scotland gone independent), he now has the political space to pursue the Islamic State. With another U.K. citizen, Mr. Henning, facing murder as IS’s next Western victim, and President Obama actively seeking British support, Cameron believes he must move from the sidelines. For these reasons, he’s likely to recall Parliament later this week.

2. The British people support military action. In contrast to last August, when Cameron sought parliamentary authority to use force against Bashar al-Assad, polls suggest that the British people support military action against the Islamic State. Seeing IS storm across Iraq and Syria, and fearing the return of U.K. terrorists, a majority of Britons now believe that military action is both justified and necessary. The beheading of David Haines has galvanized U.K. opinion. Most recent polls suggest that over the past month, support for U.K. military action has increased by 17 percent. Today, 54 percent of Britons support action and 25 percent oppose.

These numbers are crucial. As I explained last year, the war in Iraq looms over British politicians. But seeing that the public supports action, parliamentarians are adopting a noticeably tougher tone. Chuka Umunna, a rising star in the opposition Labour party, told the BBC, “I think the public is in a different place. . . . [The Islamic State] need to be eliminated. They are an evil organization.”

3. The Labour-party opposition broadly supports military action. Although Labour MPs are raising caveats for supporting military action, the rhetoric of party leaders rhetoric is clearly different from what it was in August. Then, seeking political advantage from public hesitation, Labour rejected Cameron’s request to use force. Now, however, senior Labour officials are giving clear signals of support for military action. What’s equally important here is that national elections will take place next summer. Labour’s leader, Ed Miliband, wants to build his national-security credibility. After all, he was widely derided for his August 2013 stance against Assad, and his personal-approval ratings remain weak. Facing the beheading of U.K. citizens, he won’t stand against public opinion.

All of this means that while Labour MPs might not, absent a U.N. resolution, support action against IS in Syria, the majority are likely to support Cameron on action in Iraq.

4. President Obama’s coalition consolidates U.K. involvement. While the form and durability of President Obama’s coalition is yet to be established, the overt participation of major Arab states, including Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE, makes U.K. military action much more likely. Witnessing involvement from regional states, Cameron, his Liberal Democrat coalition partners, and his Labour opponents will believe that the U.S.-led coalition now has the Islamic credibility to legitimize counter-IS strikes. British politicians are deeply anxious to avoid any perception of a Western-dominated military excursion in the Middle East. As an extension, concerns surrounding international law and multinational legitimacy are greatly important in British politics.

Over the next few days, expect a tough speech from Cameron at the U.N. General Assembly. There, he’ll likely outline his intent to join President Obama’s coalition and recall Parliament to authorize force. By this time next week, Royal Air Force jets might well be in action against the Islamic State.

— Tom Rogan is a columnist for the Daily Telegraph and holds the Tony Blankley Chair at the Steamboat Institute. He is based in Washington, D.C., and tweets @TomRtweets.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
899510,"China has recently detained hundreds of practitioners of a fringe cult. At first glance, it’s easy to read this as just another case of religious persecution against Chinese Christians. But that interpretation is wholly wrong.

Those arrested are allegedly from the Eastern Lightning cult, which calls itself Christian but, in reality, is something very different. The group teaches that Christ has come back to earth in the form of a Chinese woman named Deng, who lives in Henan province. It has also apparently latched on to Mayan Doomsday prophesies.

Eastern Lightning is notoriously violent, in many ways resembling a terrorist organization or a gang more than a church. Members have often resorted to kidnap and torture to force conversions. Real Christians are among Eastern Lightning’s primary targets. The group assaults or kills defectors, and it also has politically revolutionary tendencies; calls for members to “exterminate the great red dragon,” a reference to the Communist Party, reportedly prompted today’s crackdown.

To be sure, China’s legal system leaves much to be desired, and it’s possible that some of those detained are innocent of Eastern Lightning’s characteristically criminal behavior. There’s also good reason to expect that if there are any innocents, they won’t get a fair hearing.

Yet a crackdown on Eastern Lightning could justifiably happen even under a liberal, Western legal system that acknowledges religious freedom.

Context matters here. The Chinese government remains uncomfortable with religious practice. Unable to get rid of religion altogether, Beijing instead attempts to manage its practice with an elaborate bureaucracy. Any believers who worship outside the state-sanctioned system risk intense persecution.

Yet almost no unsanctioned Christian groups are revolutionary or political. For the most part, they just want to worship in peace. To associate them with Eastern Lightning is to do them a profound disservice.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
597930,"Failing Upward

Robert VerBruggen reviews The Up Side of Down: Why Failing Well Is the Key to Success, by Megan McArdle.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
558225,"Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius has an op-ed out today in the Wall Street Journal in which she attempts to defend herself from those who have pointed out her menacing, Chavistic attempts to intimidate the health-insurance industry. Let’s go through her piece, point-by-point.

There’s a long history of special interests using similar attacks to oppose change. In the mid-1960s, for example, some claimed Medicare would put our country on the path to socialism.

Ironically, Medicare is in far worse shape today, and has done more damage to the fiscal stability of the country, than anyone could have predicted in 1965. Sixties-era critics could scarcely have imagined that, by 2010, the government would control more than half of all health-care spending; that our per capita state spending would be higher than all but two countries in the world; and that Medicare would lead to tens of trillions of dollars of unfunded liabilities. Indeed, it is precisely the track record of Medicare and Medicaid that leads most Americans to view Obamacare with alarm.

But what is really objectionable about these comments is not who they’re attacking, but what they’re defending. These critics seem to believe that any oversight of the insurance industry is too much, and that consumers would be better off in a system where they have few rights or protections.

This is a ridiculous assertion. We already have extensive regulation of insurance at the state level — just ask anyone in Massachusetts. It is entirely appropriate for there to be a regulatory framework for the insurance industry, to ensure that insurers remain solvent, and to prevent genuinely fraudulent business practices. And there long has been one. But states’ (and now the feds’) overweening micromanagement of plan benefits and premiums is precisely why most Americans face higher prices and fewer choices.

Over the past decade, Americans have seen what happens when insurance companies have free rein. The cost of health insurance has more than doubled, while millions of hard-working Americans lost their coverage or drained their savings to keep up with premiums. Employers—big and small—have struggled mightily to absorb these cost increases and have been losing the fight.

Why has the cost of health insurance doubled? Because of unwise government policies: lobbyist-driven state mandates that force insurers to cover things like acupuncture and drug abuse; wage controls that favor employer-sponsored insurance over individually purchased plans; Medicare’s subsidy of wasteful and fraudulent care; and laws that prevent physician entrepreneurs from competing against hospital monopolies. Obamacare, rather than addressing these problems, makes them worse.

As insurance commissioner and governor of Kansas, I saw firsthand how these rate hikes burdened people. I spoke with families who watched their insurance go up 20%, 30%, even 40% a year without explanation. I met with small business owners who had stopped offering health insurance to their employees because they couldn’t afford the annual double-digit premium increases.

It is Sebelius’s experience as Kansas insurance commissioner that makes it highly unlikely that she does not appreciate the misleading nature of her arguments. She knows that insurers have extremely slim profit margins, and that they are forced to either pass on the cost increases imposed on them by hospitals and doctors, or go bankrupt.

Yet even as our insurance markets have failed Americans time and time again, special interests successfully blocked reform.

Yes, special interests blocked reform: by supporting Obamacare. Corporate health-care interests were more than happy to support a law that would force tens of millions of new customers to buy their products.

We are already seeing this new level of accountability pay off. Last week, North Carolina’s largest insurer announced a “one-time refund that will return $$155.8 million to more than 215,000 individual Blue Cross Blue Shield customers as a result of the Affordable Care Act.” This rebate will put an average of $$720 back into the pockets of each of those policyholders. In addition, thanks to diligent work by North Carolina’s insurance commissioner, they’ll see their premiums rise by less than 6% in 2011—the smallest rate increase in four years.

This is another misleading assertion by someone who knows better. As Hank Stern of InsureBlog points out, the rebates are funded by drawing down the plan’s active life reserves: a “rainy day fund” that, when it is not being raided, increases the stability of the plan and reduces the risk of future rate increases.

A day after Blue Cross Blue Shield’s announcement, seniors with private Medicare plans got some news that most Americans haven’t heard in years: Their premiums will actually go down 1% next year, even as many of them enjoy better benefits.

Is Sebelius seriously trying to argue that Medicare Advantage premiums are slated to go down, with better benefits, under Obamacare? When over $$500 billion has been removed from the program? If she’s right, then maybe more people should leave traditional, government-run Medicare in favor of the privately run Medicare Advantage program.

The Affordable Care Act is bringing some basic fairness to our health insurance market. So when I learned that a handful of insurers around the country are blaming their significant rate increases on the new law—even though the facts show that the impact of the law on premiums is small, just 1% to 2% declining over time—I let them know that we’d be closely reviewing their rate hikes.

They say that people aren’t entitled to their own facts. But unless the HHS has invented time travel, projections about the future aren’t facts. One can understand Secretary Sebelius’s desire to represent government forecasts as “facts,” but her desire does not make them so.

It’s understandable that some insurance companies and their allies don’t welcome this change. They’ve made large profits from the status quo. And it’s not surprising—though still disappointing—that House Republicans have recently pledged to repeal the Affordable Care Act and get rid of these new consumer protections.

Insurance companies, like everyone else, are out for themselves: they support things like the individual mandate, which drives up their business, and oppose things like price controls, which limit their viability. But just because something is bad for insurers doesn’t mean it’s good for the public, nor vice versa. Insurers are the messenger: passing on the high cost of health care to individual consumers. True health reform doesn’t involve demonizing the messenger, but addressing the underlying reasons for high costs.

If critics really want to go back to the days when insurance companies ran wild with no accountability, they should have the courage to say so openly instead of hiding behind distracting attacks. In the meantime, we’re going to keep standing up for American families and small business owners who deserve a system that works for them.

American families and small business owners — and large business owners, for that matter — do deserve a system that works for them. That involves, first and foremost, repealing Obamacare, and minimizing the degree to which Washington makes our health-care decisions. Kathleen Sebelius is essentially saying, “Trust us. We’re the government, and we’re here to help.” Her misleading op-ed makes her less worthy of that trust.

— Avik Roy is an equity research analyst at Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., and blogs on health-care policy at The Apothecary.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
658253,"The Red-Light District

At too many intersections, there are cameras of ill repute

By John J. Miller — December 17, 2014, Issue

On December 5, Newark, N.J., mayor Ras Baraka hosted a press conference to talk about red-light cameras — devices that snap photos of drivers who violate traffic laws, allowing authorities to issue tickets by mail. “The presence of the cameras causes drivers to think twice before darting into an intersection after the light has turned red,” said Baraka, flanked by a group of fellow New Jersey mayors and lawmakers. “This program provides us with a means to deter dangerous driving behaviors and hold those who do break the law accountable.”

Those citations also fuel Newark’s government, as Baraka, a Democrat, admitted in a follow-up interview: “We need that money,” he told the Star-Ledger. “The city is bringing in about $$4 million a year.”

No wonder critics call them “scameras”: Money may not grow on trees, but for local governments, a red-light camera mounted on a pole near a busy intersection can be the next best thing, as it spits out tickets every time motorists miss a light by a fraction of a second. These cameras may go up in the name of public safety, but in practice they’re vulnerable to both malfunction and manipulation, ultimately serving the interests of revenue agents rather than drivers. “Red-light cameras are government-sanctioned theft,” says Declan O’Scanlon, a Republican assemblyman in New Jersey who turned their termination into a political cause. “They’re a backdoor way to take more of the people’s money but not to call it a tax.”

After two decades of gaining momentum, red-light cameras finally may be headed for the junkyard, as more public officials, activists, and ordinary motorists object to their spread and fight for their rollback. On Election Day, communities in Arizona, Missouri, and Ohio banned photo ticketing. Days later, regulators in California announced new rules that could push the Golden State’s red-light cameras into obsolescence. And on December 16, despite the pleadings of Mayor Baraka and others, all the red-light cameras in New Jersey went dark when a state law authorizing their temporary use expired, making New Jersey’s state legislature the first in the country to permit the introduction of red-light cameras and then to boot them out.

A good case can be made on behalf of red-light cameras: If drivers know that the electronic enforcement of traffic laws can hit them in their pocketbooks, then perhaps they’ll take extra care when they’re behind the wheel. At least that’s the theory that persuaded the first jurisdictions to adopt red-light cameras in the early 1990s. By 2012, more than 500 cities and counties in 24 states had deployed the systems, according to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. These included all sorts of localities, from small towns in Colorado and Tennessee to big cities such as Dallas, New York, and Seattle.

Do red-light cameras really work? Brenda Talent doubts it. She’s the president of the Show-Me Institute, a free-market think tank in Missouri, as well as the wife of former GOP senator Jim Talent. Three years ago, she opened her mail and discovered a $$100 citation from Kansas City, Mo., along with a photograph of a car turning left on a red light. “It really ticked me off,” says Talent. “Nobody in our family was in Kansas City that day, and the car in the picture wasn’t even the same make or model as ours.” A reader had misread the license plate, interpreting a V as a Y. Talent called to complain, and a city official promised to correct the mistake. A few days later, however, a new ticket arrived, having repeated the original blunder. Another call finally fixed the problem, but the experience left Talent with a distinct impression: “By gum, they’re going to send out their tickets no matter what, because they’ve created this crazy system of using traffic fines to fund government.”

The occasional error might be tolerable if red-light cameras also improved public safety. But dozens of studies by governments, universities, and think tanks have found that it’s not clear that they do. Although the most robust research suggests that the cameras can cut down on the side-impact collisions that occur when drivers ignore red lights, they come with unintended consequences. The cameras also seem to increase the rear-end crashes caused by drivers who slam on their brakes when traffic signals turn from green to yellow. A choice between getting T-boned at an intersection or rear-ended at the approach to one is no choice at all, as the former is much more dangerous to life and property. Yet any analysis of red-light cameras and their effectiveness is complex, contentious, and often ruled by the unique conditions of particular roadways rather than universal principles.

Red-light cameras are indisputably good at one thing: generating cash. Nobody knows how much revenue they’ve raised for city and county governments over the years, but a conservative estimate would put the figure in the billions of dollars. “Politicians sell these cameras as safety measures, but they never live up to the promise,” says John Bowman of the National Motorists Association, an advocacy group. “They prey on drivers through aggressive ticketing.”

When a traffic light turns yellow, drivers must decide quickly whether they have enough time and space to stop before it turns red. What they confront is a basic problem of physics, involving speed and distance as well as a range of variables that includes reaction times, the size of vehicles, the grade of the road, and the weather. Most drivers make the right decision most of the time, but transportation experts have a special name for that limbo-like area in which the choice to go or to stop is not obvious even to careful motorists. They call it the “dilemma zone.”

For those caught in this unnerving spot, everything hinges on the duration of the yellow light. Federal guidelines call for yellow lights to display for three to six seconds, depending on the nature of the intersection. They also recommend that red lights shine in all directions for a full second before any of the lights turn green. Local officials have a lot of discretion to adjust the precise timing. If they take their job seriously, their goal should be to reduce the size of the dilemma zone to its vanishing point, so that they can accommodate the overwhelming majority of drivers who want to obey traffic laws and stay safe.

When governments tie their budgets to ticketing, however, they give themselves powerful incentives not to think about red-light cameras as tools of enforcement but rather as robotic toll collectors. Last year, Noah Pransky, a television reporter in Tampa Bay, revealed that Florida officials had quietly approved shorter yellow-light times for intersections, allowing localities to issue millions of dollars in tickets. His reports pressured the state to reverse course, and Tallahassee has put new limits on citations. “Governments play these games everywhere,” says Jay Beeber, an activist in California.

Chicago is one of the country’s most enthusiastic operators of red-light cameras, having generated almost $$500 million in revenue since 2003 from nearly 400 cameras. In September, a camera on Cicero Avenue caught Rosetta McKenzie, a home-health-care worker, going through a red light. She says she wasn’t aware of her violation at the time, but soon she received a ticket for $$100. “I knew I hadn’t done anything wrong,” she says. “The yellow light at that intersection did not last three seconds.” So she contacted Barnet Fagel, who calls himself the “Red Light Doctor.” He has built a small business around fighting tickets issued by red-light cameras. For a fee, he will examine the city’s video evidence. On December 4, he and McKenzie went before a judge and showed that the yellow light at the intersection in question had flashed for less than 2.8 seconds. The judge voided the ticket. “These cameras have nothing to do with safety,” says McKenzie. “It’s all about money.”

The mere existence of a market for Fagel’s services suggests that Chicago abuses ordinary drivers with red-light cameras — and in October, the city admitted to having issued more than 77,000 tickets to drivers at intersections whose yellow lights had flashed for less than three seconds. This came three months after an extensive investigation by the Chicago Tribune found “clear evidence” that thousands of drivers had received tickets that they didn’t deserve owing to “faulty equipment, human tinkering, or both.” Reporters David Kidwell and Alex Richards documented a series of occasions when red-light cameras went through curious bursts of activity. One camera near the United Center, for instance, routinely issued a handful of citations each day — but for a two-week period in 2013, it averaged 56 per day and then returned to its former pace. City officials couldn’t explain what happened, even as they insisted that they had not meddled with the cameras and claimed to have no maintenance records.

Upon learning such details, an honest government would offer to refund wrongful citations. Chicago has done nothing of the sort, but then honesty never has had much to do with Chicago’s red-light cameras. On December 10, Martin O’Malley pled guilty in federal court to funneling $$2 million in bribes from Redflex Traffic Systems, which until last year managed Chicago’s red-light cameras, to John Bills, a former transportation official for the city. Bills, who maintains his innocence, allegedly accepted everything from Super Bowl tickets to a condo in Arizona for helping Redflex secure the lucrative contract.

Academics tend to think that red-light cameras, when used properly, can offer advantages. “They can have a small positive effect,” says Joseph Hummer, an engineering professor at Wayne State University. Yet Hummer also offers an important caveat: “They should be the countermeasure of last resort.” What he means is that when it comes to driver safety at intersections, engineers have lots of options. They can lengthen sight distances, lower speed limits, or change the timing of signals. “Cameras are a pretty drastic remedy,” he says.

He’s right about that — and recent history shows that red-light cameras are also susceptible to drastic abuse. Perhaps it’s time for a drastic remedy: shutter them completely.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702295,"Cornell University is looking for a tenure track assistant professor whose only qualification is diversity; actual field of study is irrelevant. The job listing says that the candidate can apply for “some area of the humanities or qualitative social sciences.” Might that area be French literature? Or field methods for anthropology? Who cares! Such nit-picking disciplinary distinctions harken back to a bygone era when universities thought of themselves as the guardians of knowledge. Today, when they are focused overwhelmingly on the expansion of identity politics, the most important academic qualification is the claim of victimhood. And in Cornell’s case, victimhood is now the only academic qualification required. The Cornell listing goes on to explain: “We are especially interested in considering applications from members of underrepresented groups, those who have faced economic hardship, are first-generation college graduates, or work on topics related to these issues.”

In other words, as long as you are black or Hispanic, or claim to be underprivileged, we want you, no matter what your field is. If you are not in that favored category, forget it.

Note that quantitative social sciences and the hard sciences are not included. For the moment, they still have some remainder of intellectual standards that are independent of the usual diversity pressures — though few are the science departments that are not under relentless pressure from their administrations to hire on the basis of gender. (Hiring by race is a pure pipe dream, so few are the remotely qualified “diverse” candidates.)

It is hard to imagine a more revealing demonstration of how thoroughly the academic endeavor has been hijacked by narcissistic irrelevancies. Parents thinking of sending a child to Cornell should be on notice: He may be taught by someone chosen purely on the basis of skin color, with no attention given to that professor’s contribution to Cornell’s intellectual depth and breadth.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
597750,"Alexandra DeSanctis

Alexandra DeSanctis is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism and a graduate of the University of Notre Dame, where she studied political science, theology, and the Constitution.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
595046,"It took a while, but Kathleen Kane, Pennsylvania’s disgraced former Attorney General, was convicted last week of multiple criminal charges. The New York Times explains:

A jury found Ms. Kane, 50, guilty of nine criminal charges, including perjury and criminal conspiracy, convicting her of leaking grand jury information, and then lying about it, in an effort to discredit a political rival. Ms. Kane was caught up in a web of scandal and counterscandal, threaded with lewd emails, political rivalries and alleged leaks. It has cost other state officials, including two State Supreme Court justices, their jobs and Ms. Kane her law license, although she has remained on the job as attorney general.

She remained on the job only until Wednesday night, when her resignation took effect.

From the beginning, Kane’s tenure as AG was shot through with political hackery. One of her first moves as AG was to roll over and refuse to defend the state’s marriage law after left-wing activists challenged it in court.

What ultimately brought her down, though, was her decision to shut down the state’s undercover investigation into widespread corruption among Democratic politicians in Philadelphia. As if that weren’t bad enough, Kane tried to defend herself from the ensuing firestorm by slandering the lead prosecutor and agent on the case through strategic leaks of grand jury information. And then she lied to a grand jury about the leaks.

Kane may now be facing prison time, but she says she has no regrets. I doubt that. Either way, resigning may end up being the best decision she ever made as attorney general.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638115,"Barack vs. Hillary

By William F. Buckley Jr. — January 23, 2008

Students of current events writing on Tuesday morning are expected to discover whether Mr. Obama or Mrs. Clinton is responsible for the collapse of the stock market. Because the accents in which they engaged each other on Monday night certainly asked the voters to conclude that the collapse of the stock market was the doing of one of them.

You may smile, but they are not smiling. It’s true that political competitors, in a very hot race, become, well, unfriendly. When outgoing president Herbert Hoover suffered the indignity of having to ride in the same limousine with President Franklin Delano Roosevelt from the White House all the way to the Capitol, he made his feelings known during the seven-minute ride with the president. He did not open his mouth.

Well, that’s the direction in which Clinton and Obama are headed. The New York Times writes that the “totality of the attacks” lays bare “the ill will and competitive ferocity that has been simmering between them for weeks.”

When two antagonists are required by a scheduled event to speak to their opponent, and when it is clear that they would much rather tear out the eyes of their opponent, they tend to seize on a casus belli which you and I would not think all that mortal, if directed at you or me. Mrs. Clinton railed against Obama because, she said, he never acknowledged responsibility for legislative measures that he had voted for.

He fought back by charging that the Clintons spend all night every night combing through the 4,000 votes cast by Obama in the Illinois state legislature, looking for something to criticize. By contrast, he said, he had himself attempted to maintain “a certain credibility” in the race.

Well, that brought on a charge by Hillary that Barack was tied in with a slumlord in Chicago. In fact, early in his career he had worked for a law firm that did legal work for Antoin Rezko, but that was the sum total of that connection. During this season he has already returned $$40,000 in political contributions that were linked to the alleged slumlord.

Obama came back by pointing out that Mrs. Clinton had served as a (paid) director of Wal-Mart from 1986 to 1992, while he was “working on the streets of Chicago” as a community organizer. Mrs. Clinton did not have much to say about that.

The animal spirits got so hot that before long, Barack was taking on not only Mrs. Clinton but Mr. Clinton. “I can’t tell who I’m running against sometimes,” he said, charging that Bill Clinton had done as much as his wife to distort Obama’s views and record. At several points, Obama used the phrase “Senator Clinton and President Clinton.”

Well, one of the two stands a very good chance of becoming president. And it can only be said with confidence about their current contentions that not a correction will be made, in 2009, when their differences will be taken as simple campaign oratory. That is how, after the 1940 election, Wendell Willkie characterized his observations about FDR, whom, during the campaign, he had said should be handcuffed, sent to Sing Sing, and deprived of bread and water.

All told, it seems a pretty conventional modern contest for power between candidates who wish to exceed each other in promises made to the voters. “Health care should be universal,” said Hillary. Obama might have answered, “Success in the stock market should be universal.” But there isn’t anything a president can do to secure that, so if Obama wins, he’ll have to settle for providing health care for Dow Jones.



COPYRIGHT 2008 UNIVERSAL PRESS SYNDICATE",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241527,"According to materials from a diversity-training course at Clemson University, it’s culturally insensitive to expect people to show up on time because “time may be considered fluid” in some cultures.

Clemson’s “Diversity Benefits for Higher Education” initiative — which cost the school more than $$25,000, according to Campus Reform — presents its participants with slides featuring hypothetical scenarios, and asks them to select the correct, culturally sensitive action from a list of options.

“Alejandro scheduled a 9:00 a.m. meeting with two groups of visiting professors and students from other countries,” one of the scenarios states. “When he arrived, he found that the first group had been waiting for fifteen minutes.”

“The second group arrived at 9:10 and wanted to socialize first,” it continues. “What should Alejandro do?”

The slide then lists three options:

1. “Politely ask the second group to apologize.”

2. “Explain, ‘In our country, 9:00 a.m. means 9:00 a.m.’”

3. “As the meeting organizer, he should recognize cultural differences that may impact the meeting and adjust accordingly.”

The correct answer, according to the slide, is option three.

“Time may be considered precise or fluid depending on the culture,” the slide explains. “For Alejandro to bring three cultures together he must start from a place of respect, understanding that his cultural perspective regarding time is is neither more nor less valid than any other.”

Sorry, but — nope.

In the United States, it’s just a fact that you’re supposed to arrive to your appointments on time. If you’re late, then you’re supposed to apologize, or else people are going to think that you’re an inconsiderate jerk. Like it or not, that’s objectively true — and pretending that it isn’t true isn’t going to change that.

The truth is that picking the “sensitive” option in this hypothetical scenario really doesn’t do anyone any good at all — including the people who were late. Allowing the people in the second group to not only be late, but also to continue to chat and socialize among themselves when they had already kept the other people waiting might seem like a nice, forgiving thing to do, but it’s really only going to make their lives harder in the long run. Now, I’m not saying you should say something unnecessarily rude (like option two, for example) but allowing them to think there was nothing wrong with what they did will make them think that it’s okay to do it again in the future — and it really isn’t. If one of them goes on to, say, arrive ten minutes late for a job interview and decides to not even apologize, then that person probably isn’t going to get the job. There could be real, objective effects to continuing this kind of behavior that go far, far beyond feeling a little embarrassed for two seconds.

Professors are very busy people, and telling them that they don’t have the right to demand punctuality is absurd. It’s a sign of respect; it shows that you take the other person’s time seriously — and everyone has the right to demand that.

– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.

READ MORE:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
325751,"Is Obama’s Smear Campaign to Defend the Iran Deal Backfiring?

By Fred Fleitz — August 10, 2015

The Obama administration’s efforts to defend its controversial nuclear deal with Iran have turned ugly.

In a speech at American University last week, the president portrayed domestic opponents of the nuclear agreement as partisan Republicans in common cause with “death to America”-chanting Iranian hardliners.

The speech went too far for former Ambassador Nicolas Burns. He told MSNBC after the speech:

I don’t think it’s a fair comparison. I have great respect for the president but frankly I think that speech — the tone of it was ill-advised because what’s really happening here as Congress prepares to vote just after Labor Day is really a battle within the Democratic Party. To suggest that the opponents of the deal are all in effect Iraq War supporters or warmongers, to suggest if the deal is disapproved than war is inevitable — I don’t think the facts support those contentions.

Burns is a career Foreign Service Officer who headed diplomatic efforts against Iran’s nuclear program during President Bush’s second term, and has been appearing in TV interviews and at congressional hearings to defend the Iran deal at the behest of the Obama administration. His comments matter, insofar as they reflect a growing backlash to the administration’s public efforts to sell the deal, even among its most natural supporters and allies.

The Tablet, an online Jewish magazine, ran an editorial on August 7, “Crossing a Line to Sell a Deal,” that accused the president of using coded anti-Semitic language to criticize Jewish Americans for opposing the Iran deal, and to suggest they’ll be to blame if it is rejected by Congress. Some liberal, pro-Obama groups like MoveOn.org have gone further, and are questioning the patriotism of Jewish members of Congress — such as New York senator Chuck Schumer — who oppose the deal.

Elliot Abrams decried this bigotry in an August 10 article in The Weekly Standard:

The basic idea is simple: to oppose the president’s Iran deal means you want war with Iran, you’re an Israeli agent, you are in the pay of Jewish donors, and you are abandoning the best interests of the United States. So Dan Pfeiffer, senior political adviser to Obama until this winter, tweeted that Senator Charles Schumer — who announced his opposition to the Iran deal last week — should not be Democratic leader in the Senate because he “wants War with Iran.”

It is significant that Senator Schumer — who is in line to take over as the Democrats’ leader in the Senate when Harry Reid retires next year — announced his opposition to the Iran deal the day after the president’s American University speech. But it was more significant when, yesterday, former senator and current Democratic presidential candidate Jim Webb not only announced his opposition to the Iran deal but also objected to the attacks on Senator Schumer:

I think it’s a bad deal and I’ve said so for several weeks now. I think we need to put country ahead of party. It troubles me when I see all this debate about whether this is disloyalty to the president or the Democratic Party, particularly with what Chuck Schumer has gone [through].

The president and his supporters are stooping to smearing opponents of the Iran deal because the agreement is so awful that they cannot defend it on its merits. This is becoming harder by the day as Americans learn that the agreement will bolster Iran’s nuclear program and provide billions in sanctions relief that the Islamic Republic will likely use to fund terrorism. (Not to mention the deal’s side agreements, which the administration still refuses to share with Congress.) Statements opposing the deal by Webb, Schumer, and others who normally support the president are signs that the smear campaign is backfiring. Democrats who have not yet weighed in could soon be persuaded to announce their opposition, and other lawmakers who have said they will vote to support the agreement may change their minds.

Meanwhile, the liberal groups engaged in hateful attacks against opponents of the nuclear deal — MoveOn.org, the Daily Kos, Credo, and the National Iranian American Council — are trying to organize a grassroots effort to promote the agreement at town hall meetings held by members of Congress this month. Here’s hoping the principled opposition of Democrats such as Schumer and Webb will inspire those Americans who oppose the Iran deal to drown out the White House’s smear campaign when it comes to a town near them.

— Fred Fleitz is the senior vice president for policy and programs at the Center for Security Policy. He followed the Iranian nuclear issue for the CIA, the State Department, and the House Intelligence Committee during his 25-year government career. Follow him on Twitter @fredfleitz.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
289283,"A Small Price to Pay

By Jack Dunphy — June 7, 2013

As tempting as it may be to impute sinister motives to the current administration in Washington, I cannot bring myself to join those whose knickers are all in a bunch over the Verizon data-collection revelations. Count me in the sanguine camp, where I enjoy the good company of John Yoo, Andy McCarthy, and the editors of the Wall Street Journal.

As a small player in the government-security apparatus, I am aware of the potential for overreach, for tyranny to come creeping in on cat’s feet. But my role in the apparatus also affords me a glimpse at the dangers we face, which are every bit as great today as they were on September 11, 2001. The president applauds himself for the absence of “large-scale” terrorist attacks since he took office, but this comes as small comfort to the victims of Boston or Fort Hood.

Of this we are certain: There are people living in the United States right now, many, many of them, who are no less committed to jihad than the Tsarnaev brothers or Nidal Hassan. If computerized analysis of telephone and Internet traffic can identify them and thwart their aims, I see it as a small price to pay. President Obama has declared an end to the War on Terror, but the terrorists haven’t ended their war on us.

— Jack Dunphy is an officer in the Los Angeles Police Department. “Jack Dunphy” is the author’s nom de cyber.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
905361,"Nevermind Geocaching

By Peter Robinson — November 29, 2004

(though it sound cool). Santa’s bringing GPS technology this year! But…what movie did you see?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
721500,"Fareed Zakaria, editor for Newsweek’s international edition, host for CNN, and member of Yale University’s governing body, tells the Boston Globe that he was consulted about Yale University Press’s publication of a book looking at the Muhammad cartoon crisis in Denmark, and that he recommended censorship of the book:

Fareed Zakaria, editor of the international edition of Newsweek and a member of the Yale Corporation, said he advised Yale to drop the images. “You’re balancing issues of the First Amendment and academic freedom, but then you have this real question of what would be the consequences on human life,’’ he said.

This is not only disappointing, but also ironic given his recent Newsweek cover essay: “Learning to Live with Radical Islam,” subtitled, “We don’t have to accept the stoning of criminals. But it’s time to stop treating all Islamists as potential terrorists.” In his essay, as Martin Kramer points out, Zakaria writes, “We should mount a spirited defense of our views and values.”

It is a sad day when members of the Yale Corporation, the governing body of the university, unabashedly support censorship. The problem is, of course, that it is precisely the most controversial issues which universities must address to remain relevant and to fulfill their research missions.

The other journalist-member of the Yale Corporation is Margaret Warner, who has not yet spoken on the issue.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
325843,"On September 10, 2012, al-Qaeda’s emir, Ayman al-Zawahiri, issued a lengthy statement to his fellow jihadists in Libya. He called on them to avenge the American military’s killing of Abu Yahya al-Libi, the highest ranking al-Qaeda operative in that country. His “blood is calling, urging and inciting you to fight and kill the Crusaders,” Zawahiri cried.

The diatribe was no surprise, the following day being the eleventh anniversary of the 9/11 atrocities committed against the United States by the terror network with which we were — and are — still at war. Plus, jihadists in Benghazi, the terror network’s hub in eastern Libya, had repeatedly attacked American and other Western targets during the preceding five months.

The following night, September 11, 2012, jihadists from al-Qaeda’s main Libyan franchise, Ansar al-Sharia, laid siege to a U.S. State Department mission in Benghazi, the very target jihadists had detonated an IED against only three months earlier, on June 6. They torched the facility, murdered the American ambassador to Libya, killed three additional American officials, and wounded several others in an attack that lasted several hours — a terrorist attack by our wartime enemies during which President Obama and the U.S. armed forces took no meaningful action to respond or rescue our personnel.

Now, do you suppose what happened before the Benghazi massacre — the continuing war with al-Qaeda, the serial jihadist attacks, the call by the terror network’s leader right before the 9/11 anniversary to avenge a “martyr” by striking against the United States — just might shed some light on the terrorist attack involving al-Qaeda’s Libyan franchise against the State Department compound that night?

If you do, you clearly do not work for the Obama administration and its brazenly politicized Justice Department.

For them, as a superseding indictment filed on Monday reaffirms, “al-Qaeda” is a term not to be uttered — except at fundraisers, and only for the purpose of absurdly claiming victory over the terrorist group. And Benghazi is just a spontaneous protest that, somehow, came to involve terrorists — impossible to have foreseen and over in the blink of an eye, before any commander-in-chief could have done much about it.

Yes, Attorney General Eric Holder’s minions have finally filed their long-awaited superseding indictment against Ahmed Abu Khatallah, a ringleader in the Benghazi attack. It is a gussied up replay of the original indictment returned last summer, the one that was roundly mocked by critics, not least by your humble correspondent. That indictment was more a political than a legal document, hewing to the administration’s fictional account of Benghazi as a sudden uprising, not a coordinated attack within the framework of an ongoing terrorist conspiracy.

The Justice Department hopes you’ll miss the chicanery this time because, ostensibly, they’ve beefed up the charges. Instead of the original indictment’s bare-bones brevity — it was just two pages long (actually, just 15 lines) and alleged just one count against the single defendant — the superseding indictment comes in at about 21 pages and now levels 18 charges against Khatallah. But the additional heft merely comes from a mining of new statutory offenses out of the same version of events. The story has not changed.

That is, the new indictment does not allege an al-Qaeda terrorist conspiracy against the United States. It instead posits a scheme lasting just one day — indeed, perhaps just a few hours — in which Khatallah is accused of agreeing to lend material support, namely, himself, to unidentified terrorists who spontaneously attacked the State Department compound without much planning or warning. It is indictment as agitprop: a charging instrument designed to sit comfortably with the Obama administration’s political claims.

The superseding indictment makes no mention of al-Qaeda, much less of Zawahiri’s baying for American blood. After all, the president had said some three-dozen times during the 2012 campaign that he had already defeated al-Qaeda. In fact, Obama had the temerity to repeat that risible claim at his Vegas fundraiser the day after the massacre (“A day after 9/11, we are reminded that a new tower rises above the New York skyline, but al-Qaeda is on the path to defeat and bin Laden is dead”).

The new indictment breathes not a word about the series of jihadist attacks in the months before the Benghazi massacre, including on the State Department mission itself.

Khatallah is now identified as the “commander” of “an Islamist extremist militia in Benghazi” that had merged in 2011 with Ansar al-Sharia. This is an improvement over the original indictment, which did not even allege that Khatallah was a terrorist. That omission must have embarrassed the Justice Department since, as I pointed out at the time, the State Department had already publicly designated Khatallah as a “global terrorist” and a “senior leader” of Ansar al-Sharia. But here’s the thing: The new indictment studiously avoids mentioning that Ansar al-Sharia is al-Qaeda. Rather, Ansar is vaguely described as just “another Islamist extremist group in Libya” that wanted to implement sharia law.

Yet, as the Obama Justice Department well knows, “Ansar al-Sharia” is a moniker used by several al-Qaeda franchises, including in Libya, where the organization is led by Sufyan bin Qumu. Like the scores of other terrorists complicit in the Benghazi massacre and the many anti-Western attacks that preceded it, Qumu is neither charged or mentioned in the indictment of Khatallah (the only terrorist “brought to justice” so far). Yet, as this Long War Journal profile by Tom Joscelyn, recounts, Qumu is a longtime al-Qaeda leader who was detained at Guantanamo Bay until being transferred back to Libya in 2007 — only to return to the jihad when set free by Qaddafi during his failed 2010 attempt to buy peace with the release of anti-regime “rebels.”

Most significant, the superseding indictment contends that everything you need to know about the Benghazi siege happened in a few hectic hours between 9:45 the night of September 11 and 5:15 on the morning of September 12. Just one of those spontaneous uprisings that happen to involve terrorists using mortars.

The new indictment lists 18 counts instead of just one because even a brief assault involving terrorists can yield many felony violations, especially if death results. So now, instead of just conspiring to provide material support to terrorism, Khatallah is also charged with actually providing that support. To repeat, he is said to have done this by contributing himself as “personnel” to the efforts of “terrorists” — terrorists who go unnamed because then you’d have to get into that whole al-Qaeda business.

The Justice Department further confuses matters with a legal error. It alleges that the “objects of the conspiracy” charged against Khatallah included such aims as driving the U.S. out of Libya, attacking the mission, killing Americans, plundering property, and the like. As a strict matter of law, however, the object of a conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists is simply to contribute something — in this case, personnel — to their efforts. The aims of those terrorists may, in turn, include levying war against the United States with all the objectives that entails, including the ones described as “objects of the conspiracy” in the indictment. But that makes them objects of the conspiracy the Justice Department did not actually charge. They are the objects of al-Qaeda’s conspiracy against the United States — the conspiracy the indictment takes pains not to mention, notwithstanding that it was a staple of Justice Department terrorism indictments before President Obama hung his “Mission Accomplished” sign on Osama bin Laden’s corpse.

The remaining charges focus on the murders and attempted murders of American officials, as well as the use of firearms and other “dangerous weapons” against a “federal facility.” They inflate the number of counts and trigger the possibility of a death sentence. They do not change the story. In fact, as in the Fort Hood jihadist attack, these additional charges do not allege terrorism — which, as in the “Khorasan Group” plot, relieves the administration of the inconvenience of uttering the term “al-Qaeda.”

Of course, Khatallah will be convicted and the Obama administration will use the conviction to claim vindication — even as the scores of other terrorists involved in the siege continue the al-Qaeda-driven jihad against America. By the time the trial or the guilty plea comes around, the administration will probably even figure out a way to slip in that the “spontaneous” Benghazi attack was incited by that “hateful anti-Muslim video.”

But understand, this is not law-enforcement or counterterrorism. It is theater and politics.

— Andrew C. McCarthy is a policy fellow at the National Review Institute. His latest book is Faithless Execution: Building the Political Case for Obama’s Impeachment.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
718312,"For Derb, Re: I Forgot Who Said

By John Fonte — September 8, 2004

It was Palmerston (19th century British statesman) who said nations have only permanent interests, not permanent friends. I think the reference was specifically to Britain, as in “Britain has etc.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
696076,"Re: Are American Students Behind?

By Carol Iannone — November 16, 2010

I assume that there is support for what Robert and others have said, that America’s overall educational standings are depressed in worldwide comparison because of the lagging educational performance of minorities. The problem of that lagging performance is treated even more comprehensively in Robert Weissberg’s new book, Bad Students, Not Bad Schools. But there is also something of an anomaly.

Blacks from Africa, the Caribbean, and other places, and their native-born offspring, do better in the U.S. than native blacks and their offspring, and are often the recipients of the affirmative action that was supposed to ameliorate the condition of American-born blacks descended from the slavery and Jim Crow eras. Perhaps that is attributable to the residue of colonial education in these places — more disciplined, more focused on basics, more content-rich, and probably less given to ed-school follies. I have noticed this in students I have had from Jamaica and similar places. Another factor may be the immigrant mentality that is more oriented to success and finds little resonance in ghetto culture.

Regarding America lagging in math scores, though, couldn’t that have something to do with the decline in science and math education in our country? I remember a few years back when Austrian university graduates were recruited to teach math in New York City public schools. I’m assuming that was because of a shortage of Americans to do the teaching. Moreover, one of the young Austrians commented that back in Austria certain of his American students would not have been expected to take advanced math at all, which suggests that other countries might group more capable students into more demanding courses.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
900162,"Sex Ed Program’s Shoddy Anatomy Panned

“Pono Choices” proves liberals don’t even know their own behinds.

By Celina Durgin — June 13, 2014

Hawaii parents scored a big win over a middle school sexual education program that was filled with medical inaccuracies and graphic material that placed a higher premium on promoting homosexuality than delivering health education.

Opponents are preparing a rebuttal report urging the Hawaii Department of Education to send the program Pono Choices back to the University of Hawaii for further review after the department announced Saturday that the curriculum would only be taught to students whose parents explicitly opted in.

“A huge victory in the battle for morality,” State Representative Bob McDermott (R., Ewa Beach) said. “We beat them with science and facts.”

McDermott believes many national sexual education programs are efforts to promote a homosexual lifestyle, and he highlights medical facts that programs like Pono Choices get wrong. He took particular issue with the inclusion of the anus under the list of genitalia (the anus is part of the digestive tract) and the lack of meaningful distinction between anal intercourse and vaginal intercourse.

Tuesday results from a Honolulu Star-Advertiser poll indicated that 60 percent of respondents want to eradicate the program entirely, with only 16 percent wanting to keep it as is. A major revision sought by opponents is the disclosure of elevated risk from anal intercourse and other sexual activities, McDermott said.

The continued efforts since November 2013 of McDermott and others in the community, including a large base of parents, caused the Aloha State’s education department to add the opt-in feature.

Pono opponents seek more revisions of its depictions of sexual intercourse and anatomy that McDermott says violate a state statute requiring sexual education programs to be medically accurate and age-appropriate. (The program is intended for eleven- to 13-year-olds.)

McDermott contends that the program tries to normalize homosexual activity without being forthcoming about the risks, downplaying them even while detailing the risks of heterosexual sex.

For instance, scenarios designed for role-playing responses to various encounters only used heterosexual scenarios when addressing harmful situations, such as abuse. The program did not include homosexual scenarios when addressing harmful sexual situations. McDermott claims a committee member told him the program’s framers did not want to put gays “in a negative light.”

The program was reviewed once in November by an eight-person working group in response to complaints that it was placing politically correct messaging above sound science. The group was meant to be representative, including among others one conservative-leaning director of a faith-based group and one transgender, but the only doctor on the committee was Robert Bidwell, an openly gay physician with an adopted son. He signed off on the report that the curriculum was medically accurate.

All except two group members were connected to the Hawaii Department of Education. The program was re-instituted in November.

Previously children would have been enrolled by default unless parents opted out. But McDermott noted that parents may have lacked the information that would have prompted them to make this decision.

In his report entitled “Sexualizing the Innocent,” McDermott describes a Parent Night meant to inform parents about Pono Choices before the program was initially implemented in twelve Hawaiian public schools in September 2013. This meeting informed parents about the demonstration of condom use and other matters involved in Pono Choices but failed to disclose the materials on homosexual behavior.

Nevertheless, in an affluent neighborhood, one-third of families did opt out at Niu Valley Middle School, according to a Hawaii Department of Education report on the program’s implementation. Fewer families opted out in less-affluent neighborhoods.

Pono Choice was implemented shortly after Governor Neil Abercrombie signed the Hawaii Marriage Equality Act on Nov. 13, 2013, a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the state of Hawaii.

– Celina Durgin a Franklin Center intern at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
558836,"An article in this morning’s USA Today titled, “With Many Still in Dark, Groups Shed Light on Health Care Law,” aims to correct misinformation about Obamacare. Ironically, the article is itself a monument to misinformation.

It begins:

True or false: The new health care law will cut Medicare benefits for seniors. It will slash Medicare payments to doctors. It will ration health care. In three polls conducted last month, large percentages of Americans answered “true” to each statement. All three are false.

In fact, two of the three statements are 100 percent true.

First, Obamacare will cut payments to the private health-insurance companies that provide coverage to the 20 percent of Medicare enrollees who participate in the Medicare Advantage program. That will eliminate many types of coverage for seniors in Medicare Advantage — which should be painfully obvious, but if you require confirmation, visit FactCheck.org. Obamacare will also ratchet down the price controls that Medicare uses to pay hospitals and many other health care providers. It should likewise be obvious that that will reduce access to services that are ostensibly “guaranteed” to all enrollees. But again, if you need confirmation, check in with Medicare’s chief actuary, who works for President Obama. We can debate whether that’s good or bad. What’s not up for debate: Obamacare in fact “will cut Medicare benefits for seniors.”

Second, it is also true — ipso facto – that Obamacare “will ration health care.” To ration is to limit consumption. When Obamacare reduces coverage for Medicare Advantage enrollees and reduces access to care for all Medicare enrollees, it limits seniors’ consumption of medical care. We can debate whether that’s good or bad. What’s not up for debate: that is rationing.

Finally, yes, it is technically false that Obamacare “will slash Medicare payments to doctors.” But since current law will slash Medicare payments to doctors if Congress does nothing, and since an earlier version of Obamacare would have eliminated those cuts, but Obamacare’s architects dropped that provision so as to make Obamacare appear deficit-neutral . . . well, perhaps the public can be forgiven if it confuses “eliminating a provision that would have prevented cuts in Medicare payments to doctors” with “slashing Medicare payments to doctors.”

USA Today continues:

The debunked idea raised by opponents during congressional debate that “death panels” could make end-of-life decisions is seen as real by nearly half of those surveyed.

I’ll rate this statement misinformed and misleading.

First, Sarah Palin’s claim about “death panels” was true at the moment she said it, even if she didn’t know why.

Second, by rationing Medicare enrollees’ access to medical services (see above), Obamacare will effectively make end-of-life decisions for seniors. According to Medicare’s chief actuary, Obamacare could force one in six hospitals to stop accepting Medicare patients. If Obamacare results in there no longer being a hospital bed waiting for Grandma at the end of her life, that’s an end-of-life decision. It wasn’t a personalized decision. It’s not even necessarily the wrong decision. But let’s drop this nonsense about Obamacare not making end-of-life decisions for seniors. And Obamacare did create a panel that will make many of these implicit rationing decisions. It’s called the Independent Payment Advisory Board.

But my guess is that people tell pollsters that Obamacare will make end-of-life decisions because they understand the Golden Rule, and that he who pays the piper calls the tune. So long as the government purchases medical care, it will be the government that decides who receives it and who doesn’t. And Obamacare gave government a lot more of the gold.

USA Today packed a lot of misinformation into this one sentence:

The National Council on Aging posed 12 questions about the law to 636 seniors and found that fewer than 17% of them knew half the answers.

Actually, it’s NCOA that doesn’t know the answers. Here are a few of their poll’s true-false questions:

“The new law will result in future cuts to your basic Medicare benefits.” A plurality of seniors (42 percent) responded “true.” And they’re right: as Medicare’s chief actuary has explained and as NCOA should know, Obamacare will reduce access to care for Medicare enrollees. That’s a benefit cut, unless you think “coverage without care” counts as a benefit. Yet according to NCOA, the correct answer is “false.” Just 22 percent of seniors agreed.

A plurality of seniors (42 percent) responded “true.” And they’re right: as Medicare’s chief actuary has explained and as NCOA should know, Obamacare will reduce access to care for Medicare enrollees. That’s a benefit cut, unless you think “coverage without care” counts as a benefit. Yet according to NCOA, the correct answer is “false.” Just 22 percent of seniors agreed. “Under the new health reform law, Medicare Advantage plans will cut benefits and increase premiums.” NCOA says the correct response is “don’t know,” and that’s the answer that 56 percent of seniors gave. Perhaps seniors haven’t read the chief Medicare actuary’s report, which found that Obamacare “will result in less generous benefits packages” in Medicare Advantage and “when the MA provisions will be fully phased in, enrollment in MA plans will be lower by about 50 percent.” But NCOA should have read that report, and should therefore know that the correct answer is “true.”

NCOA says the correct response is “don’t know,” and that’s the answer that 56 percent of seniors gave. Perhaps seniors haven’t read the chief Medicare actuary’s report, which found that Obamacare “will result in less generous benefits packages” in Medicare Advantage and “when the MA provisions will be fully phased in, enrollment in MA plans will be lower by about 50 percent.” But NCOA should have read that report, and should therefore know that the correct answer is “true.” “The new law is projected to increase the federal budget deficit over the next ten years and beyond.” Again, a plurality (49 percent) responded “true.” Again, they’re right. Yet NCOA thinks the correct response is “false.” No doubt NCOA would point to the Congressional Budget Office projections that Obamacare will reduce the deficit. But those projections are valid only if Obamacare “remain[s] unchanged throughout the next two decades, which is often not the case for major legislation.” The CBO wrote this would particularly be a problem with Obamacare, which “would maintain and put into effect a number of policies that might be difficult to sustain over a long period of time.” So one could reasonably interpret the CBO to have projected an increase, not a decrease in the deficit. Alternatively, seniors could have been thinking about former CBO director Douglas Holtz-Eakin, who projected in the New York Times that ObamaCare “would raise, not lower, federal deficits, by $$562 billion.” There are lots of reasons why “true” is in fact the correct answer. (One of them is that NCOA used the passive construction “is projected.”) Only 14 percent of seniors agreed with NCOA.

Again, a plurality (49 percent) responded “true.” Again, they’re right. Yet NCOA thinks the correct response is “false.” No doubt NCOA would point to the Congressional Budget Office projections that Obamacare will reduce the deficit. But those projections are valid only if Obamacare “remain[s] unchanged throughout the next two decades, which is often not the case for major legislation.” The CBO wrote this would particularly be a problem with Obamacare, which “would maintain and put into effect a number of policies that might be difficult to sustain over a long period of time.” So one could reasonably interpret the CBO to have projected an increase, not a decrease in the deficit. Alternatively, seniors could have been thinking about former CBO director Douglas Holtz-Eakin, who projected in the that ObamaCare “would raise, not lower, federal deficits, by $$562 billion.” There are lots of reasons why “true” is in fact the correct answer. (One of them is that NCOA used the passive construction “is projected.”) Only 14 percent of seniors agreed with NCOA. “As a result of the new law, the solvency of the Medicare Trust Fund will be extended by about 9 years to 2026.” A majority of seniors responded “don’t know” (54 percent), while another 22 percent responded “false.” Either answer is more correct than NCOA’s preferred answer (“true”). There are no assets in the Medicare “trust fund.” Thus there is no date by which those non-assets will be exhausted. Indeed, the “trust fund” has absolutely no effect on Medicare’s solvency. The very premise of this question is a fraud. Someone needs to educate seniors about the Medicare trust fund, but NCOA is not the group to do it.

A majority of seniors responded “don’t know” (54 percent), while another 22 percent responded “false.” Either answer is more correct than NCOA’s preferred answer (“true”). There are no assets in the Medicare “trust fund.” Thus there is no date by which those non-assets will be exhausted. Indeed, the “trust fund” has absolutely no effect on Medicare’s solvency. The very premise of this question is a fraud. Someone needs to educate seniors about the Medicare trust fund, but NCOA is not the group to do it. “The health care reform law will cut Medicare payments to doctors.” A plurality of seniors responded “true” (45 percent), while only 14 percent of seniors gave NCOA’s preferred response (“false”). But again, perhaps seniors can be forgiven on this one (see above).

USA Today should have dug a little deeper.

More misinformation:

More than four in 10 people in the Kaiser poll wrongly believe the law included a government panel to make end-of-life decisions for Medicare patients.

Again, Obamacare does include a panel that would implicit rationing decisions, including for Medicare patients at the end of life (see above).

More misinformation still:

As the Department of Health and Human Services issues the regulations needed to implement the law, it’s trying to get the facts out through its website, healthcare.gov. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services is helping, most recently with a cable TV ad featuring Andy Griffith.

FactCheck.org found that Andy Griffith used “weasel words” to “mislead” seniors about Obamacare. How is USA Today not aware of that?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
721036,"Ron Kampeas, Gentleman

By Michael Rubin — December 4, 2008

The last couple days, Ron Kampeas and I have been debating an issue between The Corner and the JTA blog. I don’t know Ron personally and the debate is now over, but what has struck me through this is what a gentleman Ron is. At ThinkProgress, some authors at TNR’s The Plank, and NiacInsight, a few folks often name call rather than argue substance; utilizing labels to substitute for debate is always a clear sign that of a weak argument. Ron always stayed highbrow and for that, I salute him. It’s what Washington debate should be.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434537,"The seventh video from the Center for Medical Progress features testimony from Holly O’Donnell, a former procurement technician at StemExpress, a California company that — until recently — acquired (purchased?) aborted baby parts from Planned Parenthood. It’s horrifying. No, it’s beyond horrifying. It describes an act of infanticide that even America’s barbaric child-killing legal regime defines as murder.

Her story begins with seeing a baby who’s just been aborted — or at least she thinks it’s been aborted. Then, a colleague calls her over, and this happens:

“I want you to see something kinda cool. This is kinda neat.” [She says.] So I’m over here, and . . . the moment I see it, I’m just flabbergasted. This is the most gestated fetus and the closest thing to a baby I’ve seen. And she is, like, “Okay, I want to show you something.” So she has one of her instruments, and she just taps the heart, and it starts beating. And I’m sitting here, and I’m looking at this fetus, and its heart is beating, and I don’t know what to think. . . . She’s, like, “Do you know why that’s happening?” And I knew why that was happening. It’s because the electrical current — the nodes were still firing. And I don’t know if that constitutes . . . it’s technically dead, or it’s alive?

Federal law defines “born alive” as “the complete expulsion or extraction from his or her mother of that member, at any stage of development, who after such expulsion or extraction breathes or has a beating heart, pulsation of the umbilical cord, or definite movement of voluntary muscles, regardless of whether the umbilical cord has been cut, and regardless of whether the expulsion or extraction occurs as a result of natural or induced labor, cesarean section, or induced abortion.” So, yes, “technically” that child was alive. California law is also clear: “The rights to medical treatment of an infant prematurely born alive in the course of an abortion shall be the same as the rights of an infant of similar medical status prematurely born spontaneously.” But that’s not what happened. StemExpress wanted to “procure a brain,” so the baby had to die in gruesome fashion:

It had a face. It wasn’t completely torn up. It’s nose was very pronounced. It had eyelids. And its mouth was pronounced. And then since the fetus was so intact, she said, “Okay, this is a really good fetus, and it looks like we can procure a lot from it. We’re going to procure a brain. So . . . the moment I hear it . . . that means we’re going to have to cut its head open. We’re going to have to cut its head open. So, it’s, like, “Okay, so what you do is you go through the face.” I’m thinking, No I don’t want to do this. And she takes the scissors, and she makes a small incision right here [showing under her chin] and goes — I would say — to a little bit through the mouth. She’s, like, “Okay, can you go the rest of the way?” And I’m, like, [sighs] “Yes.” And I didn’t want to do this. And so she gave me the scissors and told me that I have to cut down the middle of the face. And I can’t even like describe like what that feels like.

Law enforcement should begin a murder investigation. Now. California Penal Code defines “murder” as the the “unlawful killing of a human being, or a fetus, with malice aforethought.” And while the Code contains an exception for an abortion in compliance with California’s Therapeutic Abortion Act, slicing open the face of a born alive infant isn’t an “abortion.”

More Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood Is Awarded the ‘American Nobel’ Oregon Governor Puts Taxpayers on the Hook for All Abortions Population Control, the Undying Dream of the Left state doesn’t need to prove fetal viability as an element of fetal murder — in other words, a person can be convicted of murdering a fetus even when that fetus probably can’t live outside the womb. But in this case we’re not dealing with a “fetus.” We’re dealing with a living baby, a “human being” under relevant law. Indeed, California Health and Safety Code calls him or her an “infant,” not a “fetus.” Moreover, what O’Donnell describes is no “mere” failure to render proper care — which would cause a baby to die from more or less natural causes — but rather the affirmative act of killing with scissors. That’s murder.

It’s a murder that should surprise exactly no one. The kind of moral monsters who would kill a partially delivered fetus are exactly the kinds of moral monsters who would wait a few minutes longer and kill a baby after delivery. After all, what’s the logical, rational, moral, or scientific difference between an intact child — with a beating heart — inside the womb and that same child — with a beating heart — moments later outside the womb? The only meaningful difference is legal, the product of our Supreme Court’s and our nation’s most shameful moral failure.

Get Free Exclusive NR Content

O’Donnell’s story continues with this last detail, a tiny act of humanity and a final act of brutality.

I remember holding that fetus in my hands when everyone else was busy and started crying and opened the lid and put it back [in the jar.] It’s really hard knowing you’re the only person who’s ever going to hold that baby.

Will California’s love for abortion — for the mass-scale slaughter of disproportionately minority babies — trump even its murder statutes? Will the Party of Death turn its back on evidence of a cold-blooded killing? I expect the pro-abortion Left to be true to its principles and rally to defend its favorite organization, the organization indispensable to its precious sexual revolution. After all, when you’re killing 327,000 babies per year, what difference does a few minutes make?

— David French is an attorney and a staff writer at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
593472,"Ladies and gentleman, your Secretary of State, Mr. John Kerry:

In the last days, obviously, that has been particularly put to the test. There’s something different about what happened from Charlie Hebdo, and I think everybody would feel that. There was a sort of particularized focus and perhaps even a legitimacy in terms of – not a legitimacy, but a rationale that you could attach yourself to somehow and say, okay, they’re really angry because of this and that. This Friday was absolutely indiscriminate. It wasn’t to aggrieve one particular sense of wrong. It was to terrorize people. It was to attack everything that we do stand for. That’s not an exaggeration. It was to assault all sense of nationhood and nation-state and rule of law and decency, dignity, and just put fear into the community and say, “Here we are.” And for what? What’s the platform? What’s the grievance? That we’re not who they are? They kill people because of who they are and they kill people because of what they believe. And it’s indiscriminate.

When I first saw the key line here — “there was a sort of particularized focus and perhaps even a legitimacy in terms of – not a legitimacy, but a rationale” — I thought that Kerry had likely been misquoted. Alas, he had not. In fact, his words are even worse in context.

There really is no way of reading these comments other than as a craven ranking of outrages. Forget Kerry’s brief flirtation with the word “legitimacy” and assume that he said “rationale” from the start. That changes precisely nothing. The top diplomat in the United States just publicly argued that because the victims at Charlie Hebdo had spoken risqué words but the victims at the Bataclan had not, the violence against the former was more comprehensible than the violence against the latter. Has he lost his mind?

Even if Kerry’s assumptions were all correct, the moral problem here would be obvious. We hear a great deal about “blaming the victim” in our domestic debates, especially as it relates to sexual assault. Does this not apply to other realms? In essence, the American Secretary of State just announced before the world that he could grasp why the woman in the short skirt was raped but that he had been left scratching his head by the attack on the woman in the pantsuit and the overcoat. “Sure,” he said, “I get why they knocked off the hate speakers, but why would they go after progressive kids at a concert? Now things are really serious.”

In and of itself, this assessment is abhorrent. But he also screwed up the facts. Implicit in Kerry’s reasoning is the assumption that the perpetrators of the attacks against Charlie Hebdo had a clear purpose whereas the perpetrators of last week’s abomination did not. Or, as he put it, that in one case the killers were “really angry because of this and that,” but that in the other they were not. But this isn’t true. In fact, both set of attackers gave reasons. With Charlie Hebdo, the killers’ purported motive was revenge against ”blasphemous” expression; in Paris last week, it was disgust at Paris’s reputation for “obscenity.” In consequence, there are only two choices here: Option 1) That John Kerry believes that killing people for speaking rudely is more understandable than killing them for being secular; or Option 2) That John Kerry doesn’t actually know what the most recent attackers used as their justification (and also doesn’t remember that at the same time as the Charlie Hebdo assassinations, associated gunmen targeted a market simply because its owners were Jews).

Despicable.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657498,"“Quickie” Elections under EFCA

By Peter Kirsanow — January 5, 2009

Jonah’s correspondent mentions one of the possible amendments to EFCA: the substitution of “quickie” elections for card check. The idea arises from the premise that dispensing with the secret ballot in union elections is enormously unpopular, making passage of EFCA as presently drafted difficult (difficult, but far from impossible). So, to preserve the secret ballot while still making it much easier for unions to organize, some have suggested the “quickie” election compromise. A ”quickie” election probably would be similar to an election under the NLRB’s proposed RJ petition, with one possible significant difference: advance notice to the employer. That is, under RJ, the union and the company would jointly petition the NLRB for an election on a certain date (within 28 days) and at an agreed time and place (post-election procedures are streamlined so that objections and unfair labor charges won’t impede swift certification of the union). Thus, the employer, theoretically, has agreed to the fundamentals of the election and has an opportunity, however abbreviated, to tell employees the company’s positions on the issues driving the election. A “quickie” election amendment probably wouldn’t give an employer even the limited heads-up provided under an RJ. The NLRB likely would direct the election a very short time (perhaps as few as 14 days) after the union files an election petition. This wouldn’t give the employer anywhere near the time necessary to counter the arguments the union has been making to employees for the several months it’s been organizing the workforce — usually without employer knowledge. (In 2007, the median time between the filing of an election petition and the conduct of an election was 39 days. Most employers will tell you that it’s difficult to communicate effectively even in that amount of time, particularly because unions have been campaigning among the employees for up to a year before they file their election petitions with the NLRB). A “quickie” election may be preferable to no election, but EFCA opponents shouldn’t declare victory if they succeed in forging the compromise. A secret ballot cast by an uninformed employee — or more accurately, an employee informed by only one side — isn’t something to celebrate. Combined with mandatory arbitration, the “quickie” amendment will create its own host of headaches.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704303,"Jonah Goldberg October 1, 2012, Issue @JonahNRO by

Or do they willfully slander Republicans?

‘It’s anchorman, not anchorlady — and that is a scientific fact!”

That’s Champ Kind talking, a prominent member of the award-winning Channel 4 news team in the film Anchorman. While I might “earn” a “partly true” from the fact-checkers if I were to say the film was based on a true story, the reality is it’s an absolutely ridiculous comedy that always makes me laugh. Set around a San Diego local-news show in the 1970s, Anchorman follows a male-chauvinist news team as it grapples with the turmoil that comes with admitting a female broadcaster into their midst.

But the plot’s not really relevant for our purposes here. What brings the film to mind is one of the comic devices deployed from beginning to end: Everyone takes himself completely seriously even as he says the most ludicrously unserious things. All of the characters, led by Will Ferrell as Ron Burgundy (the anchorman referenced in the title), have no idea they’re idiots and blowhards even as they boldly assert nakedly untrue or ridiculous things.

For instance, when the station manager explains that many of the affiliates have been “complaining about a lack of diversity on the news team,” the staff is flummoxed.

“What in the hell’s diversity?” Kind asks.

Ron Burgundy helpfully chimes in. “Well, I could be wrong, but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship that was used during the Civil War era.” His colleagues nod like professors in the faculty lounge informed of the latest findings.

Later, when the team is coming unglued at the prospect that their boys’ club will admit women, and Champ Kind is quoting the “scientific fact” that it is “anchorman, not anchorlady,” another colleague helpfully notes that bears have been known to be attracted to women at certain times of the month. “Bears can smell the menstruation.”

“Well, that’s just great,” Brian Fantana, the news team’s crack reporter, says to the station manager. “You hear that, Ed? Bears. Now you’re putting the whole station in jeopardy.”

Later in the film, when Burgundy is squiring Veronica Corningstone, his new female co-anchor, around San Diego, he drives her to the cliffs above town to show her the view. “Mmm. San Diego. Drink it in, it always goes down smooth. Discovered by the Germans in 1904. They named it ‘San Diego,’ which of course in German means ‘a whale’s vagina.’”

Corningstone responds, “No, there’s no way that’s correct.”

This time, Burgundy comes clean. “I’m sorry, I was trying to impress you. I don’t know what it means. I’ll be honest, I don’t think anyone knows what it means anymore. Scholars maintain that the translation was lost hundreds of years ago.”

“Doesn’t it mean ‘Saint Diego’?” asks Corningstone.

“No. No,” Burgundy confidently responds.

“No, that’s — that’s what it means. Really.”

“Well. Agree to disagree,” Burgundy replies in a rare moment of conciliation.

Why am I bringing all of this up?

Let me answer that question with a question: What’s the difference between Chris Matthews and Ron Burgundy? Answer: One is a pompous, self-absorbed, often-in-error-but-never-in-doubt blowhard impervious to facts and logic. The other has a really bushy mustache.

Ron Burgundy believed that “San Diego” was German for a whale’s lady parts; meanwhile, Matthews seems to believe that “Chicago” is English — or at least Republican English — for “den of panhandling negroes.” By now you’ve probably heard about the exchange on MSNBC between New York magazine’s John Heilemann and Matthews in which the two worked out the hidden code in Republican politics. “They keep saying ‘Chicago,’” Matthews said. “That’s another thing that sends that message — this guy’s helping the poor people in the bad neighborhoods, screwing us in the ’burbs.”

Heilemann nodded, adding, “There’s a lot of black people in Chicago.”

Indeed there are. Though it’s worth noting that the Windy City is still more white than black. Its mayor, Rahm Emanuel, who just happens to have been Obama’s chief of staff, isn’t particularly dark-skinned. Oh, and Barack Obama, the incumbent president, launched and built his entire political career in Chicago, a city synonymous with cutthroat machine politics for more than a century. And it’s where the Obama reelection headquarters are. Countless white reporters at the New York Times, NBC, NPR, the Washington Post, and elsewhere use the term “Chicago” as a shorthand for the Obama campaign. But when Republicans say “Chicago” (which few did at the Republican convention, by the way), there can be no doubt: It’s a stand-in for the N-word.

Never mind that the charge that Obama is a big-city liberal who wants to redistribute more wealth from the haves to the have-nots is actually true. I could recycle all of Obama’s quotes about fairness and spreading the wealth around. I could walk you through the food-stamp numbers under Obama and the increased progressivity he wants in the tax code. I could even present selections from The Audacity of Hope. But that’s the problem. That would be racist, too. Because the key factor in determining whether something is racist is whether it is inconvenient to Barack Obama.

When MSNBC got an advance copy of Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell’s convention speech, the network landed another scoop. “For four years,” McConnell planned to say, “Barack Obama has been running from the nation’s problems. He hasn’t been working to earn reelection. He has been working to earn a spot on the PGA Tour.” A fool might think this a not-exactly-veiled reference to the fact that Barack Obama plays a lot of golf, more than 100 rounds since he was elected. But MSNBC’s Lawrence O’Donnell is no fool.

Asked what he made of the line, O’Donnell confidently replied, “Well, we know exactly what he’s trying to do there. He’s trying to align . . . the lifestyle of Tiger Woods with Barack Obama.”

Martin Bashir asked O’Donnell whether he really believed that. Couldn’t McConnell just mean what he said?

O’Donnell went into full eye-roll mode. “Martin, there are many, many, many rhetorical choices you can make at any point in any speech to make whatever point you want to make.” According to O’Donnell, McConnell’s speechwriters chose the golf reference because “these people reach for every single possible racial double entendre they can find in every one of these speeches.”

Bashir, who for a moment gave the impression of neural activity, was convinced. “Wow,” he exclaimed. “Things are getting lower and lower by the day.”

When Robert Welch of the John Birch Society insisted that Dwight Eisenhower was a Communist, Russell Kirk famously retorted, “He’s not a Communist, he’s a golfer.” Thank goodness no one knew back then that Kirk was calling Ike a sexually promiscuous half-black man.

What O’Donnell says about Republican speechwriters strikes me as a near-perfect example of projection. It’s not that McConnell’s speechwriters are reaching for “every racial double entendre they can.” But O’Donnell, Matthews, et al. are. It’s a hallmark of the paranoid style. The Birchers, for instance, acted as though all it took to prove a Communist conspiracy was to mention one. Something analogous goes for the “dog whistlers” who hear coded messages in everything, even when the intended recipients don’t. (Indeed, it seems lost on so many of the experts that the Romney campaign’s whole strategy of trying to woo former Obama voters to their side is at odds with the racism thesis. After all, people who’ve already voted for a black guy probably aren’t all that racist in the first place.)

Not everyone in the press is so Ron Burgundyesque. Tom Edsall, one of the more esteemed members of the fourth estate, a former Washington Post reporter and now a professor at the Columbia School of Journalism, penned a long analysis for the New York Times blowing the lid off Romney’s race-baiting campaign. “The racial overtones of Romney’s welfare ads are relatively explicit,” he writes. The dictionary on my computer says “explicit” means “stated clearly and in detail, leaving no room for confusion or doubt.” Oddly, if you watch Romney’s welfare ads, there’s no mention of race in any way. Edsall must have a different dictionary. He then writes that the racial messaging in Romney’s Medicare ads is “a bit more subtle.” In those ads, Romney charges — accurately — that Obama raided Medicare to pay for Obamacare.

Aha! But Medicare recipients, Edsall notes, are “overwhelmingly white.” Which is true! The health-care entitlement for the elderly goes mostly to white people. You know why? Because the over-65 demographic is overwhelmingly white. And therefore what? Democrats have been demagoguing Medicare — “Mediscaring” — for nearly half a century. It’s only when Republicans turn the tables on them that the press suddenly discovers that defending Medicare is really a sop to geriatric white nationalists. Or something.

A more subtle — and traditional — effort to racialize the GOP at convention time is to note “the sea of white faces” watching the speeches from the floor. And while it’s true that the GOP delegates are awfully pale compared with Democratic convention-goers, it’s difficult to find an example of a reporter’s referring to the rigid racial-, ethnic-, and gender-quota system that goes a long way toward producing Democratic audiences that “look like America.” And whenever the Republicans gave prominent speaker slots to minority or female Republicans, the reflex was to discount their participation as so much window-dressing (on the first night of the Republican convention, MSNBC cut away to its resident race-baiters whenever a non-white was speaking). Shouldn’t those who claim to be concerned about the GOP’s attitude toward minorities celebrate such outreach? Why is (alleged) tokenism among Republican speakers so contemptible but tokenism among Democratic attendees so unremarkable?

In one of the most memorable scenes in Anchorman, Brian Fantana explains that his cologne is so effective with the ladies that “60 percent of the time, it works every time.” This seems to be the standard adhered to by another branch of the press corps: the fact-checkers. These self-appointed arbiters of all truth have become an invaluable resource for reporters and liberal columnists too weary to do their own research or make their own arguments. Instead, they simply cite a fact-checker’s conclusion as if it were dispositive. It’s a strange practice. If I were to write a column that said “Joe Shmoe says Barack Obama killed a man in Reno just to watch him die” and then proceeded to act as if that were all the proof required, it wouldn’t pass muster with anyone. But if Joe Shmoe had deputized himself with a construction-paper badge that said “fact-checker,” all of a sudden his opinion would be metaphysical truth.

Paul Ryan has been the most prominent victim of the fact-check schtick. A particularly odd form of madness overtook the so-called mainstream media the night Ryan gave his acceptance speech in Tampa. From the outside, it looked like the establishment political press was receiving Obama campaign tweets straight through their fillings: Ryan was a liar! “The verdict,” reported the Washington Post, “rendered by a slew of media fact checkers, was immediate and unequivocal: In his first major speech before the American people, the Republican vice presidential nominee repeatedly left out key facts, ignored context and was blind to his own hypocrisy.” Really? The fact-checkers diagnosed Ryan with blindness to his own hypocrisy? That’s a neat trick.

The only problem: Everything Ryan said was true. Nearly every charge of lying boiled down to Ryan’s not raising counterarguments favorable to Obama — a standard not normally applied to politicians, and certainly never considered the litmus test for truth-telling. Notoriously, Ryan noted that in 2008 Obama suggested that an auto plant in Ryan’s district that was scheduled for closure would stay open for 100 years if he was elected. The fact-checkers and Obama campaign surrogates immediately cried foul: The plant, they said, actually closed under Bush! But the AP ignored its own (accurate) reporting on the plant’s closing in 2009 in order to make its “fact check” as damning as possible. The second problem: Ryan’s point was not that Obama’s prediction was factually wrong, but that Obama over-promised. That’s what Obama does: Fish gotta swim, bird gotta fly, Obama needs to promise the moon. The fact-checkers opted to twist Ryan’s point into something he wasn’t saying, and then charged him with lying for saying it.

More recently, a Washington Post fact-checker waded into a debate over Barack Obama’s stance on abortion. After a long and convoluted discussion, the fact-checker conceded, reluctantly, that yes, Obama did oppose legislation that would protect babies who survived abortions. Obama has denied this and accused anyone who says otherwise of lying. But rather than give Obama a poor score, the fact-checker punted: “The evidence suggests we could have awarded Four Pinocchios [their worst score] to the former Illinois Senator for his comments . . . but that interview is several years old now, and it’s not the focus of this particular column.”

How convenient! The Post can’t even identify Obama by name as the politician deserving of the dreaded four scarlet “P”s. He’s merely the former Illinois senator who deserves to be called a liar about his support for infanticide — but we’re too sleepy to bother.

What makes media bias so infuriating is not its existence but the stubborn refusal of the guilty parties to admit it. It’s all part of the larger con of American liberalism, which sees itself as immune to ideology, on the side of facts and logic and all things “pragmatic.” The mainstream press simply won’t admit the obvious, reality-based truth: They are a de facto arm of American liberalism. To paraphrase Ron Burgundy, it’s not “the media,” it’s the liberal media — and that is a scientific fact.

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434792,"Let’s assume, for fun, that Donald Trump’s supporters are thinking with their brains, not their viscera. If so, they will want to know that the issue he has lassoed for self-aggrandizement has been utterly demagogued. Trump is playing them for chumps.

A young woman was murdered by an illegal alien in a so-called “sanctuary city.” Awful, of course. San Francisco’s officials bear some of the blame for Kate Steinle’s death by declining to enforce the law.

But Trump has abused the trust of his audiences by suggesting that an illegal-immigrant crime spree is the great threat to our nation. Trump admirers yearn to “take our country back.” From whom? From Barack Obama, Valerie Jarrett, Al Sharpton, the New York Times, Jon Stewart, and Hillary Clinton? Or from Mexican illegals?

The United States is very much in decline, but the role of illegal immigration in that slide is negligible. Our lack of economic growth, our withdrawal from world leadership, the decline of work and the rise of dependency on government, law flouting by those in power, the degradation of our entertainment culture, rent-seeking by entrenched interests, the stultifying politicization of education (especially higher education) — to say nothing of the nuclearization and enrichment of the world’s worst terror state — those are the great challenges we face.

RELATED: Donald Trump’s Fantasy of Mass Deportation Is Political Poison for the GOP

Obama’s flagrantly illegal waiver for illegals living here made everyone who values the rule of law see red. (The judiciary has thus far stayed the amnesty.) And yet, a little perspective is in order.

Illegal immigration is declining. Between 1990 and 2007, the number of illegal immigrants tripled. In 2000, an estimated 1.6 million illegals entered the United States. Since 2012, that number has dropped to about 400,000 (even accounting for the flood of underage migrants last year).

We’ve built fences along all but the most inaccessible areas along the border. Over the past decade we’ve spent $$10.7 billion on fences, cameras, and other measures, including doubling the number of border patrol agents to 18,000. We’ve also spent billions on biometric identity management and other things, bringing the total expenditure for border control to $$16.2 billion last year. Those truly serious about ending illegal immigration altogether must grapple with national identity cards. Another fence isn’t going to do it. Forty percent of illegals are visa overstays.

RELATED: Yes, Pander to Trump on Immigration

The population of illegals here is aging, which suggests that fewer young people are making the increasingly treacherous journey across the desert. Meanwhile, the dramatic drop in Mexico’s birth rate, from 7.3 children per woman in 1960 to 2.4 today, suggests a problem that is on the way to solving itself. Demographers say that when the birth rate falls below 2, emigration stops. Other Central and South American nations are experiencing similar drops.

As for the epidemic of crime for which illegal aliens are said to be responsible — it’s a myth.

As for the epidemic of crime for which illegal aliens are said to be responsible — it’s a myth. Crime rates have declined as immigration has increased. Much has been said about the percentage of federal prisoners who are illegals and/or Hispanic. But federal prisoners represent only about 14 percent of total U.S. inmates, and according the Bureau of Justice Statistics, only 7 percent of federal offenders are incarcerated for violent crimes (most violent crimes are state matters). As the Pew Research Center notes, the past two decades have seen a spike in the number of immigration-related crimes leading to federal prison sentences. These “unlawful reentry” convictions have changed the complexion of federal inmates. Whereas in 1992 Hispanics comprised 23 percent of federal inmates, that share has grown to 48 percent today.

Second- and third-generation Hispanics commit crimes at higher rates than non-Hispanic whites, but at lower rates than African Americans. As for the foreign-born, that is, first-generation immigrants, for the most part, they keep their noses clean. The American Immigration Council records that “among men age 18-39 (who comprise the vast majority of the prison population), the 3.5 percent incarceration rate of the native-born in 2000 was 5 times higher than the 0.7 percent incarceration rate of the foreign-born.”

Having stoked rage about illegal immigrants, Mr. Trump now urges that after deporting 11 or 12 million people, he will “let the good ones come back,” force Mexico to pay for a “wall,” and “impound remittances” from “illegal wages.” A candidate for student-council president of a third rate high school could devise more serious solutions than those. But then, student-council types tend to be in earnest. Trump is simply on the ultimate ego trip.

— Mona Charen is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. © 2015 Creators.com",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
105546,"When comedian Seth MacFarlane hosted the Academy Awards in 2013, he bit the hand that feeds him, getting under the skin of Hollywood liberals who had thought themselves broadminded until their own insincerity, duplicity, and feigned high standards became the object of ridicule. MacFarlane’s idea to hire the Los Angeles Gay Men’s Chorus to sing a song critiquing Hollywood’s heterosexual exploitation (“We Saw Your Boobs”) was incisive, double-edged mockery, using political correctness against itself and outdoing Mel Brooks’s “bad-taste” musical finale in Blazing Saddles. Neither Hollywood nor its sycophantic defenders could take it. MacFarlane was attacked by the media as if he had committed blasphemy.

They got his point. It would have been a triumph if MacFarlane, creator of the animated TV series Family Guy and American Dad, had answered his critics with equally bold and hilarious feature films. Instead, he has revealed wit’s-end humor in Ted, A Million Ways to Die in the West, and the new sequel, Ted 2, about a foul-mouthed, libidinous teddy bear. When the stuffed animal sues for personhood, MacFarlane ridicules the current mania for identity politics — a jape about Hollywood pandering.

Throughout Ted 2, MacFarlane’s attempt to conquer Hollywood by switching from animation to live action with special effects seems misjudged. It would have been preferable had he stuck with the cartoon fantasy of his television shows instead of asking for a strained suspension of disbelief. His cartoon illusions, where a dog, a baby, or an alien can communicate with people through sarcasm, sometimes makes stunning satire of what humans project onto inarticulate others. His barking dog, talking baby, and changeling alien are id figures — ideal for animation, which expresses our own unfiltered psyches.

But in Ted 2, the photographic realism of the teddy bear’s marriage to Boston floozie Tami-Lynn (Jessica Barth) and his best-bud friendship with dimwit John (Mark Wahlberg) lacks even the imaginative buoyancy of Pixar’s Inside Out. MacFarlane’s humor is essentially stand-up comedy with visual accompaniment. (MacFarlane himself voices Ted, using the same blowhard honk he used for Family Guy’s Peter Griffin.) Any expectation that Ted’s legalistic bid for human status (so he can adopt a child) will provide a coherent illustration of the foibles associated with social “progress” is dashed when MacFarlane reverts to an unbelievable, hellzapoppin narration. As one over-the-top skit follows another, MacFarlane loses his political point.

This is unfortunate, since MacFarlane, of all our present-day humorists, seems the one most capable of avoiding political piety. Ted’s lawyer, the pothead neophyte Samantha L. Jackson (Amanda Seyfried), invokes Dred Scott, Plessy v. Ferguson, and Brown v. Board of Education with a straight-faced conviction that parallels today’s reflex tendency to equate every social plaint with classic precedents — as if every young black male were Emmett Till, or, in MacFarlane’s farcical view, every young black male were a teddy bear.

Attorney Jackson’s bid for the sanctimoniousness that has changed the tenor of civil-rights arguments should have made for brilliant humor that subverted the abuse of historical paradigms. But MacFarlane and his co-writers, Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild, opt for slapdash, grab-bag, far-out antisocial jokes rather than following their ideas (such as fleeting discussion of the current buzzword “justice”) to a clarifying conclusion.

* * *

On TV, MacFarlane is a wizard of the blackout skit, cutting to crazily unexpected, sometimes wildly literal illustrations of a character’s throwaway gags. Here, after a joke about John’s porn habits, MacFarlane cuts to surreal scenes of John and Ted destroying his laptop. The dirty jokes and the marijuana, courtroom, chase-scene, celebrity, and gay jokes get in the way of political humor. In a sense, this demonstrates the problem with current political comedy.

Not just a satirist, MacFarlane subverts cultural niceties, which ought to make him an ideal political comedian — one who insults both sides of the aisle. But his basic intent is to assault “decency,” thereby subverting all the pretense and hypocrisies that political opponents use against each other. Ted 2 takes the twisted humor of Mad and Cracked magazines to a sometimes malign place. As court jester to a generation for whom the word “sick” is high praise, MacFarlane, with his game-changing invective, even forced The Simpsons to become more caustic and sacrilegious.

Unlike those post–National Lampoon clowns from Saturday Night Live to Comedy Central, whose sense of bourgeois privilege finds safety and acclaim in predictable political bias, MacFarlane inspires hope for a rhetorical balancing act that David Letterman, Lewis Black, Jon Stewart, and Conan O’Brien all fail to achieve as they twist political humor into partisan diatribe. Yet, Ted 2’s stream-of-consciousness storyline doesn’t sustain the film’s satire consistently enough to make MacFarlane’s pandemonium matter.

MacFarlane has developed an irreverent audience that may not realize the uselessness of simply having its buttons pushed, and Ted 2’s comfy-cozy protagonist (a teddy bear who makes anarchy seem cute) may be guilty of appealing to that audience’s lack of conscientiousness. Ted 2 is fuzzy, like a TED talk that encourages morally lazy reliance on shock humor. Consider the cutaway when Ted and John say they like to get high and “throw apples at joggers”; the absurdity and sadism typify MacFarlane’s manic slapstick.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
694763,"Conservatism’s Big Test

Sometimes going national is the answer.

By Michael J. Petrilli — October 4, 2006

In the past few weeks, conservative luminaries including Bill Bennett, Tommy Thompson, and Rod Paige have publicly endorsed national testing for K-12 education, giving some libertarians a fit. Consider Cato’s Neal McCluskey, for instance, who not only attacked national standards in his recent National Review Online piece but went after the entire education-reform strategy that rests on standards and testing.

Here’s his argument in a nutshell: National standards — or government-imposed education standards of any sort at any level — are doomed to mediocrity or worse. His alternative? “School choice — giving parents the ability to take education money to schools that work, and away from those that don’t — is the only hope.”

Is McCluskey right that conservatives must choose between standards-based reform and market-based reform? Of course not. Holding schools accountable for results and giving parents multiple options among diverse schools has been a longtime winning combination for conservatives.

More importantly, this is a winning combination for our nation’s students precisely because the two strategies complement one another. As Fordham Foundation president Chester Finn points out, each offers a viable solution to the other’s fatal flaw. Standards-based reform is pretty good at identifying schools in need of improvement but is awful at doing anything to fix them. (See here and consider what’s happening — or not happening — to failing schools under No Child Left Behind.) School choice provides an answer: give children trapped in these schools other options and support supply-side innovations like charter schools to make sure there is a decent elsewhere.

But school choice has a blind side, too. In order for any market to work effectively, consumers need good information. In K-12 education, that means data about how much students learn in a given school, i.e. how effective the school is at educating them. Many schools — including elite private schools — would like their clients to settle for slick marketing claims about all their Ivy League alumni/ae. But parents have no way of knowing whether those “results” come from great instruction in the classroom or selective screening during admissions. If we want to know whether schools actually “add value” to their students, we need rigorous tests tied to meaningful academic standards, plus a sophisticated “value added” analysis system — the whole standards-based reform kit-and-caboodle.

Unfortunately, most states have botched standards-based reform by setting the bar too low. The problem is aggravated by No Child Left Behind, which demands that all students reach “proficiency” by 2014 but lets states define “proficiency” to their low levels. Hence, NCLB has created a race to the bottom. States face strong incentives to game their own standards — ensuring they’re “sub” standard. We see plenty of evidence of this, as states continue to post big gains on their own tests while their students tread water on the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP).

So conservatives face a dilemma. Parents need the information yielded by standards and tests for the education marketplace to function efficiently. But most states have proven unable to develop these tools and current federal policy is pushing them in the wrong direction. So what to do? Far from McCluskey’s counsel of defeat, national standards and tests are the best option. By creating a national marketplace of school-performance information, such a system would empower education consumers to make good choices — and help to put bad schools out of business.

Of course, getting national standards and tests right is no small feat. But McCluskey is wrong to insist that it cannot be done. After all, California, Massachusetts, and Indiana managed to develop excellent standards over the past decade. If it can happen in Sacramento or Boston, it could happen in Washington, D.C., too.

Not that Uncle Sam has to take the lead. In the Fordham Foundation’s recent report on national testing, Diane Ravitch — whose work on textbook adoption McCluskey clumsily conflates with her views on standards — argues that “it is possible… to have national standards that are not run by the federal government.”

For instance, the American Diploma Project — a private-sector, foundation-supported initiative that already enlists half the nation’s governors — could develop the standards and tests. (It’s now helping nine states create a common algebra assessment.) Or the National Assessment Governing Board — currently in charge of NAEP — could be tasked with the job. No doubt there are other possibilities.

But perhaps the strongest conservative case for national standards and tests is that such a policy could actually lead to less micromanaging from Washington. McCluskey is skeptical, calling such an argument “paradoxical.” Hogwash. All successful modern organizations use a “tight-loose” management model: be tight about the results you want and loose about how your production units achieve them. National standards and tests could allow the federal role in education to make this historic shift — from regulating inputs, processes, and regulations to a laser-like concern with learning.

Libertarians might not go for such a grand bargain — especially if they want to “pull government out of education” entirely — but right-thinking education reformers should consider it. If we want to make good on the core conservative ideas of expanding parental choice and shrinking the federal role in education, it might be our last best hope.

– Michael J. Petrilli is a vice president at the Thomas B. Fordham Foundation and a research fellow at Stanford’s Hoover Institution.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
900172,"The ‘Isolationist’ Smear

By David Harsanyi — December 18, 2015

After the latest Republican presidential debate, the Washington Post’s Jennifer Rubin argued that Ted Cruz had undone himself “courting” the “​Trumpkin base,” sinking “further into the far-right brew of isolationism and xenophobia.” And to prove this contention, Rubin grabbed hold of two words Cruz used, “​America”​ and “​first,”​ to claim that the senator from Texas was signaling support for 1930s/’​40s-style isolationism.

This is a pretty popular accusation on the hawkish Right. Marco Rubio has also called Cruz an isolationist. Having watched the debate, though, as Donald Trump might complain, I think it is unfair. What I heard was not a case for isolationism but one against Middle Eastern democracy building — a project that’s been a persistent and bloody failure, one that’s sidetracked foreign policy from its “first” task, which is defeating the enemy.

RELATED: Many GOP Foreign-Policy Leaders Are Suspicious of Ted Cruz

You can certainly disagree with my assessment, but I’m relatively sure that merely holding a skeptical view of entanglements in the Middle East doesn’t make anyone a potential America First Committee recruit. Yet here’s the American Enterprise Institute’s Danielle Pletka quoted in Rubin’s piece: “Good for Ted Cruz for being honest. He doesn’t want to be anywhere in the world, doesn’t want America to lead, and harkening back to the likes of Pat Buchanan and Charles Lindbergh is truth in advertising for him.”

Whether or not Cruz was dog whistling at Trump fans — and obviously, he’s trying to lure them — nothing he proposed at the debate comports with Pletka’s observation. Not even close. For one thing, Buchanan opposed the Gulf War, whereas Cruz proposes it as the ideal display of American military power. When a CNN moderator queried Cruz about his earlier desire to want to “carpet-bomb” the Islamic State (and what isolationist doesn’t support massive, indiscriminate bombing of foreign lands, right?), he answered that he is interested in “using overwhelming air power to utterly and completely destroy” ISIS.

RELATED: Rubio vs. Cruz: The Fight for Conservatism

I’m skeptical that saturation-bombing would solve the Islamic State problem or make the Syrian situation more agreeable in the long run. But I leave any policy certitude on the topic of beating the Islamic State or fixing Syria to think-tankers, completely unqualified explainer types, and pundits far smarter than I. What I do know is that “isolationist,” much like “​neocon,” is quickly becoming a meaningless label, used not only to describe those who reflexively oppose American intervention but also to smear anyone who is unconvinced that trying to engineer democracies in Islamic societies through military power is a good idea.

This isolationist canard is part of a broader set of false choices that dominate foreign policy debates on the right these days. During the CNN debate, for instance, Wolf Blitzer asked Cruz, “So would it be your policy to preserve dictatorships rather than promoting democracy in the Middle East?”

The choice is almost never between democracy and preserving dictators; rather, it’s either living with the ugly realities of the world or trying to change them and possibly creating new and uglier ones. Earlier this month, Cruz gave a speech at the Heritage Foundation, fleshing out his outlook by reviving Jeane Kirkpatrick’s “Dictatorships and Double Standards,” which argued that disposing of autocrats in an effort to push democracy and protect human rights has not always worked in America’s best interests.

RELATED: Ted Cruz’s Protectionist Gamble

Whether Cruz embraces these ideas for political expediency, we can’t know. He is, like almost every Republican, trying to claim Ronald Reagan’s national-security legacy for himself. (The conservative icon was mentioned four times by candidates at the CNN debate, and three of those instances were by Cruz.) AEI’s Gary Schmitt, unimpressed by this kind of talk, wrote a piece last week, which Newsweek titled “Ted Cruz Is Wrong About Cozying Up to Dictators.” Schmitt pointed out that “when push came to shove, (Reagan) pressed strongmen in both South Korea and the Philippines to stand aside in favor of a turn to democratic rule.”

This is true. The United States may have a moral duty to make the case for freedom and avoid “​cozying up” to theocratic regimes, such as the one in Iran, that threaten their democratic neighbors, fund terror, and spread illiberalism. But if dictators could simply be asked (or even compelled through force) to stand aside and we knew liberalism would flourish, Americans would be having a very different debate.

But Iraq is not 1945 Germany. Syria is not Japan. Libya is not South Korea. Asking the theocratic thugs in Saudi Arabia or the strongmen in Egypt and Pakistan to “stand aside” for democracy would almost certainly manifest in anarchy, widespread violence, and more radicalism. If we trust Pew Research Center’s study of the Muslim world — and everything recent history has shown us — it’s clear that most Islamic-majority nations would be unlikely to embrace anything resembling Western democracy. Meanwhile, the process of democracy allows factional, religious, and ethnic quarrels, always percolating, to reignite. The Arab Spring spurred more terrorism than it did liberalism for a reason.

Cruz is no libertarian; that’s for certain. It’s more reasonable to think of Cruz’s position on American power — as one of his critics, Michael Gerson, put it in the Washington Post — as an “uncomfortable straddle” of both sides of the conservative foreign-policy argument. This straddling means that Cruz’s positions — whatever you make of them — will be less crisp than Marco Rubio’s. What it does not mean is that Ted Cruz is the new Charles Lindbergh.

— David Harsanyi is a senior editor at The Federalist and the author of The People Have Spoken (and They Are Wrong): The Case Against Democracy. Follow him on Twitter @davidharsanyi. © 2015 Creators.com",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720177,"Who’s Isn’t for Sale?

By David Pryce-Jones — October 17, 2008

What part does bribery play in politics? The buying and selling of opinions and decisions is almost entirely invisible, and the glimpses we obtain into this murkiness are usually not to be trusted. But it happens. When I was writing about the German occupation of France in the world war, a collaborating editor from that time explained to me how the Germans had secretly subsidised the French press. In France, he said, free speech was always for sale. The Soviets were to pay similar subsidies in the Cold War. Oleg Gordievsky, the KGB defector, revealed for instance that Moscow had given money to the left-wing paper Tribune, (which has just closed after a long and misguided ideological run). An excellent French investigative journalist, Jean Montaldo, one day came across heaps of bank documents that were being discarded in Paris, showing the secret payments that Moscow was making to all sorts of Frenchmen whose Communist affiliations were otherwise unknown. A former member of MI6, the British intelligence service, once told me how his wartime job had been to suborn the government of an important country to keep it from joining the German Axis — I had better not say which country. In detail, he described transporting boxes of gold sovereigns packed in straw, and how he had handed them out. By the end of the war, he said, he had every single member of that government on the take.

A persistent rumour from the world war is that Winston Churchill was bribing the Spanish to stay out and not become allies of Nazi Germany. It makes sense. Had General Franco, the Spanish dictator, allowed the German army into the country, and then to capture Gibraltar, the British could have been shut out of the Mediterranean, losing Egypt and the oil coming through the Suez Canal, and might well have lost the war. In October 1940 Hitler met Franco at Hendaye on the frontier with France in order to pursue this strategy. Franco haggled, and Hitler afterwards said he would rather have teeth pulled out than go through that negotiation again. All Franco would eventually allow was landing rights to Axis aircraft, access to ports for submarines, and spying look-outs near Gibraltar. Most oddly, in the middle of the war Churchill caused a rumpus by telling parliament that Franco was “a gallant Christian gentleman.”

In 2005 the British writer Richard Bassett published a life of Admiral Canaris, Hitler’s spy master, saying that Churchill was paying Franco. Now Pere Ferrer, a Spanish historian, goes further in a biography of a shady Spanish buccaneer by the name of Juan March. It seems that a British officer called Alan Hillgarth advised Churchill that the Spanish generals were so poorly paid that they could be bribed. Among the evidence is a letter from a U.S. agent, Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Solberg, to his boss Wild Bill Donovan then in charge of a proto-CIA intelligence outfit, telling him that March had been chosen as the conduit for payment. Ten million dollars were paid into a New York bank, and as many as 30 Spanish generals were approached and received up to half that sum. Just to add to the confusion, Ferrer thinks that March may also have been in the pay of the Germans.

The facts may have been invented to fit the conspiracy, of course, or the conspiracy invented to fit the facts.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704526,"A few weeks ago, Bill Buckley wrote a column about John Kerry’s proposed campaign theme, “Let America Be America Again.” He warned Kerry that the author of those words—poet Langston Hughes—had praised Stalin, and would thus not be helpful to the Democrats’ campaign. Well, I just got an e-mail from the publicist at Random House—and guess who has just written a preface to a new book of Langston Hughes’s poems? Our friend John Kerry! It seems the left-wing cachet of Langston Hughes among Kerry’s supporters outweighs, for candidate Kerry, the losses he will sustain among moderate and conservative voters. The conventional wisdom—which I unapologetically endorse—is that Democrats can only win nationwide if they convince voters they won’t go back to their pre-New Democrat big-taxing socialist reflexes. This development—along with Hillary’s recent comment about taxes needing to be raised for the public good—indicates to me that leading Democrats are rejecting that conventional wisdom, and bearing left. Just a couple more steps in this direction, and they will find themselves on the wrong side of a Goldwater/McGovern-level blowout.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
654158,"For several decades, women have been more likely to vote for Democrats than men. A voter’s sex is not particularly predictive of a vote: Race, religion, and marital status matter more. But a gender gap exists across many subgroups. A majority of married women voted for Mitt Romney in 2012, but an even larger majority of married men did.

Romney had an eight-point gender gap overall, winning 52 percent of men and 44 percent of women. (People measure the gap in different ways; I’m using the difference between the percentage of men and the percentage of women who vote for the Republican candidate.) That’s roughly the same as the 7-point gender gap in 2004, when George W. Bush won with 55 percent of men and 48 percent of women. In general, I’ve argued, Republicans don’t win elections by shrinking the gender gap but by raising their support among both sexes.

I am skeptical, then, when a Republican candidate is said to be bad general election news because he is “weak among women”: Usually that just means the candidate is weak, period, with the standard-for-Republicans added weakness among women. Or when a Republican candidate is advised to do X, Y, or Z to build support among women: Usually if it’s worth doing, it builds his support among both sexes. Or when a Republican primary candidate is touted because, as a woman, she will shrink the gender gap: It usually doesn’t happen. (Joni Ernst ran a strong campaign for Senate from Iowa in 2014, and won–with a nine-point gender gap, in the same ballpark as the Bush/Romney gaps.)

Now let’s look at Donald Trump’s polling. Gallup got a lot of attention for reporting that “Seven in 10 Women Have Unfavorable Opinion of Trump,” but it also found that 58 percent of men have an unfavorable opinion of him. That 12-point gap is on the high side of the normal range. Several of the 2014 Senate races saw larger gender gaps than that. (Complicating comparisons, the gap appears to be growing.) Gallup’s numbers don’t suggest that he has a particular problem with women as much as that he is a weak candidate.

Several of the recent polls testing Trump against Hillary Clinton (which my AEI colleague Heather Sims compiled for me) also show gender gaps in this normal range. The Suffolk-USA Today poll has a gender gap of 11. The Economist/YouGov poll has one of 14. He’s losing in both of the polls, but it’s the usual pattern for a losing Republican candidate: He’s just not popular enough across the board.

A few of the polls, though, suggest that Trump really does have a bigger gender gap than most Republicans. Fox News showed him with an 18-point gender gap, and the CBS/New York Times poll had a 19-point one. Trump’s gaps were somewhat larger than those of Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich in these polls. Trump loses in these polls, too.

All in all, recent polls strongly suggest that Trump is a weak general-election candidate. They may also suggest that something about him–something that sets him apart from Republicans in general–repels women more than men.

(disclosure)",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719283,"A Real War on Women

By David Pryce-Jones — September 22, 2012

In Islam, believers are superior to infidels, masters to slaves, and men to women. All these relationships are so fixed by the faith and the customs of Muslims that reform to bring in equality is the tallest of orders. The very idea that women are the equal of men touches masculine vanity, sexuality, opportunity for conquest, financial exploitation, the shape of the family – all issues that have the utmost social resonance. Muslim men are never going voluntarily to let go of their advantaged position. When it comes to gaining equality in the Middle East women are on their own, and they are taking the law into their hands.

A video is circulating showing a scene in a supermarket in Saudi Arabia. A lady who seems both young and elegant is surrounded by several members of the Saudi morality police known as the Mutawwa who go around enforcing the observance of prayer time and more particularly insisting that women are behaving and dressing as they are ordered to do – the fantasy of sexual domination is unmistakable, and I wish Dr Freud was here to spell it out. The mutawwa have just told this woman that her head-scarf is tied to show too much of her hair. Furious, she starts screaming at them, making such a scene that they beat a retreat.

Last week in Iran, Hojatoleslam (meaning he’s a rank below an ayatollah) accosted two women in a street in Shahmirzad and ordered them to cover up. “Cover your eyes,” they said, and set about beating him up. They pushed him to the ground, and kicked him so hard that he had to go to hospital. Like the Saudi mutawwa, the Basij is a fascist militia that does much of the regime’s dirty work and the London Times further relates how in Tehran two of its members reprimanded a woman for listening to music in her car. Bystanders then beat up this miserable pair of sneaks. One of them revealed that the women had found blows to be good, but humiliation better: “while I was unconscious they even removed my underwear.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702203,"I like what I’m seeing right now. I’m with Ramesh, Jay Cost (“On paper, it would be hard to come up with a GOP field that looks as electable as this one does”), and, just this morning, George Will, in thinking the GOP presidential field, like Twain’s remark about Wagner’s music, is better than it sounds.

Last month I went back and compared Obama’s approval ratings to Jimmy Carter’s at comparable periods of their term, and at this point in 1979, Carter was just starting his political nosedive, chiefly because of rising inflation and gas lines. Up to this point in 1979, Carter looked like a fairly strong bet for reelection, in part because the likely Republican field looked fairly weak. Reagan? Old, extreme, and implausible. Howard Baker? Voted for the Panama Canal Treaty, the equivalent of crossing the Tea Party today. George H.W. Bush? An Eastern Establishment Rockefeller Republican. Jack Kemp? He was the Paul Ryan of his day, except in the end he would end up a non-candidate.

A year and a half out, all candidates look weak, flawed, or unacceptable to some degree. While Jay Carney points out some problems with Tim Pawlenty’s record, try this thought experiment: What would we say about the prospects of a two-term governor of a blue state, who raised taxes massively his first year in office, signed a bill liberalizing abortion laws, supported the Equal Rights Amendment, signed two sweeping environmental statutes creating huge new bureaucracies, and sharply increased benefits for welfare recipients? A totally unacceptable RINO, correct?

That would be Governor Ronald Reagan, who changed his mind about abortion and the Equal Rights Amendment (as did many Republicans), and learned from having to raise taxes that the usual bulwarks against a ever-growing state are insufficient (hence Proposition 1). Similarly, Pawlenty and others might deserve some slack for being friendly once to cap-and-trade before the full horror of how the idea would work in practice (the Waxman-Markey bill) became apparent. It was the recognition of how the Equal Rights Amendment would go wrong that changed Reagan’s mind along with most other conservatives. Rather than lament that each person in the field falls short on one Tea Party measure or another, conservatives should reflect on how much the entire field has been drawn in a much more conservative direction. (By the way, shouldn’t we be serving “DeMint Juleps” at Tea Party rallies? I’m working on a recipe that includes Southern Comfort, tonic, vinegar, and several twists of lemon and lime.)

To be sure, Obama managed to kill Osama bin Laden, while Carter couldn’t even bring himself to kill a rabbit, let alone get six working helicopters to Tehran. Still, the scene looks much better for Republicans than it did in 1996 or 2008.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657666,"Editor’s note: Christianity has been taking a beating for years now, with one tony atheist tome after another rolling off the presses — and still no end in sight.

And so far — with the exception of a Michael Novak here and a Dinesh D’Souza there — believers have largely turned the other cheek.

Now, finally, comes more payback — with THE LOSER LETTERS, a Screwtape for our screwed-up time.

In the latest round over God, Mary Eberstadt hits control-alt-delete on National Review Online . . .

Dear Friends Messrs. Dawkins, Dennett, Harris, Hitchens, Onfray, Stenger & etc. again,

As I explained in my first Letter, I really do believe that one of the most important contributions I can make as a newly converted atheist is to let You know what is and isn’t working for our Side when it comes to winning the so-called hearts and minds of the rest of our Species. In some areas, as I observed about sex (!), it’s definitely better for us Brights just to change the subject and not to compete with the believers at all.

It’s like they keep telling me in here, some things are just bigger than you are, and there’s no point in even trying to pretend you’re in control. The same goes for Us atheists, too! Sometimes, You just have to cut your losses and hit control-alt-delete.

One big case in point is “good works,” or the question of who is more likely to be on good behavior with the lesser members of the Species, Us or the believers. And here, as a matter of general strategy, I cannot stress enough something that some of You are just refusing to get: We Atheists are much better off emphasizing what the other Side has done wrong than anything we Brights have done right.

After all, 2,000 years of Christianity have given us plenty of ammunition to train on our adversaries without Our having to fight loser battles in the field. I mean, appreciate our resources here! Here’s just some of what can throw in the Catholics’ faces alone: any number of popes, a way higher number of bishops, much of the faculty and administration at both Georgetown and Notre Dame, and — thanks to the latest round of priest-boy sex scandals — even whole orders and seminaries (You know the ones I mean) striving day and night to undermine the Church! There are all kinds of corrupt clergy who are doing more to give the Loser a bad name, just by the atrocity of their examples, than anything we atheists could possibly dream up or execute Ourselves. Not to mention all those influential lay websites and public figures who dish out awesome piles of Catholicism Lite. You know — the ones whose Catholicism amounts to cherry-picking what they like about the Loser’s books and leaving out all the parts they don’t! Seriously, how could We possibly confuse matters among the papists any more than they already have themselves?

And if the Catholic Church has been the cake, some of the Protestants have been perfect frosting. Jimmy Swaggart, Jim Bakker, John Hagee, Jeremiah Wright — have a little appreciation for how much preachers like these help Us out! Just think how much harder it was for our Side back in the beginning, when their stupid books were fresher in the Dull’s cerebral cortexes and the Christians were actually being all pious and suffering in the Coliseum and planting their butts more firmly on the quote moral high ground! Ditto, how about another little “thank you!” to those renegades like Warren Jeffs, who pop up alongside their 20 wives and 50 kids regular as desert clockwork, leaving us atheists to hoot and holler profitably about our biggest asset, “religious hypocrisy.” Talk about getting manna from Somewhere!

Add to those any number of historical fiascos whether real or exaggerated, and You’ll see that we atheists can undermine lots of believers, simply by emphasizing how badly a few of them have behaved — and again, we don’t need to get too far off the historical reservation to do it.

And if all else fails, just repeat after me like You’re Freddy Mercury or something: Galileo! Galileo! Galileo!

But we Brights don’t need to, and in fact shouldn’t ever, take the unnecessary further step of crediting our own Side with good behavior. In fact, if I could have offered our new Movement one single bit of advice on this, it would have been: Don’t even go there.

But would any of You have listened? Ahem? Unfortunately, just about Nobody has grasped the point.

Here is Mr. Daniel Dennett, for example, waaaaaay out on the very limb I’m warning about: “There is no reason at all why a disbelief in the immateriality or immortality of the soul should make a person less caring, less moral, less committed to the well-being of everybody on Earth than somebody who believes in ‘the spirit’” (italics are His). And Mr. Sam Harris, same: “The fact that faith has motivated many people to do good things does not suggest that faith is itself a necessary (or even a good) motivation for goodness.” Everybody, and not just You guys but others in the history of our Movement, seems to agree about this: the believers must not be allowed to claim that religion at its best makes people behave well — or even better than they would behave without it.

Now if You all just think for a minute, You’ll know as well as I do why this is so damaging for Us: because the actual evidence for claiming that atheism will do as much good in the world as Christianity and other religions is embarrassingly against us. As in, way.

I’m not even talking here about the tired charges made by the Other Side about what happens when atheists actually run the world — mass murder, genocide, concentration camps, and the rest of the 20th-century record. Of course plenty of people do want to rub Our noses in History, the twerps. Papal point man Michael Novak appears to have been running especially annoying defense lately. I mean, that crack of his last year about how Mr. Sam Harris tries to “explain away the horrors of the self-declared atheist regimes in modern history: Fascist in Italy, Nazi in Germany, and Communist in the Soviet Union”: Ouch! That one had to hurt, even if it was totally off the wall in any historic sense. As if any one of those governments could top the Inquisition in a body count! Right?

Equally annoying are the people who argue that the record doesn’t support Your claim that Nazis and Communists and whatnot were really somehow religious underneath — You know, as if Paula on American Idol is secretly a fat bald Male teetotaler whose skin is Naturally almost as tight as Hillary Clinton’s. If You ask me, that mathematician and non-believer David Berlinski gives the “secretly-religious” theory a real smack in his treacherous new attack on Us, The Devil’s Delusion:

What Hitler did not believe and what Stalin did not believe and what Mao did not believe and what the SS did not believe and what the Gestapo did not believe and what the NKVD did not believe and what the commissars, functionaries, swaggering executioners, Nazi doctors, Communist Party theoreticians, intellectuals, Brown Shirts, Black Shirts, gauleiters, and a thousand party hacks did not believe was that God was watching what they were doing.

In one sentence, too! What a pain Berlinski is. He might as well be working under the table for the Loser. I wouldn’t be surprised. (Idea: The next time You Guys want to burn something, let’s start with his book!)

Now, I know how those trumped-up accusations about Atheist murder and genocide and whatever annoy Everybody — me, too! — so I’m not going to dwell on this any further. I’m worried instead about something related that hasn’t gotten the same attention as the little “excesses” of our recent History, but could be just as harmful to our Side if the Dulls started looking at it. It’s the Fact that the religious people in the West, generally speaking, take better care of the sick and weak than do secularists and atheists, and they know it.

Hospitals, soup kitchens, social services, charitable networks; missions, prison ministries, orphanages, clinics, and all those other institutions embodying the distasteful fixation of the believers on the Weak — now how can we atheists possibly compete with all that? The Catholics: 615 hospitals, 1,600 local agencies under Catholic Charities, over 7,500 schools and 221 colleges and universities; lay organizations like the Knights of Columbus, Black and Indian Missions, Society of Vincent St. Paul, and several hundred more engaged in charitable activity — all just in America. And that’s not to say the papists are the only ones who have it going on. So do the Jews, the Muslims, and the Protestants. Look at the evangelicals with their nonstop loser outreaches of all kinds and their foreign missions too — to which they shovel some $$2.5 billion a year.

Then there are the Mormons, and I would most definitely not want us atheists messing with the LDS in any kind of goody-off contest. What’s the number one American city for charitable giving? Salt Lake City. Where are four of the ten American counties where charitable giving is highest? Right next to Salt Lake City. Oh, but you say, that’s all for the Church of Latter-Day Saints, hence suspect. Yet according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the state where volunteering — i.e. coaching, collecting food, etc. — is highest is also: Utah.

One of the worst things that’s happened lately for all those claims of Yours that believers and nonbelievers are morally equivalent in their behavior toward others in the Species is another horrible new book. This one’s by econo-brain Arthur C. Brooks and is called Who Really Cares: America’s Charity Divide: Who Gives, Who Doesn’t, and Why it Matters. Geeking over what he calls “the fruit of years of analysis on the best national and international datasets available on charity, lots of computational horsepower, and the past work of dozens of scholars who have looked at various bits and pieces of the charity puzzle,” numbers nerd Brooks shows beyond a doubt one fact that our Side should not want out — i.e., that American believers are more “generous” in every sense than the enlightened likes of Us.

Brooks says that religious people give more to charity than non-religious people — in fact, much more: “an enormous charity gap,” he reports, “remains between religious and secular people.”

To see this, imagine two women who are both forty-five years old, white, married, have an annual household income of $$50,000, and attended about a year of college. The only difference between them is that one goes to church every week, but the other never does. The churchgoing woman will be 21 percentage points more likely to make a charitable gift of money during the year than the non-churchgoer, and she will also be 26 points more likely to volunteer. Furthermore, she will tend to give $$1,383 more per year to charity, and to volunteer on 6.4 more occasions.

Brooks goes on to test the charity gap up, down, and sideways. The results are always the same: “People who pray every day (whether or not they go to church) are 30 percentage points more likely to give money to charity than people who never pray (83 to 53 percent). And people saying they devote a ‘great deal of effort’ to their spiritual lives are 42 points more likely to give than those devoting ‘no effort’ (88 to 46 percent). Even a belief in beliefs themselves is associated with charity. People who say that ‘beliefs don’t matter as long as you’re a good person’ are dramatically less likely to give charitably (69 to 86 percent) and to volunteer (32 to 51 percent) than people who think that beliefs do matter.”

In fact, it’s not even all dollars and cents. Brooks also reports that religious people volunteer more than seculars — and even give more Species blood!

Now leaving that nasty little bit of Empiricism aside, there’s an even bigger problem for Us in this talk of good works. It’s that the Dulls don’t only do this charitable stuff because their stupid backward books tell them to; they also think that helping the weak is good thing to do just in and of itself. And as long as they persist in believing such an Unnatural thing, it will be hard for us atheists to bring them in by promising that the unbelievers do better at this game. They’re stupid: yes. But not that stupid.

As a Dull child, for example, I personally knew a Catholic priest who left a comfortable suburban parish to start up a mission — in a part of the country of Togo so crappy that it makes Calcutta look like something out of How to Marry a Millionaire. Just the pictures of his well-digging, barefooted, pretty needy-looking African clients probably kept me in the believers’ ranks longer than anything else. I don’t know even know why, mind You! After all, I was not Genetically Related to these people closely at all, so the continuance of their DNA was neither here nor there for me. But something about that priest’s risky involvement with them got under my skin, and it also seemed somehow to reflect well on the religion in whose name he did these things.

That’s the psychological effect of this kind of selfless behavior by others on your average believer. It’s like an addiction with them. I appreciate that Mr. Hitchens at least tried to address this problem with his har-dee-har-har attempted takedown of Mother Teresa. But it failed totally. Even most of Our allies in the secular media (and they are legion as You know!) were embarrassed by it. What’s the point of arguing that You shouldn’t do good things with bad money which seems to be Mr. Hitchens’s only coherent point? What are You supposed to do with bad money – bad things only? Do You know how lame this kind of ‘Pick me! Pick MEEEEEE!’ Variation of atheist journalism looks to everyone else?

For another example, consider how things look if we compare, say, Western Europe (which thankfully is largely post-Christian now) with the U.S. (still occupied outside the major cities by Dulls). Do you remember what happened in secular France in summer 2003? How about some 14,800 “excess deaths” (I love that word “excess”!), mostly among the old, mostly in that citadel of civilization, gay Paree? That’s just an official French estimate by the way; others were higher. Some of those old bodies were never even claimed, just laid out in those plain thin wood rectangular boxes outside Paris like Pottery Barn Teen was having the biggest outdoor mattress and box spring sale ever or something.

Now, everyone official says they know the reasons “why” this happened — because of heat topping 100 degrees during a month when most of the city, including much of the nursing home staff, went on vacation. Well, there’s secular Europe for you: Granmamma’s in a “home” getting heatstroke, and her family, or what remains of it, is too busy with Eurail and Ryanair and vacation ooh-la-la to care. And so Nature got to dispose of a whole lot of Unfit people at one swoop. Now, I’m not saying that’s a bad thing, any more than any other real Darwinist would. But my point is, does anyone really believe this would have happened if France were still a Christian country?

Not that plenty of atrocities didn’t happen when France was Christian! But the point is, would this particular atrocity, i.e. the totally freaky abandonment of the old and sick and weak in one of the most modern cities on earth in the name of leisure, have happened if Christianity still colored the way people behave in Europe? Was it thinkable in a world where what the religious call “the family” still had force behind it? For that matter, does anyone think it would have happened if all those geezers had been Muslims rather than post-Christian Europeans?

No, no, and no, and all for the same reason: because organized religion would have intervened. The American Christian response after Hurricane Katrina, to take one counterexample right in our Face, was as fast as the American government’s was lame.

But then again, why should the believers’ edge in caring for the Unfit surprise us atheists? After all, it’s not as if hospitals and soup kitchens abound in our inner cities in Darwin’s name. There’s not exactly a Bright network within the prisons bringing aid and comfort to the people inside. And it’s not like the sociologically Unfit show up at Los Alamos or the Natural History Museum, say, when it’s 30 below outside and they want a blanket and a bowl of free slop. Oh, and how about the many atheist families who have adopted six or eight or ten children, including those with handicaps? Right! I don’t know any either.

And that’s just my point: not only should our Side refuse to compete on fronts like these when there’s no evidence to our credit anyways; we should also be clear among Ourselves that we atheists don’t want the kind of world in which Nature’s rejects, the sick and the old and the frail of any sort, flourish anyway.

That’s what upsets me so about Your collective insistence that atheism can pick up the moral slack of religion in the matter of good works. It’s so hypocritical! Do we really want a society, say, abounding in family-minded people who take in other people’s Unfit offspring? Next thing you know after that, people might get the idea of protecting, say, crippled infants, or people in comas, or Alzheimer’s or Parkinson’s patients or other unfortunate parasites on our Species. And how Natural is any of that? Answer: not!

No, competing against the believers on grounds of good behavior will do our Side no good at all. I urge you with all my DNA to stay away from that game. The reason why we’ll lose it every time is simple: because their highest authority, the Loser, tells them to care for the sick and weak, whereas Ours, Nature, tells us the opposite.

The trick to end-running it is clear enough: Just keep focused at all times on the evils committed in religion’s name. Never mind how long ago they were! Try not to let the Dulls point out that you are comparing religious apples (i.e. what institutionalized religion did in Europe 600 years ago) with atheist oranges (i.e. what institutionalized atheism did in Europe 60 years ago). Mercifully, as it were, many of them are just ignorant enough of history not to call our bluffs on rhetorical saves like that.

But never, never, never, pretend that we have a code that would in any way render us as attentive to Nature’s Castoffs as the Dulls are, because we don’t — and not only don’t we have one, but in principle we don’t want one. And next, before introducing you to my barfogenic former boyfriend Lobo (!), which is where my own conversion story really begins, I want to get going on a couple other kinds of Bright chatter that need to be dialed down in the future for our Movement’s sake. Remember, I’m only here to help!

Yours Empirically 4-Ever,

A. F. Christian",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
656612,"United Wisconsin, the union-led group seeking to recall Gov. Scott Walker, has turned in 1 million signatures in an attempt to trigger a recall election later this year. The million-signature mark is well above the 540,000-signature threshold union members needed to force an election. The state Government Accountability Board (GAB), per a Waukesha County judge’s ruling, will now start verifying the signatures to ensure their validity.

Walker is being subjected to a recall election based on his 2011 law to all but eliminate collective bargaining for public employees. Walker also made paying union dues optional for public workers, greatly weakening the unions’ ability to raise and spend funds during election season.

United Wisconsin also announced they have collected 845,000 signatures to recall Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch, and have met the threshold to recall four Republican state senators.

Recall organizers are urging the GAB to call an election as soon as possible, presumably once 540,000 valid signatures are found. The GAB faced controversy in December when they announced that all signatures would be given the presumption of validity — meaning bogus names like “Adolph Hitler” and “Mickey Mouse” would count until challenged by Walker. Elections officials also said individuals could sign as many times as they wanted, and it would be up to Walker to weed out the extras, leading one man to brag that he signed 80 times. Today, Democrats said their signature total excludes duplicates and fraudulent names, although they conceded “some might slip through.”

No Democrat has announced they will be running against Walker, although unions have been working behind the scenes to urge notable Democrats to run. Names being mentioned include former congressman David Obey, Milwaukee mayor Tom Barrett, State Senator Tim Cullen, and former Dane County executive Kathleen Falk. In a radio interview this morning, Walker said he expected the recall election to take place in late June or early July, depending on whether there will be a Democratic primary.

The recall election is expected to cost between $$9 million and $$20 million. Wisconsin’s voting-age population currently stands at around 4.3 million people, meaning less than 25 percent of eligible citizens signed a recall petition.

— Christian Schneider is a senior fellow at the Wisconsin Policy Research Institute and a co-author of the Campaign Manager Survey.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
695929,"It is being said that Sotomayor’s judicial decisions are mainly the same as her colleagues’ and show no special race or gender consciousness, except perhaps for a few. But then one has to ask why, in her speech at UC Berkeley School of Law, she so obsessively promoted the pretense that there is some special female or Hispanic point of view that can only be heard by having females and Hispanics on the bench.

Is she being dishonest? Or is she just using identity politics and talking about the “Latina soul” as a ploy to gain more judicial appointments for women and Hispanics — roughly proportionate to their share of the population, a concept that violates individual equality before the law? Proportionality was clearly the standard for her decision in the Ricci affirmative-action case: Since no blacks and only one Hispanic passed the test, the whites who passed it had had to be denied what they had earned.

So her Latina rhetoric is not innocent, regardless of the nature of the majority of her decisions. It can be used to deny justice to whites and to encourage ongoing minority grievance when proportionality is absent.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434421,"Earlier this week, Marco Rubio doubted that the RAISE Act would be able to make it through the Senate and outlined one of his major objections to the legislation:

I don’t want to limit legal immigration. . . . Where I probably have a big difference of opinion with this bill is that it sets an arbitrary cap on the number of people that are able to come through with a green card. I don’t think that should be an arbitrary cap. That number should be driven by demand.

Senator Rubio’s objection here differs in kind from those who argue that the RAISE Act has too low a cap on legal immigrants. Instead, the Florida senator seems to be objecting to any fixed cap at all.

Caps on legal immigration have been a key component of U.S. immigration policy for generations. These caps have not been totally rigid (for instance, the spouses, minor children, and parents of U.S. citizens can immigrate without being subject to any cap), but, they have been in place. A call for an uncapped immigration system would be a major departure from the norms of American immigration policy after the rise of modern transportation and the welfare state.

There might be a further conservative argument on behalf of caps for a modern immigration system: Human limitations mean that sweeping policy efforts can have unforeseen consequences, which can make immigration policy especially tricky. Caps on legal immigration (whatever the criteria for legal immigration) might be viewed as a recognition of that limitation; because we don’t know all the long-term consequences of a given immigration paradigm, we should set limits on the immigration flow of any given year. Furthermore, if we are going to set limits on legal immigration, there seems a much stronger case for having the elected branches of government directly establish those limits rather than a complex, behind-the-scenes bureaucratic calculus.

Immigration is an area where expert predictions have failed spectacularly. For instance, the proponents of the 1965 revision of immigration law did not predict the massive demographic change that their reforms would initiate. Almost certainly, a shift to a skills-based system would also have unintended consequences, and, without a cap on legal immigration, these consequences could have an even greater magnitude. Every system the government would establish to monitor immigration “demand,” as Senator Rubio puts it, is one that could be open to distortion and abuse. Every points system, no matter how well designed, will have its shortcomings and will favor certain interests over others. A cap on legal immigration sets an absolute bound to the extent of this government-induced distortion.

One of the great tensions between open-borders ideology and conservatism involves the role of moderation. Because of a recognition of the importance of conserving many existing civic institutions, conservatives often promote disruptional buffers to lessen the force of major social shocks, even ones that are well-intended. Caps on legal immigration might act as one such buffer. Open-borders advocates might cheer radical disruption in the pursuit of a borderless utopia, but conservatives remember that utopias are often the graveyards of hopes, good intentions, and prudence.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
694438,"Surprise — The New AP U.S. History Framework Is Scrupulously Fair-Minded

By Frederick M. Hess & Max C. Eden — July 30, 2015

In the battles over schooling and American history, it sometimes seems that the forces of agenda-driven identity politics keep racking up wins. That’s what makes this morning’s release of the newly revised Advancement Placement U.S. History framework a happy turn. The College Board’s new framework is not just better than the atrocious version released last year — it’s good in its own right.

The College Board’s 2014 framework for teaching Advanced Placement U.S. History, the gold standard for high-school history, provoked a well-deserved firestorm. The first-ever attempt to provide a comprehensive guide for teaching the course to a half-million students each year yielded an unqualified mess. Larry Krieger, a retired high-school history teacher, was the first to flag the single-minded focus on American wrongdoing, racial division, and left-wing heroics. Stanley Kurtz penned an illuminating series of posts here at NRO on the framework’s politicization of history. The Republican National Committee, in turn, passed a resolution deeming the standards “radically revisionist” and calling on Congress to insist on their further review.

The College Board initially issued a prickly statement dismissing the criticism. Bizarrely, it accused critics of “a blatant disregard for the facts” and of putting personal agendas “above the best interest of teachers, students, and their families.” It all felt depressingly familiar. But the College Board then opted to change course. It reached out to critics, solicited feedback from the public, promised that the framework would be reworked for 2015 — and asked to be judged on the result. This morning, they unveiled the new framework. Surprisingly, it constitutes a sea change. It’s not just better — it’s flat-out good. It doesn’t only address the most egregious examples of bias and politicization; rather, nearly every line appears to have been rewritten in a more measured, historically responsible manner.

Some of the most symbolically significant changes may be in the treatment of World War II and the presidency of Ronald Reagan. The 2014 framework highlighted three things that students needed to know about the Second World War. In order, they were: Wartime mobilization provided economic opportunities for women and minorities; American values were compromised by the atomic bomb and the internment of Japanese Americans; and the Allies won owing to our combined industrial strength.

Notice anything missing?

In the 2015 version, the first bullet now reads: “Americans viewed the war as a fight for the survival of freedom and democracy against fascist and militarist ideologies. This perspective was later reinforced by revelations about Japanese wartime atrocities, Nazi concentration camps, and the Holocaust.” The framework still notes the internment of Japanese Americans and the moral complexities of dropping the atomic bomb, but these are now situated in a broader, more textured tale. Teachers have plenty of room to emphasize moral ambiguities and contemporary critiques, as they well should — but it’s no longer implied that those are the whole story.

Of Reagan’s role in ending the Cold War, the 2014 framework read (in its laughable entirety): “President Ronald Reagan, who initially rejected détente with increased defense spending, military action, and bellicose rhetoric, later developed a friendly relationship with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.” The framework managed to depict Reagan as simultaneously a bully and a naif. That’s the view of left-wing history departments, of course, but it is cartoon history. The 2015 framework now reads, “Reagan asserted U.S. opposition to communism through speeches, diplomatic efforts, limited military interventions, and a buildup of nuclear and conventional weapons,” and notes that these actions “were important in ending the Cold War.”

Whereas the 2014 framework gave hagiographic accounts of FDR’s and LBJ’s domestic initiatives, the 2015 version gives a much more tempered account. The 2014 framework explained, “The liberalism of President Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal drew on earlier progressive ideas and represented a multifaceted approach to both the causes and effects of the Great Depression.” The 2015 framework now reads, “Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal attempted to end the Great Depression by using government power to provide relief to the poor, stimulate recovery, and reform the American economy.” This is both less starry-eyed and more accurate.

Similarly, the 2014 framework asserted that, under President Lyndon Johnson, “Liberal ideals were realized in Supreme Court decisions that expanded democracy and individual freedoms, Great Society social programs and policies, and the power of the federal government, yet these unintentionally helped energize a new conservative movement.” The 2015 version is far more tempered in subtle but significant ways. It reads, “Liberal ideas found expression in Lyndon Johnson’s Great Society, which attempted to use federal legislation and programs to end racial discrimination, eliminate poverty, and address other social issues.” The exuberant celebration of FDR and LBJ has given way to a more concrete focus on what they “attempted” to do. That’s more like it. Reagan, FDR, and LBJ should all get their due for their efforts — and fair-minded discussion of their successes, missteps, and shortcomings.

Changes like these are a reassuring sign. But dwelling only on these headline items actually understates the thoroughness of the line-by-line revisions. In 2014, the first of seven organizing themes for American History was “Identity” — with an accompanying emphasis on race and gender grievances throughout (even when the discussion seemed blatantly anachronistic). In the new version, “Identity” has become “American and National Identity,” and the emphasis throughout is on our shared history — with racial divides and gender politics presented as one part of that larger story. For instance, the framework no longer describes Manifest Destiny as simply “built on a belief in white racial superiority” but rather motivated by a desire for “economic opportunities and religious refuge” and a belief in “the superiority of American institutions.”

Those institutions — self-government, civil society, and democratic capitalism — are all now given the respect and attention they deserve. The framework now addresses economic growth and American entrepreneurialism where before the only economics to speak of consisted of allusions to inequality and exploitation. Astonishingly, discussion of religion and its import was largely absent in 2014. That is no longer the case. Whereas in the 2014 framework one could be forgiven for thinking that the Declaration of Independence was consequential only insofar as it inspired rebellion in Haiti, the new framework makes clear that the Declaration “resonated throughout American history, shaping Americans’ understanding of the ideals on which the nation was based.” The 2015 version encourages teachers to spend up to a month offering “an in-depth focus on the ideas of freedom and democracy as expressed in the founding documents” or examining “the founding documents and their resonance in the thoughts and actions of Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King, Jr.”

Faced with a barrage of well-deserved criticism, the College Board went back to the drawing board. It has returned with a framework that offers an honest, fair-minded framework for teaching the grand sweep of American history. There is no effort to paper over the darker chapters of America’s past or its continuing struggle to live up to our founding ideals (nor should there be!) — but these are now presented alongside our nation’s ideals and staggering accomplishments. The result is certainly not perfect. There are elements we would choose to add and points that could be articulated more fully or fairly. But those are quibbles. Last year’s framework reflected the agenda-driven view of American history so prominent in higher education. This year’s framework gets the balance right between the pluribus and the unum, and does justice to our nation’s remarkable history.

— Frederick M. Hess is director of education-policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute. Max Eden is program manager for education-policy studies at AEI.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
697067,"Yo Derb:

(Gloominess alert.) There have always been plenty of songs by miners about how terrible mining is. I’m sure you remember Alex Glasgow singing “Close the Coalhouse Door (Hinny/Lad, There’s Blood Inside).” That always brings tears to my eyes, too, even if Glasgow was such an odious lefty he fled the country for Australia in protest at Mrs. Thatcher’s policies. The lyrics went:

Close the coalhouse door, lad. There’s blood inside,

Blood from broken hands and feet,

Blood that’s dried on pit-black meat,

Blood from hearts that know no beat.

Close the coalhouse door, lad. There’s blood inside. Close the coalhouse door, lad. There’s bones inside,

Mangled, splintered piles of bones,

Buried ‘neath a mile of stone,

Not a soul to hear the groans.

Close the coalhouse door, lad. There’s bones inside. Close the coalhouse door, lad. There’s bairns inside,

Bairns that had no time to hide,

Bairns that saw the blackness slide,

Bairns beneath the mountainside.

Close the coalhouse door, lad. There’s bairns inside. Close the coalhouse door, lad, and stay outside.

Geordie’s standin’ at the dole,

And Mrs. Jackson, like a fool,

Complains about the price of coal.

Close the coalhouse door, lad, there’s blood inside.

There’s bones inside. There’s bairns inside, so stay outside.

The third verse is a reference to the Aberfan tragedy of 1966, when a Welsh elementary school was engulfed by a sliding slag heap, killing 116 children. Lord, I cried when I typed that.

Despite this, the coal strikes of the seventies and eighties were, to hear the miners themselves speak, all about preserving jobs for the mining communities, even if the real reason was preserving political power for the unions. Arthur Scargill ruined those communities by treating them as a political tool (which, of course, is what the communities blame Margaret Thatcher for).",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
206867,"President Trump’s first trip abroad has received mixed reviews. His turn through the Middle East went well, yet for all the success of the trip’s opening days, its back half disappointed. After a lackluster meeting with Pope Francis in Rome, the president buffaloed through a series of tense meetings under the aegis of NATO and later the G7. He blustered about everything from German automotive manufacturing to the Paris climate accords, and his European counterparts were happy enough to score cheap domestic political points by returning the favor. Newly elected French president Emmanuel Macron described photo-op handshakes like a veteran of gladiatorial combat. The parliamentary heads of the Nordic states took a photograph holding a soccer ball, a seeming send-up of the glowing orb featured at the launch of Saudi Arabia’s new Global Center for Combating Extremism.

Yet the big news came from German chancellor Angela Merkel. At a political event for her national party’s Bavarian counterpart, Merkel tossed back a liter of beer and suggested that “the times when we could completely rely on others are a bit over. I have experienced this in the last days. . . . That is why I can only say that Europeans must really take our fate into our own hands.”

This was an epochal declaration, according to the liberal corners of the American Internet, an end of the transatlantic alliance, an unprecedented break from the past! Never mind that Merkel’s musing pales in comparison with that of Western European rhetoric from 2004 through 2008. Lest we forget, Gerhard Schröder insinuated that President Bush’s proclivity to pray on weighty matters meant the leader of the free world was effectively a Manichean madman.

Indeed, far from speaking chiefly of America’s reliability, Merkel was speaking to a decidedly European, and specifically German, audience. That audience remains cognitively stunted by its persistent mythologizing of the European Union’s purpose, a delusion perpetuated by the unhealthy interpenetration of the continent’s governing elite by its intellectually desiccated academy.

From the founding of the European Coal and Steel Community in 1952 through New Year’s Day of 1995, the European project expanded slowly, deliberately, and pragmatically. The original six nations — the Benelux countries, West Germany, France, and Italy — were slow to add members. Denmark, Ireland, and the United Kingdom joined on New Year’s Day 1973. Greece came aboard eight years to the day thereafter. Portugal and Spain joined together, again on New Year’s Day, in 1986. Austria, Finland, and Sweden followed suit exactly nine years later.

From the vista of early 1995, the EU made a great deal of sense. The Soviet Union was dead. Germany was reunified and rapidly disarming. The project of decolonization was nearly complete. Spanish democracy, a close-run thing as recently as 1981, had finally taken hold. The EU’s member states had comparatively robust economies and reasonably effective institutions.

True, the Mediterranean countries faced structural challenges to their economies and Italy was (and is) Italy. But tourism promoted by the free movement of peoples, plus northern Italy’s robust manufacturing sector, suggested that these were fixable problems within the single currency. For those countries unwilling to join the euro, so be it: Accommodations could be made. Here was Western Europe post–Cold War, prosperous, shrouded in the American security guarantee, and arguably set on a common mission.

The invasion of Iraq ended these salad days. The European project went off the rails.

As the American occupation degenerated into a Mesopotamian mire, many in the European elite decided that by launching a preemptive war and snubbing the international order in the process, America had forfeited its claim to be the shepherd of liberal democracy. The European project, in the Eurocratic mind, could become the new vanguard of Western values. People wrote books with retrospectively risible titles like “The United States of Europe: The New Superpower and the End of American Supremacy” and “Why Europe Will Run the 21st Century.” It was a heady time, and a foolish one.

In the minds of its political leaders, the European Union could become something more than political. It could become something historical, even metaphysical.

Europe’s leaders forgot that the EU began, and in the hearts of its citizens remained, the most pragmatic of entities. It was the coal-and-steel trading bloc still. Francs and deutschmarks, lira and pesetas, could be traded in for euros — that was just money. But the sense of Europe as a single entity with a common mission had not penetrated beneath the ranks of the Brussels set. There was no memory, no community, no mission in the popular European imagination.

Yet to the Eurocracy, Iraq opened the door to an idea of Europe bigger than commerce and beyond postwar pragmatism. The EU, in their minds, could become something more than political. It could become something historical, even metaphysical. This led in short order to the hasty, foolhardy eastward expansion of the EU, into the post-Soviet landscape of backward economies and parchment-barrier institutions.

On May Day, 2004, the EU admitted Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia. Bulgaria and Croatia joined less than three years later.

Amid this institutional race east, a mass migration of labor headed west. The arrival of Eastern European workers en masse in Western European capitals gave conspicuous lie to the twin myths of economic interdependence and continental solidarity. At a structural level the wild lust for an eastward Manifest Destiny undermined the EU. It destabilized the single currency, rent social trust between and within the countries of Western Europe, and inspired Brussels to ignore referendum defeat after referendum defeat. Arguably, Brexit was born that day in 2004.

The belief that Europe could be a historical vessel of liberal democracy found special succor in the corridors of German academe, especially in Jürgen Habermas’s account of liberal democracy. Habermas, Germany’s most prominent intellectual, shrugged off his Marxist education and embraced liberal democracy. Yet unlike the American philosopher John Rawls, who tried (and failed) to craft a new theory of the social contract, Habermas’s account flattens into empty process. Lacking a coherent theory of human wants and needs, of passions and interests, Habermas reduced liberal democracy to “intersubjective rationality.” Instead of the rights of man, or even the prudent republican checking of faction with faction, liberal democracy became merely people reasoning together. As a result, liberalism ceased to be an ideology of the individualist and becomes an ideology of conversationalist.

Conversation is all good and well, make no mistake. We could use more of it in America these days. But conversation glosses over the institutions of the state, the hard facts of material interest, and the difficult but necessary work of counting noses and votes. Moreover, it presumes that politics can be separated from the animal spirits that move everyday citizens to expend their time and energy in the pursuit of political ends. It underrates the extent to which politics, like athletic fandom, is about enthusiastic, participatory tribalism. Intersubjective rationality cannot account for home-court advantage.

Habermas especially influenced the debate over Europe’s future thanks to the deep intertwining of Germany’s political class and its moribund academic elite. At a grubby level, this means many German politicians get outed as plagiarists when their hollow dissertations come under the microscope. At a more profound level, it means that many German politicos get indoctrinated into Habermasian liberalism. Combine a hunger for history with intersubjective rationality, and one can ignore popular rejection of a sweeping program. The conversation must go on.

The Merkel statement should be seen in this light. Many in the German political elite long for a world without American leadership, never mind that anything that splits the European bloc will allow Russia to pick the Western European countries apart through bilateral energy negotiations. Merkel was giving voice to those instincts — those animal spirits invisible to Habermas — but she was not fully embracing them. For all the ballyhooing around her statement, Merkel ultimately sounded a cautious note. She flattered the abiding desire among the German political class to be heroes of liberal democracy and charge headlong into the future as moral and historical agents. Yet compared with 2004, it could have been worse. After all, Merkel hedged her bets with a fist full of qualifiers.

America gains little from overreacting to Merkel’s statement, turning her words into a self-fulfilling prophecy. We would do well, however, to remember that the Europeans cannot always be trusted to act in their own best interests. That, if nothing else, justifies maintaining a transatlantic order that gives us the final say.

READ MORE:

Donald Trump Puts Angela Merkel on Tilt

It’s Long Past Time for our NATO Allies to Meet Their Defense-Spending Commitments

The Price of ‘America First’

— Luke Thompson is a partner at the Applecart political consultancy.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
904591,"Plus one article on Google Plus

A Thanksgiving miscellany: Mark Twain, science, WKRP, Cicero and the best turkey fryer PSA ever.

10 Thanksgiving Words With Bizarre Origins.

In 1939, the U.S. celebrated Democrat Thanksgiving and Republican Thanksgiving.

A bird in a bird in a bird in a bird in a bird in a pig: the TurBacon Epic.

What’s a Wishbone, and Why Do We Crack It? Related, Tyrannosaurus Rex Had a Wishbone.

This Man Made the First Canned Cranberry Sauce.

Benjamin Franklin’s account of the First Thanksgiving.

How Much Stuffing Would It Take to Stuff Your House Like A Turkey?

8 Thanksgiving Flowcharts.

How Turkey Got Its Name.

Why Do The Lions & Cowboys Always Play On Thanksgiving?

For those of us born between the 22nd and 28th and have always wondered, here’s how it works: the Thanksgiving Birthday Pattern.

Thanksgiving in 1810, 1910, and 2010. Related: Celebrating Thanksgiving in the 1800s.

For the kids, a virtual field trip to the first Thanksgiving.

Dave Barry Thanksgiving columns from 1996, 1998, 2004… feel free to add more in the comments.

Buffy Thanksgiving episode: ”Ritual sacrifice, with pie.“",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330489,"Douglas Murray October 30, 2017, Issue by

The inextinguishable allure of Communism

If there is one line we surely will never hear uttered, even in these times, it is any variant of this statement: “I grant that the Nazis committed excesses, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t something to be said for Fascism.” While there certainly are groupuscules of neo-Nazis around, they do not get a polite reception on campuses, let alone tenure. Watered-down versions of Fascism do not emerge in the manifestos of mainstream political parties in the West. No student is ever seen sporting a T-shirt with a chic Reinhard Heydrich likeness emblazoned across the front.

If the bacillus of Fascism is never dormant, then at least we appear to have retained significant stockpiles of societal antibiotics with which to counter it. It is unlikely that Richard Spencer will address the Conservative Political Action Conference anytime soon. Unlikely that there will be celebratory centennials for Mussolini’s rise to power. And less likely still (despite the cries to the contrary of professional anti-Fascists, who need Fascists for business purposes) that anyone dreaming of a fairer Fascism will reach the White House in any coming electoral cycle.

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638138,"When Hillary Clinton’s e-mail scandal erupted last March, fair-minded people might have given her the benefit of the doubt. Distracted and perhaps overeager, the spanking-new secretary of state plowed into her duties and had her staff divert e-mails to her home-based computer server. This would be more convenient, she claimed, and would let her avoid the hassle of schlepping multiple handheld devices. Besides, “there is no classified material” on her server, she said, soothing journalists who covered this matter. “I did not receive nor send anything that was classified,” she reassured the media last July.

Things are now so much worse than they first appeared.

A top Clinton aide rebuffed a senior State Department official who tried to give Clinton standard computing gear. As the Daily Caller’s Chuck Ross has reported, State’s executive secretary, Stephen D. Mull, wrote Clinton’s chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, on August 30, 2011.

“We are working to provide the Secretary per her request a Department issued Blackberry to replace her personal unit which is malfunctioning,” Mull explained. He thought it was on the fritz, “possibly because of [sic] her personal email server is down.”

Deputy chief of staff Huma Abedin dismissively replied: “Let’s discuss the state blackberry, doesn’t make a whole lot of sense.”

If a bumbling Clinton had let a smattering of classified e-mails land on her unsecured server, one might overlook an occasional slip-up or two. However, the State Department so far reports that Clinton’s private server held at least 1,340 e-mails that contain classified data. The final tranche of Clinton’s e-mails should arrive January 29, most likely featuring even more e-mails brimming with state secrets.

If Clinton were a lifelong academic in her first big federal job (visualize a Jeane Kirkpatrick of the Left), she might deserve a little slack. But Clinton spent eight years as first lady and eight more as a U.S. senator. Even more inconveniently for Clinton, she served six years on the Senate Armed Services Committee.

Even if Clinton had not spent a half-dozen years handling secret documents on America’s military plans and capabilities, she surely knew that classified materials are a secretary of state’s stock in trade. Regardless, Clinton claimed that her server never harbored classified e-mails.

Inconceivable.

When the secretary of state swaps e-mails with the president of the United States and the chiefs of the Pentagon, CIA, and NSA, they presumably discuss priorities more sensitive than Downton Abbey. Clinton first worked on Capitol Hill in 1970. She is a Yale lawyer. So she damn well knows that a “born classified” document is secret “when originated.” Markings or no markings, she understands that the confidential views of foreign leaders, reports from ambassadors, and updates on arms-control talks are all state secrets.

Clinton’s flimsy claim never to have handled e-mails labeled classified imploded recently when an e-mail sent June 17, 2011, became public. That morning, Clinton’s aide Jacob Sullivan informed her that a document could not reach her via a secure fax. No sweat! Clinton replied, “ . . . turn into nonpaper w no identifying heading and send nonsecure.”

So, Clinton knew about these classified markings and, even worse, instructed her staffer to cover them up and forward her that document via a fax machine vulnerable to spies. Clinton’s “gross negligence” may have violated the federal Espionage Act, 18 U.S. Code § 793.

It would be bad enough if the 1,340 aforementioned classified e-mails involved only the travel plans of U.S. ambassadors. This can be life-or-death information, as al-Qaeda’s franchisees demonstrated in Benghazi.

Even worse, I. Charles McCullough III, inspector general of the intelligence community, confirmed that Clinton’s server included not just two previously known top-secret e-mails but also “several dozen emails containing classified information determined by the IC element to be at the CONFIDENTIAL, SECRET and TOP SECRET/SAP information” levels. McCullough wrote the chairmen of the Senate Intelligence and Foreign Relations committees on January 14, in response to their questions.

(Please see the letter here.)

TOP SECRET/SAP classification goes well beyond the merely top secret and might include the names of American moles in foreign governments and other information whose disclosure could get people killed. This level of stealth is so intense, McCullough himself had to earn an even higher security clearance in order to inspect these SAP materials. “Several dozen” such e-mails occupied Clinton’s server as it ricocheted from Chappaqua, N.Y., to New Jersey to Colorado, unencrypted and wide open to hacking by Anonymous, Russia, Iran, or the terrifyingly tech-savvy folks at ISIS.

Hillary Clinton has devolved in ten months from a fumbling former chief diplomat to a previously clear and present danger to U.S. national security.

— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a media fellow with the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution, and Peace at Stanford University.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638420,"Let’s begin with two assertions, both of which should be inarguable. First, no one in Washington is entitled to any position of power or responsibility. Second, the greater the power or responsibility, the more integrity, character, and — crucially — competence we should expect from our public officials. Or, to put it plainly, to whom much is given, much is required.

By that standard, why is Devin Nunes still chairman of the House Intelligence Committee?

Let’s backtrack and briefly review the utterly bizarre events of the last month. Let’s start with this tweet, from President Trump:

Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my “wires tapped” in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017

While there had long been reports that the intelligence community had intercepted communications between Russian officials and members of the Trump team, this tweet raised the stakes. Previously, it was understood that the intelligence community had been monitoring Russians, and it picked up communications with Trump officials only when they communicated with Russians already under surveillance. Trump’s tweets, by contrast, indicated that he’d discovered that Obama personally ordered surveillance of the incoming GOP president.

To call that claim “explosive” is an understatement. Indeed, Trump himself understood the stakes and tweeted this:

How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017

There was just one problem: Trump made the claim without providing any evidence to support it. Indeed, as FBI director James Comey pointed out, the president doesn’t even possess the legal authority to unilaterally order wiretaps on American citizens. Yet that didn’t stop the now-familiar partisan Republican scramble to find something, anything that could make Trump’s tweet look “truthy” or perhaps “truthish.”

Enter Devin Nunes. After first saying that he believed Trump’s tweeted allegations were “wrong” on March 22, he conducted a short press conference on White House grounds to declare that he’d obtained documents indicating that White House officials (and maybe even the president) had been monitored as part of relatively routine surveillance of foreign officials.

Oddly, however, he’d apparently rushed to the White House to present this evidence without sharing it with members of his own committee. This was a breach of protocol, but not on its face a firing offense. Nunes apologized, and the storm seemed set to pass.

Then the story got stranger still. Yesterday Nunes acknowledged that he traveled to the White House before his March 22 press conference to review secret documents in the White House’s possession, then used the contents of those documents to “brief” the president and the press. In other words, the White House appeared to be using Nunes to brief itself. Rather than state its own case with its own evidence, it used Nunes to make it appear as if external investigation had at least partially validated Trump’s tweets.

Just at the time when the nation desperately needs adults to step forward who can give the public confidence that they not only understand the stakes of the Russia investigation, they also can be entrusted to conduct that investigation in good faith, Nunes unnecessarily poured gasoline on an already-raging fire. The American body politic is awash in conspiracy theories, mistrust, and wild claims of espionage and criminality. It needs leaders. It needs competence. It needs integrity.

Nunes isn’t Donald Trump’s lawyer. He’s not Trump’s spokesperson. It’s not his job to clean up Trump’s Twitter mess. The House Intelligence Committee faces the challenge of conducting an investigation that has at least some degree of bipartisan credibility. It’s not “success” for Nunes to produce a report that plays great on Fox News while his Democratic counterpart, Adam Schiff, writes a dissenting document for Rachel Maddow.

Are you unconvinced? Let’s indulge in the simplest exercise in political integrity. If the roles were reversed, what would you argue? If Adam Schiff was the chairman, Hillary Clinton was president, and Schiff was secretly meeting at the White House for solo briefings then presenting that same “evidence” to the press as if he’d discovered it, you’d want him to step down. And you’d be right.

Months into the Russia controversy, we still don’t know if there was any collusion at all between Russian officials and members of Trump’s team. We still don’t know the full extent of Russian efforts to have an impact on the election. And we still don’t know the identities of government officials who seem to be leaking classified information to any reporter who will listen. But we do know that partisans on both sides are utterly shameless in their double standards. Leaks are terrible if the information is damaging for their side, and they’re vital to democracy if the information is good. The Clinton Foundation’s ties to Russia are overblown, but Trump’s the Manchurian Candidate. Or, if you’re a Republican, Hillary Clinton sold out American national security, and Trump is the victim of a witch hunt. Public discourse is becoming a sad joke.

If Nunes steps down as chairman, he can quickly transition from part of the problem to part of the solution. He can make a powerful statement that mistakes have consequences, and public officials still have the integrity to acknowledge their own shortcomings. He can clear the way for an investigation untainted by his own errors. His own power and his own position are not worth the ongoing loss in public confidence. It’s time for Nunes to go.

— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
699299,"Mind-boggling remarks from Margaret Beckett:

But let us deny the terrorists the historical importance they claim to themselves. They have no right to speak for the great and noble faith of Islam. This is a not a battle between civilisations but a stand-off between the whole of society on the one hand and a fairly small and particularly nasty bunch of murderers and criminals on the others.

In practical terms that means avoiding the temptation to artifically polarise debate.

I’ve seen it so often in the long-running debate on climate change: wheel out the resident sceptic, however unrepresentative or discredited, to generate tension and voice provocative views in the name of editorial balance.

It makes for more heated exchanges and louder headlines. But it is not the way to build a common consensus on the ground we share. And when it comes to counter-terrorism that is positively dangerous. It buys into the twisted rhetoric of division, so assiduously fostered by those who are the enemies of us all.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
908870,"Driving Pro-Lifers Out of Medicine

By Wesley J. Smith — December 13, 2014

Fifty years ago doctors were prohibited by the Hippocratic Oath–and most laws–from assisted suicide and abortion.

Now, we see the opening stanzas of forcing doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and other medical professionals to be complicit in such killing actions or be driven out of their professions.

The Canadian province of Ontario is the latest example. Today, rules permit dissenting doctors from having to participate in abortions. New rules will force all doctors to be complicit in abortion by either forcing them to do the deed or refer to an abortionist they know will make the unwanted fetus dead. From the Brandon Sun story:

The regulator, which oversees, licenses and regulates some 28,000 physicians, is also updating its guidelines on how to balance the charter rights of doctors and patients. The proposed changes mean doctors who refuse to perform certain procedures — such as abortions — on moral grounds would have to refer patients to another doctor. Physicians were previously allowed to withhold treatment that clashed with their religious and moral beliefs but had no obligation to provide a referral, said Dr. Marc Gabel, the regulator’s former president.

Should assisted suicide/euthanasia become legal throughout Canada–which its Supreme Court may soon impose–doctor-prescribed death will be quickly included in the complicity mandate. That’s already the law under Quebec’s new euthanasia legalization.

An anti-conscience law already exists in Victoria, Australia around abortion. In my last national speaking tour there, I met doctors who picked up stakes and moved to another state to keep from being complicit in abortion. But what will they do if the NO CONSCIENCE ALLOWED! law goes national? Either comply or give up medicine.

The Dutch Medical Association (KNMG) has proposed a similar rule for doctors and euthanasia. Meanwhile, doctors are allowed there to teach their patients how to commit suicide.

The Culture of Death brooks no dissent! The time is coming–and is already here–when willingness to kill or be complicit in killing, will be a prerequisite to entering or practicing the medical professions.

No Hippocratic-values believers or pro-lifers allowed!",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
555622,"On Friday, the day to bury unpopular news, the Obama administration announced the extension of its Keystone XL review. A final decision is unlikely before the November midterms. The administration claims it needs this delay to resolve legal complexities. But let’s be clear: This is the submission of governance to partisanship. And it comes from the president who proclaims himself the maestro of infrastructure investment.

It’s impossible to overstate the absurdity of this situation. After all, the State Department recently found that Keystone XL would have no significant impact on the environment — a conclusion upheld by the department’s inspector general. And these reports are only the tip of a bureaucratic iceberg: The White House has spent years sending Keystone XL through the paperwork wringer.

Still, the motivation for this latest deferral is obvious. It’s a midterm-election payoff, intended specifically for Tom Steyer, a retired hedge-fund manager who has pledged to raise $$100 million for anti-Keystone candidates. In short, facing the prospect of a Republican Senate, Obama has decided that governance can wait until November.

Thus we find ourselves left with a stellar example of Democratic campaign-finance hypocrisy. Cast your memory back to February. Remember Harry Reid’s rant against the Koch brothers for their “un-American” “attempt to buy” American democracy? What about Steyer? By Reid’s standards, Steyer’s $$100 million purchase would surely represent a moral horror. Except that Steyer is a Democrat, which changes everything, because Democrats are the enlightened ones.

This is liberal hypocrisy at its insufferable worst. In the “courage pledge” that Steyer sent out Thursday, he presents himself as a visionary who stands up for “children” (a weapon-word he uses three times), and he claims that the Koch brothers’ “only interest is seizing complete control of Congress.” In one short letter, we get sentimental demagoguery (“working families” vs. “powerful forces”) alongside a heaping dose of moral superiority. And Steyer extends his focus far beyond the issue of Keystone: He lambasts conservatives for rejecting minimum-wage hikes, Obamacare, and union empowerment. If there’s any irony in the fact that a retired billionaire wishes to restrain an energy revolution that would create many thousands of jobs, Steyer seems oblivious.

Of course, Steyer is not the only hypocrite. In their foaming-at-the-mouth reaction to Citizens United v. FEC, and McCutcheon v. FEC, many leftists have made clear that they see free speech as an optional right, to be parceled out as progressives see fit. And Democrats as a party are simply subjecting every issue to this “us good, them evil” approach. Liberal media outlets are great guardians of democracy, while conservative advocacy groups are enemies of the Republic. Tom Steyer? Bold shield of the proletariat. The Koch brothers? Cloaked agitators for kleptocracy.

Overflowing with hubris and starved of logic, this is a truly repugnant distortion of democracy. Today, openly and proudly, many Democrats are not content to simply oppose conservative viewpoints and put forth persuasive arguments against them. Instead, they favor the public purging of unclean views from American society. Ultimately, Reid, Steyer, and company would have us believe, as Orwell might put it, that all animals are equal, but billionaire donkeys are more equal than billionaire elephants.

— Tom Rogan is a blogger and a columnist for the Daily Telegraph. He’s based in Washington, D.C.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
705126,"Ayn Rand and Whittaker Chambers

With a word on Atlas Shrugged in the contemporary scene.

By Jason Lee Steorts — August 24, 2010

In writing “The Greatly Ghastly Rand” for NR’s current print issue, I wanted to evaluate Ayn Rand foremost as an artist, applying the simple standard, “Does this inspire me? Do I like what this woman is showing me of her soul?” This is more or less the standard Rand would have applied to herself. As I noted, she asserts in her Fountainhead introduction that her purpose as a writer is “the projection of an ideal man.” She goes on to explain that “any didactic, intellectual or philosophical values” in her novels are only a means to that end, and that her goal “is not the philosophical enlightenment of my readers” but “the portrayal of Howard Roark [or the heroes of Atlas Shrugged]” — Rand’s brackets; she is quoting herself — “as an end in himself.”



Whittaker Chambers, in reviewing Atlas Shrugged, was instead concerned with Rand as a political thinker. He is fairly explicit about this: “Atlas Shrugged can be called a novel only by devaluing the term. It is a massive tract for the times. Its story merely serves Miss Rand to get the customers inside the tent, and as a soapbox for delivering her Message.” He then details his objections to the Message — and here I think he does her an injustice.



The crucial passage:

It is when a system of materialist ideas [Chambers has just claimed that Rand presents “a forthright philosophic materialism”] presumes to give positive answers to real problems of our real life that mischief starts. In an age like ours, in which a highly complex technological society is everywhere in a high state of instability, such answers, however philosophic, translate quickly into political realities. And in the degree to which problems of complexity and instability are most bewildering to masses of men, a temptation sets in to let some species of Big Brother solve and supervise them.



One Big Brother is, of course, a socializing elite (as we know, several cut-rate brands are on the shelves). Miss Rand, as the enemy of any socializing force, calls in a Big Brother of her own contriving to do battle with the other. In the name of free enterprise, therefore, she plumps for a technocratic elite (I find no more inclusive word than technocratic to bracket the industrial-financial-engineering caste she seems to have in mind). When she calls “productive achievement” “man’s noblest activity,” she means, almost exclusively, technological achievement, supervised by such a managerial political bureau. She might object that she means much, much more; and we can freely entertain her objections. But, in sum, that is just what she means. For that is what, in reality, it works out to. And in reality, too, by contrast with fiction, this can only head into a dictatorship, however benign, living and acting beyond good and evil, a law unto itself.

The basic error is to say that Rand wants her own species of Big Brother to “solve and supervise” the problems of complexity and instability. This simply is not so. It is true that her “prime movers” withdraw from society in order to effectuate the collapse of the “looters”; in this sense they “do battle” with the “socializing elite.” But they fight precisely against the idea that any person or persons should be granted Big Brotherly responsibilities. They oppose, precisely, the “suprevis[ion]” of a “managerial political bureau.” Their message throughout, to borrow Rand’s formulation, is: “Hands off!”





Chambers is fair enough to continue: “Of course, Miss Rand nowhere calls for a dictatorship. I take her to be calling for an aristocracy of talents. We cannot labor here why, in the modern world, the pre-conditions for aristocracy, an organic growth, no longer exist, so that the impulse toward aristocracy always emerges now in the form of dictatorship.” But I think he is still mistaken, and his diction misleading. Aristocracy is an arrangement in which certain persons have a political right to rule other persons exploitatively. Any such arrangement would be abhorrent to Rand’s heroes. It will admittedly be the case, in a free society of freely transacting individuals, that those of superior talent enjoy a greater share of material abundance and influence. This outcome will be, in fact, an organic growth. But it is far from aristocracy, and to wield influence is not to rule. Chambers’s elision of these ideas is a surprising piece of sloppiness from so intelligent a writer.



There is an argument to be made that the line between the informal influence of a Google Inc. and the formal power of a “managerial political bureau” is becoming ever blurrier, but Chambers does not make it or anticipate it. Instead he holds that capitalism is necessarily materialist and that a “materialism of the Right” must culminate in something like Hitler’s National Socialism. I believe those claims to be false, and Chambers’s whole way of thinking about these issues strikes me as quaintly Marxian — in both its conception of capitalism and its invocation of historical inevitability. The latter pops up again and again throughout the review, every time Chambers says, effectively, “I don’t care what she claims to advocate — this is what it must come to in practice (but you’ll have to take my word for it).”



While I find Rand’s evangelistic atheism off-putting in the extreme, I believe Chambers is also wrong to claim that her system is “a forthright philosophic materialism.” Insofar as I am familiar with her writings and public statements, she had nothing kind to say about materialists. Certainly she rejected much that conventionally accompanies materialism; for example, she believed in the freedom of the will in contradistinction to causal determinism. And a minor theme of Atlas Shrugged is that its heroes, though denounced as materialists, are more capable of enjoying spiritual pleasures (“spiritual” here understood in a non-religious sense — she has in mind the capacity e.g. to love, or to feel profound aesthetic appreciation) than are their denouncers. I think the correct assessment is that Rand rejected any division at all between body and mind, material and spiritual (another instance of her indebtedness to Nietzsche, which Chambers perceptively noted). Here is one of Atlas Shrugged’s heroes, Henry Rearden, making the point, as he realizes that he was wrong to accept the label “materialist” and feel guilty for being one:

I damned the fact that my mind and body were a unit, and that my body responded to the values of my mind. I damned the fact that joy is the core of existence, the motive power of every living being, that it is the need of one’s body as it is the goal of one’s spirit, that my body was not a weight of inanimate muscles, but an instrument able to give me an experience of superlative joy to unite my flesh and my spirit.

Despite his errors, Chambers succeeded brilliantly in diagnosing Rand’s attitude. He is absolutely right that the book’s “dictatorial tone” is “much its most striking feature.” He is right about its “overriding arrogance,” its “shrillness,” its “dogmatism.” He is right that Rand tends to think “little about people as people,” but “a great deal in labels and effigies.” And I would go so far as to say that Rand, given the chance, might well have been a totalitarian. More: She might have felt — as Chambers puts it — that “right reason itself” enjoined her tyranny. The crudity of her reasoning, and her use of it to justify her hatreds, is on prominent display in the gas-chamber scene I discuss in my essay. All of the train’s passengers are deemed “responsible” and even “guilty” for the regnant political order, and therefore deserving of their deaths, even though the degree to which they could in fact have been responsible or guilty is highly variable: A playwright and a mother married to a low- or mid-level bureaucrat (as well as her children!) are lumped together with a high government official. Rand enjoys killing them all.





Yes, Ayn Rand had the temperament of a totalitarian. But to make this criticism fairly, one must concede that insofar as that temperament became dominant — as it did in her private conduct befitting a cult leader — it would not have been in harmony with her philosophy.



***



A final, brief word about Atlas Shrugged in the contemporary political scene. There are indeed parallels. For example, Henry Rearden, who owns steel mills and has invented a new alloy, is required by the government to sell his eponymous metal to all comers. This is not exactly the same as, but not altogether different from, our government’s command that health insurers provide coverage to all. Or consider this bit of dialogue:

“They’re not laws, they’re directives.”



“Then it’s illegal.”



“It’s not illegal, because the Legislature passed a law last month giving him the power to issue directives.”

The characters could easily be talking about our treasury secretary’s vast to-be-specified powers under the new financial-regulation bill — or any other “progressive” law empowering a regulatory class to legislate.

In some of its satire as well — and Rand can be quite funny as a satirist – Atlas Shrugged seems timely. “An atmosphere suggesting the kind of meeting where a presiding body puts something over on a mentally retarded membership” could serve as a characterization of Nancy Pelosi’s procedural gymnastics; its hyperbole would emphasize an important truth.



But the parallels should not be overstated. There are two huge differences between our world and the world of Atlas Shrugged. The first is one of degree: Rand’s looters are trying to Sovietize the United States, whereas Obama & Co. would be content to remake us as a European-style social democracy. There are good reasons to object to both, but it would be a tremendous mistake to ignore the differences between them, and promoters of Atlas Shrugged should be consciously on guard against implying that Obama favors the former.



The second difference is one of motive. There is no room at all in Atlas Shrugged for the idea that its policymakers are acting on good-hearted but misguided principles. They are parasites, plain and simple, aware of their evil even if they take pains to hide it from themselves (this in fact confirms their awareness), which is why Rand is happy to hurl them all — if I may quote Chambers a final time — into “one undifferentiated damnation.”



Quite apart from its colossal artistic defects, then, Atlas Shrugged’s power as an anthem against President Obama’s agenda seems to me to be highly limited, and I think those of us who oppose that agenda would be unwise to push it as our manifesto.

— Jason Lee Steorts is managing editor of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
721677,"Plus one article on Google Plus

What goes around, comes around?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
903891,"The hypocrisy oozing from the peddling of this week’s narrative about Russian “meddling” in the U.S. presidential election is thick even by the sorry standards of modern American politics.

I feel entitled to be amused, having maintained, through a decade of bipartisan idiocy, that Putin’s thug-ocracy is an enemy of the United States: from the Bush-administration howler that Russia is our “strategic partner,” through eight years of the Obama-Hillary “reset”; from Obama’s mumbling as Putin annexed Crimea and other swathes of Ukraine (after Obama, as a senator, joined with senior Republicans to disarm Ukraine), through Bush’s mumbling as Putin annexed swathes of Georgia. I saw Russia as a major problem long before it began violating the “new START” treaty that Obama signed and Republicans approved; before Secretary Clinton helped Putin cronies acquire a major slice of American uranium stock; and before Obama’s promise to Vlad (communicated through Putin-puppet Medvedev) that he’d have “more flexibility” to cut deals after the 2012 election.

Suffice it to say that if the American political class is suddenly worried about Russian aggression, deceit, cyber-espionage, and collaboration with Iran (in order to — get this! — fight terrorism), I welcome it to the club. And if the gray beards are fretting over Donald Trump’s potential coziness with our enemies, that’s good to hear . . . although it would have been nice to have a fraction of that fretting when it came to the Obama-Clinton operational coziness with our enemies.

All that said, the Democrats’ Chicken Little routine can’t be serious, nor is the chattering class that pretends to take it seriously.

To begin with, it would be shocking if the Russians had not attempted to meddle in our election. Historically, they’ve done it countless times (I assume, every time). That’s what hostiles do, they make mischief when and where they can. Democrats, moreover, conveniently forget that they’ve historically welcomed such mischief-making — such as when Jimmy Carter pleaded with Leonid Brezhnev for Soviet help in the futile effort to defeat Ronald Reagan in 1980 and when Ted Kennedy pleaded with Yuri Andropov for Soviet help in the futile effort to defeat Reagan in 1984.

EDITORIAL: Russia Didn’t Make Hillary Lose. Nor Is It Trump’s Friend

If the American intelligence community (IC), after considered chin stroking, had concluded that there had been no Russian attempts to meddle in the presidential election, I imagine most taxpayers would say we want our $$50 billion per annum back — a reaction that may be warranted in any event given the IC’s propensity to politicize its reports and to miss major developments from Pearl Harbor to 9/11, and from the rise of jihadist Iran to the collapse of the Soviet Union.

According to the Democrat-media complex, the IC believes Russia not only meddled in our election but intentionally swung it to Trump. Indeed, to hear them tell it, our spies haven’t been this sure of something since that “slam-dunk” about Saddam hoarding WMDs.

In point of fact, though, they don’t even have proof that pins hacking on Putin’s regime. The main heavy breathing comes from the Washington Post. If you invest the time it takes to read through the first 26 paragraphs of its explosive report, you are finally told that the Post’s sources — anonymous “intelligence officials” — admit that the “actors” who came into possession of hacked files are “‘one step’ removed from the Russian government.” They may have “affiliations” to Russian intelligence services, but what exactly that means the sources can’t say. No wonder that the FBI, which is expected to be able to prove the allegations it makes, disagrees with the Post’s unidentified leakers. No wonder that other intelligence sources tell the Wall Street Journal’s editors that the leakers’ evidence is “thin.” (Since this column was written, the New York Times has published a lengthy report to undergird the “Russia Hacked the Election” narrative; I had a brief reaction to it on the Corner this morning.)

RELATED: What Russia and Putin Have Accomplished and Not Accomplished

Even if we assume (as I do) that Putin’s regime was trying to intervene in the election, the claim that its clear intention was to help Trump is a stretch.

It is worth remembering that in March 2014, when 50,000 Russian troops were marshaled on the Ukrainian border (shortly after Putin had annexed Crimea, and six years after he took parts of Georgia), Obama-administration officials told the Wall Street Journal, “What matters is [Putin’s] intent, and we don’t have a sense of that.” Now, however, despite a comparative dearth of evidence, the CIA suddenly has ESP. Based on what? Evidently, the Post’s anonymous leakers are inferring a Russian rooting interest from the appearance — they can’t say it’s a fact — that greater effort was made to hack the Democrats than the Republicans.

This claim belongs in the Chutzpah Hall of Fame.

Remember how bonkers the Democrat-media complex went toward the end of the campaign when Trump said the election was “rigged”? The media immediately demanded hard proof that the voting process was corrupted — that there had been tampering of the polling machines or a flood of ineligible voters casting ballots. Unable to produce such probative evidence, Trump moved the goal post: What he’d meant by “rigged,” his camp now said, was not really vote fraud but blatantly biased news coverage — Trump’s indiscretions were magnified while Hillary’s were barely covered.

This prompted great Democrat-media ridicule: Trump had to climb down, they scoffed, because he’d made an absurd “rigging the election” allegation that he couldn’t back up. It was said that Trump was reduced to squawking about one-sided coverage because he couldn’t show that what the press was reporting about him was untrue.

Well what have we here?

The Democrats and their media note takers started out telling us that the Russians had “hacked” the election. But when hard proof is demanded, they must admit that there is not a scintilla of suggestion that Putin’s intelligence operatives tampered with votes — in fact, since most of the polling is not online, there’s not even evidence that an election could be hacked . So now, Democrats have moved the goal post: What they meant by “hacked,” we’re told, is not really vote fraud but blatantly biased leaking — the Democrats’ embarrassing communications were exposed while the GOP’s remained concealed.

So . . . where is the ridicule? You’re not hearing it because the media is hoping you won’t notice the Democrats’ climb down. They made an absurd “hacking the election” allegation that they can’t back up. At most, what happened here is: The Russians did to Democrats exactly what the media does to Republicans — they subjected one side to intense scrutiny while giving the other side a pass.

As we saw with Trump, when Republicans complain about one-sided coverage, the usual media retort is to ask whether anything that has been reported about them is untrue. With the shoe now on the other foot, though, Democrats duck this question. Why? Because they know the hacked e-mails are authentic — Debbie Wasserman Shultz really did skew the nomination process to help Clinton stave off Bernie Sanders; Donna Brazile really did leak the debate questions to the Clinton camp; the Democrats really do look at journalists as members of the team; top Clinton aides really did mock Catholics; Clinton advisers really did worry about Obama’s e-mails to Clinton’s private account — and about the fact that the president was lying when he claimed to have learned about Clinton’s use of private e-mail through news reports. Clinton and her top staffers really did stonewall the public on her private e-mails because “they wanted to get away with it.”

Even if the Russians did want Trump to win, what difference, at this point, does it make?

Here’s the reality: Everyone knows the Russians meddle in our elections, just as they nefariously meddle in much else. That is why it was so reckless of Clinton to keep our nation’s most closely guarded defense secrets on a private, non-secure e-mail system. Up until November 8, Democrats told us there was no reason to be alarmed about such vulnerabilities in the face of likely Russian hacking. Now, hacking is suddenly a crisis — not because the Russians are doing anything different, but because Hillary lost.

Even if the Russians did want Trump to win, what difference, at this point, does it make? The United States is the world’s most consequential nation, so lots of countries figure they have a stake in the outcome of our elections — and some, if they have the requisite capabilities, try in various ways to influence the outcome . . . just as the Obama administration has tried to influence the outcome of Israeli elections, the Brexit referendum, and other foreign contests.

The fact that they think one side or the other would be better for them does not make it so. More to the point, unless there is evidence that the meddlers have fiddled with the vote count, who cares? Under our law, it is permissible to sway the outcome of an election based on false information — just ask Harry Reid. What’s the Democrat-media complaint? That there was too much true information?

Want to recognize Russia as an enemy? Want Congress to do a thoroughgoing investigation of all its espionage and meddling in our country, including efforts to influence election outcomes? Want to hold Trump’s feet to the fire because you’re worried that he and some of his subordinates seem oddly well-disposed toward Putin, a murderous, anti-American dictator? By all means, let’s do it. It’s way past time.

But let’s not pretend the “Russia hacked the election” farce is anything other than what it is: a scheme by the Democrat-media complex to rationalize a do-over — to persuade the Electoral College that it is not bound by the election results. The spectacle we’re watching has nothing to do with Russia.

— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330106,"Trump Defends Praising Putin, China’s ‘Strong’ Response to Tiananmen Square

By Tom S. Elliott — March 10, 2016

CNN’s Jake Tapper challenged Donald Trump tonight over his reputation for “praising authoritarian dictators,” such as Vladimir Putin. Tapper quoted an interview Trump gave to Playboy: ”You said ‘When the students poured into Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government almost blew it, they were vicious, they were brutal, and then they put it down with strength. That shows you the power of strength.’”

“That doesn’t mean I was endorsing it,” Trump replied. ”I said that was a strong, powerful government that put it down with strength. And they kept down the riot. It was a horrible thing, it doesn’t mean at all I was endorsing.”

“As far as Putin is concerned, I think Putin has been a strong leader for Russia,” he continued. ”He’s been a lot stronger than our leader and that doesn’t mean I’m endorsing Putin.”

“The word strong, obviously, is a compliment,” Tapper replied. ”Many people would look at what the Chinese leaders have done and what Putin is doing as atrocities.”

“I used to think Merkel was a good leader until she did what she did to Germany,” Trump responded. ”Germany is a disaster right now. … Strong doesn’t mean good. Putin is a strong leader, absolutely. I can name many strong leaders, I could name many weak leaders. I don’t say that as a good way or a bad way, I say it as a fact.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
659859,"During the campaign, Donald Trump published a “Contract with the American Voter,” and he may even have read it. He described the document as “my pledge to you.” If anybody had been listening, they might have learned from his former business partners what a Trump contract is worth and from his ex-wives what value he puts on a solemn pledge.

I have some bad news, Sunshine: Ya got took.

One of the items on Trump’s Contract with the American Voter was a reiteration of his vow to designate the People’s Republic of China a currency manipulator, which would enable the implementation of certain economic sanctions from the federal government. It was a dumb idea (every country that engages in monetary policy is a currency manipulator, “currency manipulator” being more or less Janet Yellen’s job description), but it was one that Trump stuck to — indeed, coming down on China for its economic policies is one of the few ideas to which Trump has consistently cleaved. (Before it was China, it was Japan, the other Asian Economic Superman that was going to eat our national lunch but never quite got around to doing so; India probably is next up for that dubious honor.) Every third word out of Trump’s mouth was “China.” And now? “They’re not currency manipulators,” he says.

Trump says this is just strategy, that China stopped manipulating its currency months ago; in reality, there has been no major change in Chinese monetary policy. He also says that bringing up the issue now would make it more difficult to get Beijing’s cooperation in dealing with North Korea. That is true. It was true six months ago. It was true six years ago. It may very well be true six years from now. This is a typical Trump pattern: Do nothing, declare the problem solved, claim victory. That isn’t deft diplomacy — it is a failure of nerve.

A few other things have come up: That wall across the entirety of the southern border that Mexico was going to pay for? Mexico isn’t paying for it, which is convenient for everybody, since it isn’t going to be built. There will be additional fencing put up, as there almost certainly would have been in any case, and the United States will pay for it. And John Kelly, homeland-security secretary, says that the wall in many places will not be a wall at all, but an array of “technological sensors.” Ryan Zinke, interior secretary, has been paying a little attention to the geographical arcana that escape the view from Fifth Avenue, including the fact that a very large portion of the border is a river. “What side of the river are you going to put the wall?” he asks, not unreasonably. “We’re not going to put it on our side and cede the river to Mexico. And we’re probably not going to put it in the middle of the river.” Wait until they hear about the Amistad Reservoir and the Santa Elena Canyon.

NATO was obsolete during the campaign. It has been un-obsoleted. Rush Limbaugh this week attempted to put the best spin on that, saying that Trump’s anti-NATO position was only a bargaining tactic, a successful ploy to get NATO members to up their military spending to the 2 percent of GDP they’ve all agreed to. He cited NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg’s statement earlier this week that NATO members are finally getting serious about their commitments. One problem with that line of argument: They aren’t actually doing it. Setting aside the question of whether that 2 percent agreement is in fact sensible and appropriate, NATO members are not living up to it and they are not going to live up to it. Germany, which has Europe’s largest national economy and was long the dominant military power on the Continent, is spending about 1.2 percent of GDP on defense — and that after a large increase this year. There is no radical increase even under discussion. Europe’s second-largest economy is that of France, a big military spender by European standards, but one in which military spending is under 2 percent and likely to stay there. Only two credible global military players in NATO — the United States and the United Kingdom — spend 2 percent or more; when something goes wrong in the world, no one shouts: “For the love of God, call the Greeks! Call the Estonians! Call the Poles!” in spite of their respective military outlays of 2.4, 2.2, and 2 percent of GDP. A few NATO members — the ones nearest Russia — expect to be up to 2 percent soon. Good on Latvia and Lithuania, but that’s hardly a diplomatic triumph for the United States.

No fighting China on currency, no wall, no NATO reform.

No fighting China on currency, no wall, no NATO reform. Add a few more items to the list: Janet Yellen was definitely out before she wasn’t; our relationship with Russia was “great” during the campaign but today is a “horrible relationship” that is “at an all-time low” (he may not know about the Cuban missile crisis); the president could not make war on Syria without congressional approval (“big mistake if he does not!”) until he could. The Affordable Care Act remains the law of the land. Steve Bannon of Goldman Sachs, Gary Cohn of Goldman Sachs, Steven Mnuchin of Goldman Sachs, and Dina Powell of Goldman Sachs are firmly ensconced in their various roles throughout the Trump administration. The alt-right basement-dwellers and sundry knuckleheads beamed that Trump was going to be a “nationalist,” and that he would give the boot to coastal elitists, moderates, and Ivy League snoots. In reality, Trump is a New York Democrat who is being advised by other New York Democrats — Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner prominent among them — who are more or less the sort of people who brought you the Obama and Clinton administrations: business-friendly corporate Democrats, people who think of themselves as post-ideological pragmatists, consensus progressives who are much more interested in opening up backdoor channels to Planned Parenthood than they are in the priorities of people they consider nothing more than a bunch of snake-handling rustics and talk-radio listeners stockpiling gold coins and freeze-dried ice cream in their basements. Trump was a Clinton donor and a Chuck Schumer donor, and he is acting like one.

Surprise.

Rush Limbaugh was right in his way: What Trump said during the campaign was, in fact, a load of nonsense deployed for the purposes of steamrolling the other side in difficult and delicate negotiations. What Limbaugh and the rest of Trump’s admirers missed is that it wasn’t NATO and the Chi-Coms and Enrique Peña Nieto on the other side of the negotiating table getting hornswoggled.

It was them.

— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.

READ MORE:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
700663,"Arnold Kling wants Washington to “break up the banks.” Richard Vigilante and Andrew Redleaf want Washington to make the banks reveal all. But neither breaking banks up nor cracking them open would fix the financial system.



Kling is right that we don’t have a free market in finance. It’s a huge problem. You can’t build a free-market economy atop a centrally planned credit-allocation system.



But size isn’t the main culprit. Whether it’s made up of three big firms or 300 small firms, the financial industry, thanks to government policy, is unnecessarily vulnerable to making the same mistake across the board and bankrupting itself.



Washington encourages this monomania by deciding for markets what types of debt investments are risky (loans to start-ups) and what kind aren’t risky (AAA-rated mortgage bonds). Washington then allows financial firms to borrow more money against the “safe” investments.



Because firms can make more profit with borrowed money, they gravitate toward these “safe” holdings and make more of them when the natural supply runs out. With the government encouraging financial companies to act in concert, they might as well be big; it doesn’t really matter.

Washington can start to fix this problem by being consistent in its limits on borrowing. If regulators were to require a certain percentage of non-borrowed capital – like a down payment on a house — behind any debt or derivative instrument, financial firms would make thousands of different mistakes instead of the same mistake.



The economy then could withstand these unique mistakes. Consider: A free-market economy can withstand the failure of one industrial firm, but a centrally planned economy can’t withstand the failure of its entire industrial policy. It’s the same idea here.



Because competition strengthens markets, encouraging financial firms to make competing decisions on risk would help wean investors off their expectation of bailouts. It would work in tandem with other necessary policies. Requiring firms to trade derivatives on exchanges, for example, would quell investor fear in a crisis by quarantining some risk. Requiring firms to put more capital down against their own short-term borrowings would cut their vulnerability to acute panic.



As their investors learned not to expect bailouts, financial firms would likely shrink themselves, accomplishing Kling’s goal without government break-ups. As Kling notes, the benefits of financial supermarkets — besides bailouts for their lenders under the current regime — are questionable.



What about following Vigilante and Redleaf’s advice, fixing finance by making financial firms reveal all of their holdings once a week? Redleaf and Vigilante would apply this proposal — the “one really radical, really earthshaking, and really effective reform conservatives should be shouting for” — to all investment firms with more than $$10 million in assets.



Transparency is certainly vital to free markets. During the credit bubble, the smart money, including short-sellers like David Einhorn, analyzed facts to expose the financial system as a mirage. The facts they used were public because earlier securities laws made them so: Laws dating back to 1933 and 1934 mandate regular, fair disclosure of pertinent corporate and market information.

These rules need updating. Just as exchanges must disclose stock volume and pricing data, financial firms should have to disclose similar data on credit-default swaps and other opaque financial instruments. Then, the world could know whether a financial instrument is worth what millions of people making independent decisions think it’s worth (like an Exxon share) or what two buddies at colluding investment banks say it’s worth (like a little-traded collateralized debt obligation).

But there’s no evidence that total financial-information availability “absolutely would have kept the mortgage crisis from becoming more than a speed bump and certainly would have prevented the banking collapse of September ’08,” as Vigilante and Redleaf say.

In the mid-2000s, skeptical observers easily learned that speculators were flipping real estate with no cash down using money borrowed via big financial institutions. But the investors who provided the debt that fueled the bubble assumed that asset prices would keep rising. Failing that, they figured from two decades’ worth of history that the government wouldn’t let lenders to big financial firms take losses.

The solution that Vigilante and Redleaf suggest would encourage this bailout mentality. Full disclosure would be part of a tradeoff in return for financial firms’ “astonishing privileges” as “quasi-public institutions,” they suggest. Defining an investment firm with $$10 million in assets as a “quasi-public institution” would expand the markets’ definition of too big to fail.

This expectation, in turn, would overwhelm any benefits from line-by-line data on financial firms’ holdings. If you know that a firm benefits from “astonishing privileges” as a “quasi-public institution,” why would you care about the quality of its investments?

Limiting the definition to the biggest or most complex firms wouldn’t help, either. The only remedy for Citigroup’s status as a “quasi-public institution” is to take away that status. Nothing can substitute for lenders’ fear of failure.

– Nicole Gelinas, contributing editor to the Manhattan Institute’s City Journal, is author of After the Fall: Saving Capitalism trom Wall Street — and Washington.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
717524,"Brooks, Will, Douthat: Trinitarian Complacency?

By Peter Augustine Lawler — September 20, 2015

It’s probably the case that the Trump and Carson campaigns are in downward trajectories that won’t be reversed. The polls don’t signal collapse in the wake of the insubstantial debate performances, but in each case the circle of support is shrinking. And, of course, Trump’s decision not to affirm that the president is not a Muslim, as well as Carson’s proclamation that we shouldn’t have a Muslim president, are unforced errors or worse that strengthen the trends toward marginalization. Someone else will be the Republican presidential nominee. So what are the top conservative public intellectual saying?

According to David Brooks, it’s great that the Republicans are morphing away from the temptation of nominating an outsider candidate. The most reality-based candidates are Lindsey Graham, Bush, and Kasich, but good enough is the now-likely ticket of Rubio–Fiorina. sn’t that sexist, given who actually killed the recent debate? Well no, David responds, because we don’t want too much light shining on her HP etc. record. And all this well before anyone who has actually voted! The good news, from David’s view, is that Republicans are free now from having to learn anything from the dissatisfaction that produced huge poll numbers of Trump and Carson. Republican complacency returns.

According to George Will, Americans should have nothing but contempt for the anti-American hatred of reason, science, and everything modern we find in the thought of Pope Francis. The pope is all about “medieval stasis,” which is the opposite of what America is for. I actually agree with a good number of George’s witty and incisive criticisms of the pope’s economic and environmental analysis. But I’m not about to say that the libertarian interpretation of modern science and techno-enthusiasm is simply what’s according to reason. And I’ll even add that’s not the American view, which is, for one thing, more faith-based and more republican (with a small “r”) than George has been for a while. There’s no one more complacently dogmatic than George Will 2.0.

Or, for that matter, anti-Catholic, insofar as no Catholic accepts whole hog the modern view that nature is simply something to be conquered in the service of indefinitely expanding personal autonomy.

Ross Douthat is actually more on to something when he says that it’s hard to know what Evangelicals see in the possible presidency of Ben Carson. Ross identifies well one of the ideological strands of Trump’s out-of-control campaign, which is a mainly economic (but also nationalistic and sometime nativistic) working-class rebellion against a complacently oligarchic party. But he doesn’t see that Carson, who, as much as Trump, has no business being president, stands for authenticity — and so not pandering — when it comes to the social issues that distinguish the Evangelicals. His support might be, if you think about it, another part of the working-class or ordinary-guy rebellion.

My takeaway: Our Peter S. was always right that Trump never had more than a ghost of a chance of being nominated, and sometimes I almost think we need a psychiatrist to understand all the Republican intellectuals’ over-the-top reactions to his entertaining but undisciplined, unevenly demagogic, and always highly vulnerable mode of campaigning. The bottom line might be that what Peter calls our donor-class party is too complacently the party represented by George 2.0. And so it doesn’t want to come to terms with the fact that conservatism has to be reformed in other than purely free-market and vaguely but insistently hawkish directions to be worthy of victory.

I’m doing the opposite of endorsing Trump or Carson here, but I do understand why people who aren’t vicious or crazy or brimming over with false consciousness might vote for either of them. And their success, even if ephemeral, is a teachable moment for the Republicans about what’s required to build a majority coalition. We might have President Romney today if Mitt had really learned from and acted on the fact that, despite his energy, money, and competence, he never really commanded the support of the rank and file of his party for the nomination. I am also not dissing Rubio as a possible nominee, given that among the mainstream candidates he seems to have the most reformist inclinations and promise, even with the authenticity problem Peter noted.

And let me repeat that the vetting process has just begun with Carly Fiorina. There’s her ”personal narrative,” of course. But I’m more interested in what she really stands for. I hope she’s all about change we can believe in.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
105243,"At least one environmentalist is capitalizing on President Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord: Al Gore.

The former vice president and Nobel Peace Prize winner is back in the public eye whether you like it or not. Since Trump’s announcement last month that the U.S. would pull out of the Paris climate pact, Gore has been on a media blitz to reprise his role as the prophet of planetary doom. The timing couldn’t be better for him. Next week, Gore’s new film, An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power, will debut. It’s the follow-up to An Inconvenient Truth, his 2006 documentary that won two Oscars and became the rallying cry for climate-change activists around the world.

Gore has mostly avoided politics and kept a relatively low public profile the past several years, heading up the Climate Reality Project, a nonprofit he founded on the heels of the movie’s success. (He also divorced his wife, Tipper, and sold his Current TV channel to Al Jazeera in 2013 for a reported $100 million.) But Trump’s presidency is now breathing new life into this aging climate crusader, and he is poised to play the Climate Good Cop to Trump’s Bad Climate Cop.

On June 4, Gore appeared on Fox News Sunday for the first time since he ran for president in 2000. He told Chris Wallace that Trump’s move to exit the Paris pact “undermines our nation’s standing in the world and isolates us and threatens to harm humanity’s ability to solve this crisis in time.” While Gore blasted Trump’s action as “reckless and indefensible” and compared the Paris agreement to the post–World War II Marshall Plan, he also acknowledged that the accord would not have solved climate change but was rather a “powerful signal to the world.”

For a fleeting moment while watching the interview, one could reminisce about the era when Democrats didn’t sound off-the-rails hysterical, as Elizabeth Warren or Bernie Sanders often do. Gore still has his signature monotone, robotic cadence that can temporarily lull one into believing anything he says. But then he quickly pivots to the same apocalyptic rhetoric that made him a climate cult hero after his failed presidential bid. He said humans are putting “110 million tons of heat-trapping global-warming pollution up into the sky every day as if it’s an open sewer.” He urged viewers to listen not only to scientists but also to Mother Nature: “You don’t have to rely on the virtually unanimous opinion of the scientific community anymore. Mother Nature is telling us. Every night on the TV news is like a nature hike through the Book of Revelation.” He rambled on about wildfires, droughts and downpours, and claimed he saw “fish from the ocean swimming in the streets” in Miami.

In an obsequious interview yesterday on CBS News Sunday Morning to promote his new movie, Gore doubled down on his global-warming proselytizing despite his record of failed predictions: Manhattan was going to be under water because of Greenland ice melt, Kilimanjaro was going to be snow-free, we would be battling rapidly rising temperatures and stronger, more frequent storms, just to name a few. Even as late as last week, Gore erroneously blamed climate change for the break-off of a massive iceberg in Antarctica, though scientists said the iceberg’s “calving” was due to natural causes.

Gore doubled down on his global-warming proselytizing despite his record of failed predictions.

Gore talked about meeting with Trump during the transition and told CBS’s Lee Cowan that he had thought the president would “come to his senses” and remain in the pact. In fact, much of Gore’s new film takes place at the Paris conference. The trailer opens with a clip in which Trump mocks global-warming orthodoxy; this is followed by a rapid-fire sequence of scary weather videos narrated by Gore in a mournful voice-over. Cameras followed Gore for two years as he flew around the world from Greenland to Miami, recording the planet’s demise from carbon-emitting airplanes.

In excerpts from the book that will accompany the film’s premiere, Gore ranks climate change among the great moral causes of our time — equating it with abolition, suffrage, and gay rights — a claim with more than a tad of self-serving interest. Gore (again) says that we are at a tipping point and that “every day now, millions more are awakening to the realization that it is wrong to destroy the future of the human race.” He promotes a so-called sustainability revolution that purports to both solve climate change and create “hundreds of millions of jobs” now threatened by automation and a stagnant global economy. In perhaps the scariest of all prospects, Gore says that today’s youth will play a special role in “focusing the attention of their elders on the clear distinction between right and wrong.”

If we don’t act now, Gore warns, our children will inherit a world of “stronger storms, worsening floods, deeper droughts, mega-fires, tropical diseases spreading through vulnerable populations in all parts of the earth, melting ice caps flooding coastal cities, unsurvivable [sic] heat extremes, and hundreds of millions of climate refugees.” Apparently neither age nor inaccuracy has mellowed Gore’s penchant for the apocalyptic.

In many ways, Gore is the perfect archetype of the modern-day climate movement: monotonous, hyperbolic, and opportunistic. For the first time in a decade, the climate crusade is on its heels and desperate for a cogent message and strong leadership. We’ll see if recycling Gore as the hero will work.

READ MORE:

Climate Change Apocalypse: Delayed

Yes, Prosecute Climate-Change Fraud — and Start with the Scaremongers

Al Gore’s Bogus Lincoln Lie

— Julie Kelly is a writer from Orland Park, Ill.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
445491,"“What is so important about this is the origin of the four killers, the brothers and the couple,” says Charles Krauthammer: “They were born in France. I think we’re now in sort of the third stage of the jihadist war against us.”

He laid out the sequence: “The first [stage], of course, is 9/11 — all of the attackers were from the middle east. And then, for the last year or two, we have seen the ‘lone wolf’ attacks — usually homegrown, but fairly unstable and one-on-one, and it looks as if fairly disorganized or acting out of inspiration, but not on instruction or with training. Here we have perhaps the beginning of the third wave, the third stage, and this is the trained local cells, who have learned their trade in the Middle East, are connected in some way — as we heard: the 50 calls among the two groups here, and the obvious connection with al-Qaeda in Yemen.”

Concluded Krauthammer: “It’s as if there’s a critical mass of these dissident jihadists in the West, who are now in a position — rather than act like the single guy in Australia, or the single guys acting separately in Canada — [to act] as a group, as a cell, and as an organized wave, and that could be what we’re facing right now.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
659909,"On Scalia and the Politics of His Replacement

By Shannen W. Coffin — February 14, 2016

The human side of Justice Scalia’s death is, of course, devastating. He was a legal titan, but above all, he was a man of deep, abiding faith in God. He will, I’m certain, have his reward. My prayers are with his wife, Maureen, his children, grandchildren and extended family of law clerks.

The politics, unfortunately, don’t wait for the eulogy to be read. It wasn’t two hours after I learned of Scalia’s death yesterday that the New York Times had contacted me for a quote about what was to come. I don’t fault them for that. It’s a natural question in an election year or any year. The Supreme Court has taken a place as one of our key political institutions, quite wrongly. That people would instantly think of the politics of the appointment process is simply a natural byproduct of the outsized role the Court has taken in American life.

As far as those politics go, there simply is no precedent in modern times for filling a vacancy that arises in an election year. You have to go back to Benjamin Cardozo in 1932 to find a similar circumstance. Democrats have pointed to the appointment of Anthony M. Kennedy in 1988, but that vacancy arose in June 1987, the summer before the election, and only remained open because Democrats had already blocked one of the most qualified nominees in our history from the Court (Robert Bork).

Beginning largely with Bork, Democrats have shamelessly politicized the confirmation process in the last several decades. More recently, they changed longstanding Senate rules for the sole purpose of packing the D.C. Circuit (viewed by most as the most important appellate court short of the Supreme Court) with Obama appointees. That after blocking highly qualified Republican nominees for those same seats during the Bush administration. My dear friend Peter Keisler was nominated by President Bush to the D.C. Circuit in the summer of 2006, fully two and half years before President Bush would leave office. Peter never got a vote out of the Judiciary Committee, let alone a floor vote in the Senate. Once the Democrats took control of the Senate that fall, Peter’s nomination was dead. And not for any reason having to do with Peter’s qualifications, which were superb.

Democrats have viewed their role in the confirmation process as an exercise in raw political power. Their complaints that the American people should not be trusted to decide who should fill this vacancy as part of the presidential election ring hollow.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330122,"Democracy in Action

By Peter Wehner — August 3, 2009

For a sneak preview of what Democrats will face during the August recess, on the attempt to sell their plan to overhaul our health-care system, take a look at this clip. A few more episodes like this will cause some knees to buckle among Democrats and those in the Obama administration, as they begin to see for themselves how deeply and passionately much of the public feels about Obama’s effort and the way he and congressional Democrats are attempting to execute it. Call it democracy in action.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
600212,"Americans are dying more. Not just poor white Americans — that we already knew — but Americans as a whole, according to preliminary data for 2015 that the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) released yesterday. That hasn’t happened since 2005, and the numbers are adjusted for age, so the difference can’t be chalked up to an older population.

It’s not time to panic yet. This is just one year of preliminary data — just two or three quarters for some causes of death — and the overall death rate rose less than 1 percent, from 723.2 to 729.5 per 100,000. But lurking in the numbers are some highly troubling early patterns, particularly when it comes to Alzheimer’s, homicides, and drug overdoses.

One way to approach the data is to look at the major players: The rate rose by 6.3 per 100,000; where did that come from? By far, the biggest shifts were for Alzheimer’s and cancer. Alzheimer’s deaths rose by 3.8 per 100,000 — more than half of the total rise in the death rate, and an unusually abrupt jump for the disease, which rose steeply in the early 2000s but then leveled off. It’s not clear why Alzheimer’s deaths rose even after adjusting for age, and it doesn’t help that they are significantly undercounted on the death certificates the CDC relies upon. But cancer nearly cancelled it out, falling by a respectable 3 per 100,000.

Beyond that, what’s amazing is how widespread the increases are. The CDC released data for 20 causes of death — though a few overlap, like homicides, suicides, and gun deaths — and the trend was positive for almost all of them. Besides cancer, HIV also fell, and the pneumonia/flu category was flat. But heart disease, falls, accidents, Parkinson’s, stroke, suicide, liver disease, the list goes on: Those all rose, if only slightly.

What’s amazing is how widespread the increases are.

The data also contain warning signs about causes of death that are too rare to significantly affect the overall rate. For example, the homicide rate was 5.1 per 100,000 in 2014, so it couldn’t realistically change by 3 per 100,000, as did cancer (which started at 160.9 per 100,000). Nonetheless, homicide is important: It’s an indicator of societal health, it affects young people more than most other causes of death, and it is increasing meaningfully.

In the year ending with the third quarter of 2015 — the latest number the CDC provides — the national homicide rate was 5.5 per 100,000. That’s roughly an 8 percent rise over the number recorded a year prior, 5.1, confirming previous analyses that relied on data from city police departments. The evidence suggests that increasing homicide is concentrated in cities with large populations of poor blacks, and partly results from decaying relations between police and those communities. Some call it the “Ferguson Effect.”

Then there are drug overdoses, which slowly spiraled out of control for more than a decade before the mainstream media took notice, and which are concentrated in areas with large populations of poor whites. It doesn’t look like 2015 will be the year that ODs finally level off. The new data end with the second quarter, but for the year concluding then, the rate was 15.2. Rewind to the year ending with the second quarter of 2014, and the number was 14.1.

As with homicides, that’s about an 8 percent increase — a bigger rise, proportionally, than any other cause of death except Alzheimer’s, which rose about 15 percent.

There are many questions these data don’t answer. Unlike the final numbers that will be available months from now, they are not even broken down by demographic groups and geographic areas. And don’t forget: These are preliminary data, and Americans’ total death rate rose less than 1 percent.

But that will hardly be reassuring to those with a nagging feeling that things are getting worse instead of better.

— Robert VerBruggen is managing editor of The American Conservative and a National Review contributing editor. Twitter: @RAVerBruggen",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
706499,"In light of today’s revelations that Rep. Patrick Murphy’s (D-PA 8) campaign was directly linked to a fictitious voter assistance office and absentee ballot scheme, challenger Mike Fitzpatrick has seized the opportunity to ask questions of Murphy and his campaign, which has been stingy, at best, in its disclosure with the press.

At issue is whether Rep. Patrick Murphy was directly involved, and whether absentee ballots were tampered with or discarded as they were proceeded through the post office box maintained by Tim Persico, his campaign manager.

Battle ‘10 has covered this story here, here, and here.

“Patrick Murphy needs to come clean as to what his campaign is doing with absentee ballots once they are picked up,” said communications director Darren Smith in comments to Battle ‘10.

“Patrick Murphy also needs to come clean as to why this summer his interns collected signatures for Tom Lingenfelter, which the Commonwealth Court later found to be forged. These patterns of allegations are very troubling and need to be fully investigated.”

Fitzpatrick called for a U.S. attorney investigation into the allegations of voter fraud and tempering at a press conference this afternoon in Bensalem, Pa. Fitzpatrick described four key questions that he called on the Murphy campaign to answer:

1. Who compiled and targeted the mailing list, and, why did they choose to prey on those specific voters? 2. Who paid for these bogus mailings? Where is it accounted on finance reports as the scheme appears to be initiated in August 2010. 3. For whom were the door knockers working, and, who coached them to break the rules? Who provided the door knockers with door-to-door lists? Where did they get the lists? 4. Where is a full accounting of what was done with all the applications they received? Did they throw out the applications of Independents and Republicans?

Battle ‘10 has video of the Fitzpatrick press conference below, along with an exclusive interview with Patricia Poprik of the Bucks County Republican Party, describing how the absentee ballot scheme unravelled:

Update: A Battle ‘10 reader writes in:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702764,"Here’s a novel experience. Kathryn Lopez called my attention to Greg Forster’s critique of my Kristol lecture here, wondering if I might want to respond. So I read it. And then read it again. And then thought about it some more. And here’s the novel part: I have nothing to say except, “Well, okay, I take your point.” What he pointed out as weaknesses were weaknesses. On his most important objection, that I failed to mention that activities don’t provide deep satisfactions if they’re morally wrong, he even correctly anticipates my response: I took it for granted. But I shouldn’t have.

Why am I even bothering to post about it? Because we really, really need a change in tone when we’re discussing difficult issues (and need it every bit as much on the Right as on the Left). Forster’s essay is a model: Based on a minutely close reading of the thing-being-critiqued, refusing to personalize the argument in any way, and, dammit, acute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
701892,"Plus one article on Google Plus

A high school kid named Kristen Byrnes in Portland, Maine, had enough of having Al Gore crammed down her throat in class, so she created this terrific website to push back .

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
721660,"First Obama fumbled the human-rights agenda with Russia. Then China. Then Burma. Then Iran. Then Syria. Then Iran again. Now it’s Turkey. President Obama yesterday showered Turkey’s prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, with praise: “I’m pleased that I’m able to call Prime Minister Erdogan personally a friend. I’m grateful for his trip here and look forward to many years of collaboration with him to observe both the prosperity of the American people and the Turkish people.”

Not a word on Erdogan’s embrace of Sudan’s president and Erdogan’s dismissal of any Sudanese responsibility for mass murder in Darfur. Not a word on Erdogan’s personal embrace not only of Hamas, but of the most militant and rejectionist leaders in that movement. And not a word on Erdogan’s personal war on the free press in Turkey. On Nov. 30, 2009, the World Association of Newspapers passed a resolution on Turkey. It is worth reading:

The Turkish Finance Ministry has imposed fines totalling 3.8 billion US dollars this year on the Dogan Media Group for tax irregularities. The group denies all charges. There are grounds to believe that the case might be politically motivated and aimed at silencing the Dogan media. Prosecutors have so far launched 3,845 investigations against media and journalists on the grounds that their reports violated the “confidentiality” and “independence of judiciary” in a systematic effort to stifle the reporting on the case and suppress critical opinions. WAN-IFRA Board calls on the Turkish authorities to cease the campaign of intimidation of journalists and media and to ensure that legal norms, including tax laws are applied fairly and transparently, not used as a tool to intimidate the press. It urges the Turkish government to firmly commit to the rule of law and to uphold international standards of freedom of expression and freedom of the press.

President Bush looked into Vladimir Putin’s eyes and vouched for his soul, not realizing it was a mirage. For all intents and purposes, Erdogan is Obama’s Putin.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
645244,"President Obama issued yet another edict on Tuesday that requires semi-trucks to meet federal fuel-economy standards. And, like other edicts choking coal plants and hiking the federal minimum wage, the little guy will suffer most.

Fuel efficiency is a major concern in the trucking industry. No surprise then, that the truck market — without any federal intervention — has favored diesel engines for decades. Nevertheless, the Trucker-in-Chief has decided that the EPA must now set mpg standards for commercial vehicles just as it does for cars and SUVs as Obama continues his relentless expansion of the regulatory state.

“Improving gas mileage for these trucks . . . reduces carbon pollution even more, cuts down on businesses’ fuel costs, which should pay off in lower prices for consumers,” said Obama at a Safeway store in Maryland. “So it’s not just a win-win, it’s a win-win-win. You’ve got three wins.”

Actually, it’s only a win for politically connected Big Business — and a lose-lose for small truckers and consumers.

Independent truckers have vehemently protested the edict as costly to small business since EPA first announced the proposal in 2011.

“The Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association (OOIDA) and its members are warning that the Obama administration’s proposed fuel-economy standards for medium- and heavy-duty trucks could put the cost of new trucks out of reach for many of America’s hard-working professional truckers,” said the trucking industry’s trade group in a statement today.

The EPA itself estimates that the mpg rules will hike the cost of trucks by nearly $$6,000, making it harder for small operators to buy new equipment. Larger operators will pass the costs on to consumers. But most conspicuous in the president’s announcement were Big Business supporters of his unilateral order — companies like Safeway, PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, UPS, and FedEx. All operate their own trucking fleets and have been bought off by the Obama White House courtesy of the National Clean Fleets Partnership which provides federal alternative fuel subsidies to these member giants.

Oh.

Not surprisingly, none of these inconvenient truths was reported by Obama’s media parrots, especially the global warm-mongers at the Associated Press which repeated the president’s spin almost word-for-word.

With the economy limping along, the Obama administration continues to pile regulations on the back of business. The result is fewer jobs, higher costs, and more pain for small business — the very folks the president says he is in office to defend.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702253,"The federal government’s biggest con game is promoting the fiction that federal dollars doled out to states and localities are “free” money — whether the Medicaid funds at stake in the Obamacare decision, food-stamp reimbursements, job-training money, or grants to local colleges for minority education in the sciences. In advance of the Obamacare decision, the Los Angeles Times warned about the $$15 billion dollars in federal money that California would lose if the law were struck down:

The cost of treating the uninsured here currently is borne by taxpayers, as well as consumers and employers who pay higher insurance premiums to subsidize their care. . . . The healthcare law that passed Congress in 2010 was designed to ease that burden by pumping in money from the federal government. California could receive as much as $$9 billion a year to expand Medi-Cal, the government program for the poor and disabled. . . . An additional $$6 billion a year would go directly to low- and middle-income people who buy subsidized policies through a state-run exchange that would open in 2014.

Where is this “new” federal money coming from if not from California’s taxpayers? Is everyone else in the country subsidizing California? No, every other state is expecting the same putative windfall from Obamacare, which they imagine is coming from taxpayers in other states. But it cannot be the case that every state is profiting at the expense of every other one.

Nor is it the case that there is systematic redistribution from rich to poor states, otherwise, California should not be getting its health costs subsidized by taxpayers in Mississippi. If, however, in the final tally, after the thousands of grant programs emanating from the hundreds of federal bureaucracies play out, the 25 wealthiest states are subsidizing the 25 poorest states, say, then that $$15 billion that California is salivating for doesn’t begin to compensate it for the tax dollars that its residents send to Washington, which are then routed elsewhere.

The math simply doesn’t add up. Federal transfers are not even a zero-sum proposition; they are a negative-sum proposition, leaking value at every step of the way, thanks to the costs of collecting federal tax dollars, then trickling them back out to the states’ own costly bureaucracies via federal paper-pushers who write and oversee grant programs.

And yet this massive Ponzi scheme allows the federal government to wield enormous power in the illusion that it is conferring on states and cities free money from some mysterious external source outside of their own businesses and residents. (The only arguable source of such money from beyond local sources would be money borrowed from China, say, which then gets magnanimously doled out to the states by wise federal bureaucrats, but even there, we — not “Washington” — pay the interest on the borrowed funds.)

Obamacare’s terrifyingly cumbersome, competition-hostile apparatus for controlling medical costs is one of its most obvious flaws. But its promise of enriching state coffers through “federal” dollars is a scam that it shares with almost every other federal grant program.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657313,"Donald Trump’s immigration proposal has raised an issue that has never quite made it into the mainstream of American political debate: birthright citizenship. Are the children of illegal immigrants U.S. citizens? The answer, unfortunately, is “yes” — under the current understanding of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution enacted after the Civil War.

As everyone knows from the history of that era, Congress passed the amendment to enfranchise the former slaves in the South. The first sentence of the amendment states that “all persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof [emphasis mine] are citizens of the United States.” I’ve read the congressional debates over that sentence, and its meaning is ambiguous. Yes, as Edward Erler pointed out Wednesday in a piece in National Review, Senator Jacob Howard (R., Mich.), the amendment’s sponsor, said “foreigners” were excluded from citizenship. But, in response to a question from Democratic senator John Conness of California, an Irish immigrant, as to whether the children of Chinese laborers, then pouring into his state, would be citizens from birth, Senator Lyman Trumbull (R., Ill.), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, which had approved it, said they would be. Conness voted for the amendment based on that assurance, but his support for the Chinese immigrant community, then very unpopular in California, cost him reelection. The only group that everyone seemed to agree would be excluded were Indians living on reservations.

Judicial conservatives are usually skeptical of legislative history in interpreting statutes. And this is a perfect example of why that skepticism is just. As we’ve seen, senators made inconsistent statements about the amendment. Then there is the additional question of why, if Senator Howard really believed his amendment would exclude “foreigners,” he failed to say so in the text? By 1868 members of Congress had almost a century of experience with activist federal judges disagreeing over the meaning of several provisions of the Constitution: the Necessary and Proper Clause, the meaning of “freedom of the press,” and of course, the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment, which was incorporated into the second sentence of the new 14th Amendment.

RELATED: Trump’s Critics Are Wrong About the 14th Amendment and Birthright Citizenship

Senator Howard could have worded his amendment any way he wanted. Consider that the 1866 Civil Rights statute, enacted two years before the 14th Amendment and largely the work of Howard and Trumbull, began with this statement: “All persons born in the United States and not subject to any foreign power . . . are citizens.” That clearly excludes aliens. But that phrase was replaced with the more ambiguous “subject to the jurisdiction thereof” in the amendment. Why? Did the amendment mean something broader? It would seem so.

Could it be that the citizenship clause can evolve in a way that reflects the border crisis?

Then the Supreme Court weighed in. In Slaughter-House Cases (1872), which did not concern the citizenship clause, the Court stated in passing that the clause excluded “citizens or subjects of foreign states born within the United States.” A quarter century later, however, in a monumental ruling (United States v. Wong Kim Ark) in 1898 about the citizenship of a child of legal Chinese immigrants born in California, the Court handed down the current interpretation of the citizenship clause. According to the ruling, everyone born on U.S. soil is “subject to the jurisdiction” of the U.S. except the children of foreign diplomats and enemy soldiers in wartime. No political allegiance to the U.S is required. True, the decision did not concern the children of illegal immigrants, but the interpretation of the citizenship clause plainly includes them. Conservative commentators who claim the Supreme Court has never considered the question are just wrong.

This does not mean the Court can’t reconsider the issue in light of the huge problem with illegal immigration today. Legal realists like me accept what has come before and think we need a dual approach to end birthright citizenship for the children of illegal immigrants: pass a law to end it and make persuasive arguments in court challenges that decisions on constitutional questions should be revisited over time.

RELATED: Not Hard to Read the 14th Amendment As Not Requiring Birthright Citizenship — And Nothing Odd About Supporting Such a Reading

Some jurists, such as Judge Richard Posner of the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals, believe a statutory fix to the problem will be enough. He evidently thinks federal judges will share his judicial realism and not adhere to outdated precedent. I disagree and think the lower courts would reject a legislative end to birthright citizenship. Certainly, the statute would instantly be challenged by the ACLU and litigious Hispanic groups like La Raza. A challenge to such a law would very likely be accepted by the Supreme Court. (It only takes four votes to grant certiorari.)

It would be interesting to see how Justice Scalia, a textualist, would decide the case. The word “jurisdiction” has literally dozens of meanings in the law. He may believe, contrary to how it was decided in 1898, that “jurisdiction” means something more substantial than being physically present on U.S. soil. Typically, textualists do not respect precedent if they believe it was wrongly decided.

Additionally, Article I, Section Eight of the Constitution provides that Congress has the power to “establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization.” Does that trump the 14th Amendment? The 1898 decision gave that provision short shrift. But I think Scalia would be receptive to an act of Congress designed to solve a pressing national problem which is plainly not motivated by racial animus. And this would put the five liberal justices in a difficult position. Do they decide the case by following an 1898 precedent interpreting the 14th Amendment? They ended the last term by doing just the opposite, ruling that gay marriage was mandated by the 14th Amendment because the meaning of the text had evolved over time. If our current understanding of the concepts of “due process” and “equal protection” can evolve in a way that suits liberals, could it be that the citizenship clause can evolve in a way that reflects the border crisis and allows Congress to act accordingly? It would be a blockbuster decision.

— Howard Foster is a lawyer in Chicago.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
557040,"Religious Faith and Views of the President

By Reihan Salam — November 18, 2010

There’s a new report from Brookings on how religious beliefs shape the political environment. One of the findings highlighted by the authors is the following:

Much attention has been paid to the significant minority of Americans who say that President Obama is a Muslim. Rather than pose a question rooted in a falsehood, the PRRI survey sought instead to assess how Americans saw the president’s religious faith in relation to their own convictions. The survey found that 51 percent of Americans saw the president’s religious views as different from their own, including 16 percent who saw them as “somewhat” different and 35 percent who saw them as “very different.” Only 40 percent see the president’s religious beliefs as similar to their own, including only 12 percent who saw them as “very” similar. This question sharply divides Americans along racial lines: 74 percent of African-Americans see the president’s religious views as similar to their own, compared with just 35 percent of white Americans. We do not want to exaggerate the importance of these new religious divisions. Views on the nature of President Obama’s religious faith parallel political attitudes toward the president. Voters who are hostile to him on political grounds are likely to distance themselves from his views on other matters, including religion. In the PRRI survey, 94 percent of those who said Obama’s religious views were “very similar” to their own had a favorable view of the president. Among respondents who said his religious views were “very different” from their own, 78 percent had an unfavorable view of him. In addition, no one can ignore the fact that Obama is the nation’s first African-American president and that at least some part of the opposition he confronts is rooted in racial sentiments. These responses no doubt condition the attitudes of some toward the president’s religious faith.

I’m definitely not an expert on these matters, but my understanding is that President Obama’s spiritual mentor — the man who converted him to Christianity from what one might call secular humanism — was Jeremiah Wright, pastor emeritus of the Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago. The president broke with Wright in 2008 when some of his fiery sermons “went viral” and proved a serious political vulnerability. But until then, Barack Obama spoke very warmly of Wright, dedicating a book to him and celebrating his religious vision.

Yet it’s worth noting that Wright’s vision was rooted in the Black Liberation Theology tradition in Protestant Christianity, which is far from the most common African American vernacular religious tradition, though I assume it’s had at least some influence in the wider world.

James Cone, often described as one of the founders of Black liberation theology, gave an impressively upbeat characterization this tradition to Terry Gross on her popular NPR program. But there have been other interpretations, among them the notion that Black Liberation Theology is a critique of the dominant strands of Christianity. By definition, this suggests that followers of Wright and Cone have different views from a large majority of American Christians, and certainly from American Buddhists, Muslims, Jews, Jains, Sikhs, and atheists. Taken together, we have more than 51 percent of the population who don’t embrace Cone-style Black Liberation Theology.

The real puzzle is why so many Christians, including African American evangelicals who are not part of mainline churches shaped by Black Liberation Theology, believe that the president has religious views very similar to their own. It could be that feelings of racial solidarity are playing a significant role.

Speaking only for myself, I’m completely indifferent to the president’s religious views. I care far more about his actions. This is informed by the fact that my religious views are shared by an infinitesimally small number of Americans, and I hate the idea of being judged by that criterion. If he acts in a way that is consistent with a decent and humane ethical system, and I think he strives to do exactly that, I’m satisfied. My disagreements with him rest on how we approach policy questions, and to a lesser extent with his intellectual and rhetorical style.

But the idea that Americans should be scolded for believing that the president has religious views different from their own — and I should stress that this is not the view taken by the survey’s authors — strikes me as silly.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716626,"Given the scale of Europe’s economic crisis, you’d think Europe’s political leaders would be laser-focused on resolving the deeper causes of the debt challenges facing Greece, Spain, and Italy. But, alas, no. For amidst the drama threatening the single currency’s viability, prominent German politicians from the right and left last week joined the chorus of European leaders calling for the immediate implementation of something that has long been a hobby-horse of globalization skeptics: an EU-wide financial-transactions tax.

The basic idea (formally presented by the European Commission back in 2011) is to levy a tax on any transaction on financial instruments (securities, loans, deposits, derivatives, and various asset classes) between banks, hedge funds, insurance businesses, investment companies, and other financial organizations whenever one contracting party is located in the EU. Exchanges of shares and bonds would be taxed at a rate of 0.1 percent. Derivative contracts would incur a 0.01 percent rate.

Such levels don’t sound like much — until one realizes these taxes would apply to every such exchange (there are literally millions every day). Over time, the costs would add up. And, like all business taxes, the costs would be passed on to investors and consumers.

The tax’s ostensive goals are twofold: first, to make Europe’s financial sector contribute to paying the costs of a financial crisis which it allegedly helped precipitate; and, second, to introduce a European-wide “minimum tax rate” on financial transactions. That plays into realizing a long-cherished dream of EU apparatchiks: the elimination of tax competition within the EU.

#more#This particular suggestion has put Britain at odds with most other EU nations — so much so that Prime Minister David Cameron haseven threatened to veto the proposal. Quite understandably, Perfidious Albion isn’t keen to abandon its competitive edge over most continental European countries in the global financial industry. Because, as everyone knows, whenever EU politicians talk about harmonizing tax rates on anything, they always mean harmonizingtaxes upwards, rather than lowering them.

Then there are the admitted negative effects of financial-transaction taxes on wealth creation — an indispensable part of the solution to Europe’s debt problems. Even the European Commission concedes such a tax would likely have a negative impact on long-term growth, not least because it would increase the price of capital. But no matter, they say. It’s more important to reduce the potential for sudden, volatile capital movements that can turn market corrections into financial meltdowns.

In short, the EU’s transactions-tax scheme reflects a long-standing desire to “throw sand” in the wheels of financial globalization. Its origins lie in what’s called the “Tobin tax,” named after the American economist James Tobin, who argued in 1972 for the levying of a 0.5 percent tax on all spot-currency conversions. The point, for Tobin, was to discourage “speculators” who “invest their money in foreign exchange on a very short-term basis.”

Unfortunately for its advocates, there’s considerable evidence that Tobin-like taxes on financial transactions don’t reduce volatility. In the midst of financial crises, long-term and short-term investors behave in very much the same way — they get out, and transaction taxes don’t prevent them from abandoning ship. Greece, for example, currently applies a transaction tax to the sale of Greek-listed shares. That, however, isn’t doing much to prevent the present exodus of capital from Greece.

Taking the broader view, it’s hard to avoid concluding this latest EU harmonization boondoggle is about two things. First, it’s a way for EU officials and governments to appear to be punishing European financial institutions for their contributions to Europe’s economic crisis.

Second, it reflects the general European failure to come to grips with some of the deeper problems contributing to Europe’s debt crisis. Greece’s problems, for instance, have little to do with Greek banks per se. Among other things, Greece’s debt predicament flows from endemic political corruption, a bloated public sector, rampant tax evasion, and the falsification of statistics back in the early 2000s in order to accelerate Greece’s entry into the euro zone.

If Europe’s political masters were serious about reducing the risk of future financial crises, they would pay less attention to transaction taxes and instead focus upon how to minimize the systematic problems associated with moral hazard: i.e., the implicit guarantee that if banks and many other financial institutions take on excessive risk and fail, governments will bail them out.

No one denies that many European and American financial houses did silly things in the 2000s. But equally if not more destructive was the working assumption that financial stability would require the state to save them if they got into trouble. As a result, much of Europe’s financial landscape is presently littered with zombie banks. These essentially function as mechanisms for infusions of public money into the economy, rather than as private institutions focused upon efficiently allocating risk and private capital and whose long-term viability depends upon their ability to make a profit in the process.

All this, however, is besides the point in a continent in which the political class apparently believes that you simply can’t have enough taxes, no matter how high or counterproductive they may be. But as one European once remarked, “For a nation to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself up by the handle.” It’s a pity that contemporary European politicians don’t read more Churchill. They might learn something.

— Samuel Gregg is research director at the Acton Institute. He has authored several books including On Ordered Liberty, his prize-winning The Commercial Society, Wilhelm Röpke’s Political Economy,and his 2012 forthcomingBecoming Europe: Economic Decline, Culture, and America’s Future(Encounter Books).",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
427637,"Israeli voters on Tuesday sent Obama a two-word message, and it was not Shabbat shalom.​

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu defied pollsters’ predictions of impending doom and surged to a stunning victory. His Likud party’s strength in the Knesset swelled from 20 seats today to 30 in the incoming parliament. He is expected easily to build a majority coalition of at least 61 center-Rightists in the 120-member chamber.

Netanyahu’s election-eve promise to block a Palestinian state drove Likud members and other conservatives to the polls. Also helpful: Obama’s petulant and unconcealed disgust with America’s closest ally in the Middle East.

Recall that a senior Obama aide last October called Netanyahu “a chickens**t.” Another, also quoted in The Atlantic, called him a “coward.”

Early this month, Obama’s tantrums over the Israeli’s allegedly protocol-breaching speech to Congress — and the boycott of it by 58 Democrats — transformed what would have been a moderately reported talk into a momentous occasion, as anticipated and analyzed as a State of the Union address. Obama then rudely announced that he did not watch Netanyahu’s remarks and dismissed them as “nothing new.”

“The most durable boost to Bibi was the White House’s campaign against his congressional speech,” observed Dan Senor, co-author of Start-Up Nation, an inspiring volume on Israel’s entrepreneurial culture. “This did more to help Bibi consolidate the Right than anything.”

Obama claimed in September 2012 that he was too busy to meet Netanyahu, either in Washington or after Obama lectured the United Nations General Assembly. While in Manhattan, however, Obama found time to visit ABC’s The View. Co-host Whoopi Goldberg called him “eye candy.”

Obama again refused to see Netanyahu during the Israeli prime minister’s early-March trip to America, explaining that it might sway Israeli voters. Obama’s feigned, Swiss-style neutrality was, of course, a hoax.

The State Department already had contributed $$350,000 to the anti-Netanyahu One Voice Movement and its subsidiary, Victory 15 (or V-15). Obama’s 2012 national campaign director, Jeremy Bird, flew to Israel to lead this effort, which was supported by other Democratic strategists. A bipartisan U.S. Senate panel is probing this apparent abuse of taxpayer funds.

“People and foreign advisers and associations are going to hundreds of thousands of households” to rally Likud’s opponents, Netanyahu said on the stump. “The gap between Labor and Likud is based primarily on foreign funds that flow in vast quantities to leftist NGOs.”

This likely was the last straw for many Israelis sick of seeing their morally courageous leader slapped around by the juvenile Obama.

“The specter of leftists armed with foreign money helped convince right-wingers who hadn’t voted in years that the Right was in real danger of losing,” Times of Israel political analyst Haviv Gur says. “It is probably fair to say that V-15 got more right-wingers to the polls on Election Day than left-wingers.”

Unlike Secretary of State John Kerry and the leaders of Canada, Great Britain, and India, Obama did not promptly congratulate Netanyahu. After this triggered incessant criticism, Obama finally rang the Israeli premier late Thursday afternoon. In contrast, on the very day that each won power, Obama commended China’s Xi Jinping, Egypt’s now-deposed Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood, and Iran’s Hassan Rouhani.

Meanwhile, White House political director David Simas patted Israelis on their heads merely for voting, as if they were citizens of a banana republic escaping military rule. “We want to congratulate the Israeli people for the democratic process,” Simas said, “for the election that they just engaged in, with all the parties that engaged in that election.”​

“The U.S. government pressure and the negative campaign by V-15 and other outside groups boomeranged,” the Jerusalem Post’s Caroline Glick told me. “According to media commentators here, people were alienated from the message. As for Obama, Israelis don’t trust him. They were angry at the way he treated Bibi when he went to Washington and, in the end, rallied behind him. In a way, the biggest loser in this election was Obama.”

Obama must be riven by acid reflux. He aspired to be Bibi’s chief nemesis. Instead, he turned himself into Netanyahu’s secret weapon.​

— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a media fellow with the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution and Peace at Stanford University.

Note: This article has been revised since its initial publication.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
705352,"Yesterday, New York’s Catholic archbishop Timothy Dolan joined other religious leaders in a press conference to highlight New York’s shamefully high abortion rates. During the conference he renewed an offer to all pregnant women: The Catholic Church, with all our resources, will help you.

For the first time in my happy twenty-one months as a New Yorker, I am embarrassed to be a member of a cherished community I now — usually with a lot of pride — call home. That 41% of New York babies are aborted — a percentage even higher in the Bronx, and among our African-American babies in the womb — is downright chilling. This New York community is rightly celebrated for its warm welcome to immigrants, for its hospitality, sense of embrace and inclusion, and gritty sensitivity for those in need. But we are tragically letting down the tiniest, most fragile and vulnerable: the little baby in the womb. We have to do more than shiver over these chilling statistics! I invite all to come together to make abortion rare, a goal even those who work to expand the abortion license tell us they share. A quarter century ago, Cardinal John O’Connor publicly stated: “Any woman who is pregnant and in need can come to the Church and we will help you,” a pledge Cardinal Egan, and now I, reaffirm. Through our Catholic charities, our adoption services, our lobbying on behalf of pregnant women and mothers of infants, our support for life-giving alternatives to the decision all call tragic — abortion, — in our education of youth for healthy, responsible, virtuous sexual behavior, our health care, — we have done our best to keep that promise, … and these haunting statistics only prod us to keep at it. Mother Teresa remarked that the worst poverty was to take the life of a baby so we could live, as we want. New York does not deserve the gravestone, “Abortion capital of the world.” Our boast is the Statue of Liberty, not the “Grim Reaper.”

His statement was received with disgust in some quarters. NARAL, in response, blasted not the abortion rate but “these men” who “gathered to cast judgment on New York City’s abortion rate.” (Never mind that two of three organizers who talked to me in advance about the press conference were women.) We already know that the abortion industry wants us to pretend abortion is all fine and good for women, that it’s even a “responsible” “parenting decision”– as was presented on MTV right after Christmas.

But make no mistake — this isn’t just about hostility to men, or even hostility to the Catholic Church. The abortion industry is nervous — as pro-life women take to politics; as the House majority pledges to cut off federal funding of abortion, for real; as Mike Pence reintroduces in the House an effort to cut off federal funding to the profit-making Planned Parenthood. That’s why they attack Godsends like the Sisters of Life, one of the beacons of liberty and charity in New York’s archdiocese.

The Chiaroscuro Foundation, which helped organize the event, has set up a website addressing this shameful percentage. And, totally anticipating what NARAL and allies would say, it says:

We need to do what we can to empower women and couples to avoid unplanned pregnancies. We have been teaching our children for two generations that condoms and hormonal contraceptives will protect them from unwanted pregnancies. But two generations later, here in NYC well over half of pregnancies are unplanned. According to the Guttmacher Institute, 54% of women who obtain an abortion were using some form of contraceptive during the month in which they conceived.1 It is time to rethink the condoms-and-pills approach to avoiding unplanned pregnancies. Maybe it is time to reassert the simple fact that the last few generations seem to have tried to deny: sex makes babies. The fact is, sex is an extremely powerful natural force, not easily hemmed in. Contraceptive methods will always fail some percentage of the time. The unplanned, unwanted pregnancies which result keep our abortion rates so high. Some say it is unrealistic to expect young people to abstain from sex when they are not prepared to take responsibility for the potential consequences. Challenging it certainly is. But if we think we can’t expect young people to refrain from sex, why do we think we can expect them to use a contraceptive method consistently and effectively? We can choose the challenging path, or we can resign ourselves to high rates of abortion, STI’s and family breakdown. Finally, we need to strengthen family and community support systems which can help young parents and families make their way through life’s challenges. We need to strengthen church and community based marriage education, preparation and enrichment. We need to provide women and families with knowledge-based methods of achieving and avoiding pregnancy. If all of us, individuals, families, faith communities and community organizations, take a look around our neighborhoods to see what we can do to address New York City’s high abortion rate, little by little we can bring the numbers down.

This news, by the way, comes in the wake of a renewed attack on crisis pregnancy centers by New York’s City Council. Committed alternatives to abortion are a threat to the aging values of the sexual revolution, values that even hometown New York magazine has featured as a depressingly failed experiment.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
538632,"In an on-camera interview, Roger Gunson — the former L. A. District Attorney who in the 1970s prosecuted a sexual-assault case against famous filmmaker Roman Polanski — remarks on the theme, prominent in Polanski’s films, of corruption meeting innocence over water. Polanski’s violation of a 13-year-old girl during a photo shoot at the home of Jack Nicholson began in a hot tub. Fortunately for viewers, Gunson and Marina Zenovich — the director of the new documentary Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired — never overstate the connections between Polanski’s life and art, both of which are the stuff of dark human tragedy.

The documentary, which does a fine job of interweaving press footage, interviews, scenes from Polanski’s films, and Polanski home movies, revisits the legal proceedings surrounding Polanski’s celebrity trial in L.A in 1978. The title Wanted and Desired contrasts Polanski’s reception in the U.S. and in Europe. In France, where the director has lived for the last 30 years, he is a celebrated artist, viewed as “tragic and brilliant.” In the U.S., meanwhile, he has been seen as a “malignant and twisted” fugitive from justice.

In interview footage included in the film, Polanski traces his rough relations with the U.S. press to the coverage that followed the murder of his pregnant wife, Sharon Tate, by members of the Manson family. In the immediate aftermath of that brutal slaying, captured in horrifyingly vivid detail in Vincent Bugliosi’s Helter Skelter, Polanski was suspected of involvement and the press circulated lurid rumors about orgies and drug use that made it seem as if the victim had brought her demise upon herself.

Long before the Manson murders put him at the center of one of the most notorious crimes in American history, Polanksi’s life was scarred by evil and loss. Of Polish origin, Polanski’s mother was killed in the Holocaust, but he survived when his father pushed him through the barbed wire of a camp, after which he lived alone in Krakow and Warsaw, dependent upon the assistance of strangers. The Holocaust is the setting for one of the latest films in his career, The Pianist (2002), for which he won the Best Director Oscar . . . in absentia.

The irresolution of Polanski’s trial and his flight from American just before final sentencing are the focus of Wanted and Desired. Although the basic facts of the case are not disputed, there is disagreement between assailant and victim as to words and deeds. The documentary gives a great deal of time to interviews with the victim, who now regards Polanski more with pity than vengeance. She herself rails against the judge, Laurence Rittenband, for using the trial to advance his own celebrity. Polanski is initially sent for a 90-day diagnostic study at that state prison in Chino, California. The defense and prosecution expect that, after he had served this time, he would be released on probation with time served in Chino. But he serves only 42 days there and the wrist-slap penalty irks both law enforcement and the press.

With his final sentence still to be determined, he is released to continue work on a film. Then, newspaper pictures surface from a party of a buoyant Polanski, flanked by two young females. Rittenband takes this as a personal insult, but he is by now trapped in his own all-too-clever attempts to advance his own reputation. In addition to proposing to lead counsel questionable judicial moves, Rittenband held press conferences and asked reporters for advice on sentencing. He comes under fire not just from the defense attorney but even from the prosecutor. Both defense and prosecution agree that the judge cannot be trusted. Once Polanski learns of this, he flees the country.

Despite the documentary’s quite reasonable attention to the misbehavior of the judge, one of the troubling features is that Polanski never quite comes to terms with his own wrongdoing. One of the investigators, Phillip Vannatter (remember him from the O.J. Simpson trial?) comments that, during initial questioning, Polanski never seemed to perceive that having sex with a 13-year-old was problematic. And that brings us back in a sense to the divided assessment of Polanski in America and Europe. In the latter, he is celebrated for his artistic prowess while his amorality is dismissed (or even celebrated), while in the former he has never reached a high level of celebrity for his films and is remembered mostly for the evils he has suffered and perpetrated.



But what, at this point, should we make of Polanski’s work? Much of it holds up pretty well.

His early films still merit attention: for example, Knife in the Water (1962), a clever low-budget thriller set on a boat and featuring only three characters, and Repulsion (1965), starring Catherine Deneuve as a woman driven by unknown, internal forces to psychological meltdown and horrific violence. He is perhaps best known in American popular culture for Rosemary’s Baby (1968), a film set at the Dakota, a building on Central Park West that would later be the site of John Lennon’s murder. The Satanic thriller, which predates both The Exorcist and The Omen, contains moments of genuine terror — even if Polanski (with Best Supporting Actress Ruth Gordon’s help) nearly turns Ira Levin’s dramatic investigation of evil into something of a dark comedy.

For my money, two Polanski films, produced in the years following the Manson murders, rise to the top. The first is The Tragedy of Macbeth (1971), which depicts a society awash in blood and a main character gripped and undone by the horror of his own deeds. Second but above them all is Chinatown (1974), the greatest of the neo-noir films and the one that almost single-handedly gave birth to the genre.

Polanski has a penchant for stories that depict evil as inexplicable and pervasive. One might be tempted to think of Polanski as a sort of Nietzschean artist, who seeks through art to give shape and form to the irrational violence and fundamental chaos of things. But he is both less ambitious and more cynical than Nietzsche. In his films, there is no possibility of renewal or transformation. In The Tragedy of Macbeth, for example, Polanski alters Shakespeare’s ending, an ending that celebrates the restoration of order, so as to suggest that the witches, who had tempted Macbeth to the murder of the king, are still in control. The ending of Chinatown is rewritten to preclude any possibility of escape or hope for the most sympathetic characters in the film. As many critics have noted, classic film noir seems almost sunny by comparison with Polanski’s utterly despairing if brilliant neo-noir effort.

With Nietzsche’s emphasis on the restorative power of Greek tragedy in mind, we might note the echoes of Oedipus Rex in Chinatown. This too is a land suffering from a curse, a modern drought; it is also a film that sees unnatural acts as exemplified in incest. Unlike Oedipus Rex, however, here the main culprit of the disorder is not blinded and humiliated but is rather rewarded, while those who recognize the disorder and attempt to eliminate or at least flee it are destroyed. Regeneration is impossible. To what extent these macabre and despairing visions of the human condition can be traced to Polanski’s biography is a question that Wanted and Desired, prudently perhaps, refuses to try to answer. It may also be beside the point. Works of art are what they are no matter their source in the psyche of the artist. Yet, the parallels between Polanski’s life and art, to which the documentary at times points, remain both tantalizing and horrifying.

– Thomas S. Hibbs is distinguished professor of ethics and culture at Baylor University and author of Arts of Darkness.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
604029,"Plus one article on Google Plus

If you're focused on the Middle East, you're likely to be more anti-Hillary.

The Middle East Forum sent out a questionnaire under my name on April 5 to its mailing lists asking a single question: “How do you see Donald Trump as the Republican party’s presidential candidate?” We then offered four replies:

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain — Trump, with enthusiasm

#BetterTrumpThanHillary — Trump, but not happy about it

#NeverTrump — Anyone but Donald Trump

No opinion

We let the straw poll run for five days and received 3,637 replies. Of these, 23 percent express enthusiasm for Trump, 42 percent unhappily prefer him to Hillary, and 32 percent say no, never.

Some observations about these results:

1. From a macro point of view, this is a rough split into thirds, pointing to the supreme divisiveness of Trump’s candidacy.

2. The one-fifth for Trump roughly equals the national average, where he gets about two-fifths of the Republican vote and close to zero of the Democratic one.

3. Nearly two-thirds of our audience would vote for Trump in the general election, a much larger number than expected and completely out of line with national polling. This points to vehement anti-Hillary sentiments among Middle East Forum readers.

4. Assuming that our readership is more engaged with Middle Eastern and Islamic issues, this discrepancy from national polls suggests that citizens focused on such issues as Israel, Iran, Islamism, and the price of energy mistrust the former secretary of state far more than does the electorate as a whole.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
697873,"Here are two gems from across the pond today, providing food for thought.

First, I got an early glimpse at a blog post coming from the invaluable Roger Helmer, MEP, on the absurdity of the U.S. calling carbon dioxide — or maybe just some of it — a “pollutant,” a designation that President-elect Obama has indicated he will make a priority. Read this and remember that these are the same people who gnashed teeth and rent their clothes over designating ketchup a vegetable.

Second, OpenEurope’s daily briefing cites three press reports about warnings by a panel in the UK that the EU’s anti-coal battiness — also soon to visit our own shores courtesy of President “Bankrupt ‘em” Obama — has them on track for the lights going out in as few as five years.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
701396,"Jonah wants me to stop playing hookie and weigh in on the status an ANWR. I’m trying to get a book written, Jonah! Cornering, as you should know, interferes with this in a big way.

Anyway, I make a point of ignoring the daily wiggles of the energy bill (or almost any large bill on Congress for that matter) on the grounds that life is too short. The larger the bill, the more nonsense subsidies it is bound to include. I believe your last correspondent is correct that ANWR was moved to the budget bill to get around the filibuster, but is the budget bill actually going to be adopted as written, or are we going to get CR resolutions instead, which would likely strip out ANWR? And even if ANWR passes with the budget watch for lawsuits for several years to slow the thing down. The ANWR game won’t be over until the first test well is drilled. I expect we’ll see volcano lancing before oil production from ANWR.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330342,"James Fallows’s Hyper-Silly Defense

By Peter Wehner — December 4, 2009

I took James Fallows to task for his double standard in excoriating former Vice President Dick Cheney for Cheney’s critical comments about President Obama despite having remained silent when former vice president Al Gore leveled many worse, ad hominem attacks on President George W. Bush.

Mr. Fallows apparently heard from others as well. He has now attempted to justify his double standard — and in doing so, he has only made things worse for himself.

The explanation Fallows offers is based on what he calls a “hyper-literal” defense. According to Fallows, the “important differences between the comportment of previous ex-Presidents and Vice Presidents who have gotten re-involved in political discussions and what we have seen in the past year from Dick Cheney” have to do with two things: In previous cases, the former officials have waited well over a year before criticizing the policies of their successors; and in previous cases, former presidents and vice presidents have been slow to question the character, loyalty, or patriotism of their successors, as Cheney “has unmistakably done with Obama.”

This is not a “hyper-literal” defense; it is a hyper-silly one.

For one thing, the statue of limitations on criticism that Fallows employs is completely arbitrary. The basis for it seems to be whatever justifies Fallows’s point of view. Apparently our new civic standard — let’s call it the Fallows Standard — is that there must be a one-year waiting period before unleashing angry, hyper-partisan, vitriolic attacks in polite society. After that, you’re off the hook.

I would wager a good deal of money, though, that if Joe Biden were to attack a Republican successor to Barack Obama eight months after the new administration took office, the new Fallows Standard would become a six-month moratorium on criticism. One of the virtues of the Fallows Standard is its flexibility.

In addition, what Gore said about President Bush — calling him a “moral coward” and saying Bush had “betrayed this country” and “brought deep dishonor” to it — is far worse than anything Cheney has said about President Obama. (And I say that as someone who thinks it’s not fair to argue that Obama’s Afghanistan decision was made for “small ‘p’ political reasons”; in fact, that decision represents the first time President Obama has stood up to his liberal base, and he deserves credit for it.)

Another factor to take into account is that Obama has been much more critical, graceless, and small-minded in his attacks on his predecessor than either Bush or Bill Clinton was. So Dick Cheney has more reason to speak out, and to speak out sooner, than most previous vice presidents.

Let’s employ Occam’s Razor. The truth is that partisanship and a dogmatic (and liberal) cast of mind explain Fallows’s double standard. His outrage is selective (he still has not taken Gore to task for his ugly attacks on Bush). And Fallows’s effort to justify himself is comical. Whether for reasons of self-delusion or something else, Fallows is hiding what is really at play.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241999,"Tuition Tax Credits Are the Best Path to More School Choice

Legislation implementing them at the federal level could stifle the liberal special interests determined to keep failing schools afloat.

By Jonathan S. Tobin — February 22, 2017

Amid the ongoing media circus that dominates coverage of the Trump administration, it may be a surprise to learn that serious policy changes appear in the offing. It isn’t as sexy as hyperbolic debates about the White House’s war with the media, but behind the scenes, an effort to help poor and middle-class kids gain access to better schools seems set to transform American education. Though the same forces that nearly derailed Betsy DeVos’s nomination as secretary of education will gear up to stop any effort to expand school choice, they may find it hard to keep her from duplicating one of her prior successes: a tuition-tax-credit program.

The plan involves a scheme that has had some success on the state level. It would give individuals and corporations a tax deduction for contributions to funds that provide scholarships for children to attend private and parochial schools from kindergarten through twelfth grade. Some 17 states have allowed similar deductions, and the result has been expanded school choice for low- and middle-income families stuck in districts with failing public schools. A bill implementing such a program at the federal level could also provide incentives for the other 33 states to create their own tax-credit plans.

Tuition tax credits are the smartest way to expand choice. As opposed to traditional vouchers, which directly allocate government funds to private schools, tax credits allow taxpayers to make their own decisions about backing scholarship programs, and are thus an easier sell to voters. But that won’t lessen the opposition from the teachers’ unions and liberal ideologues who are prepared to fight tooth-and-nail against any effort to break up the government monopoly that subsidizes failing public schools.

Though the Left blasted DeVos as unqualified during her confirmation fight, her role in pushing for tax credits during her time working on the board of the Foundation for Excellence in Education, a non-profit founded by Jeb Bush, speaks to her vision for helping kids. FEE played a major role in creating a successful tax-credit program in Florida that has already helped 97,000 low- and middle-income students. Approximately 70 percent of those students were black or Hispanic. Most came from urban districts and used the program’s $$6,000 in scholarship money to attend private and religious schools that were clearly superior to the public ones they left. And that’s exactly why the unions want to stifle such programs: Their success in freeing kids from failing schools are a threat to public-school teachers’ bottom line.

Opponents of tax credits argue that they are a first step toward a full-fledged effort to allow parents to choose where their kids are educated regardless of their income level. More to the point, they think these deductions are a “theft” of taxpayer money that would otherwise go to public schools. But the money used here is not the property of the government, notwithstanding the claims of those who believe all income is in some sense the property of the state and we get to keep only as much of our earnings as the government allows. That, after all, is the basic premise of arguments that tax credits raid the coffers of government and its institutions.

Though it will rail at any effort to give parents more options, however, the Left may be powerless to stop tax credits. While there are almost certainly enough Democrats to filibuster any new educational-opportunities bill in the Senate, the measure could be passed via the budget-reconciliation process, which requires only a simple-majority vote. That gives congressional Republicans a golden opportunity to make this one of their first real accomplishments of 2017.

Apart from the inevitable liberal outrage, the plan may face opposition from GOP budget hawks who oppose on principle any new tax deductions that further complicate a system they rightly seek to simplify, and from conservatives wary of any measure that would expand federal involvement in education. But though those are serious arguments, the stakes are high enough that the GOP caucus should ignore them, and invest some of its rapidly dwindling political capital on an idea that could begin the process of fundamental education reform.

The question is whether the Trump administration is really willing to make good on its promises of education reform and, just as important, to help inner-city minorities that have been neglected by the liberal Democratic establishment that claims to represent their interests. Passing a tax-credit bill would be a great way for congressional Republicans and the president to prove that they meant what they said about providing a path to opportunity for children who desperately need one.

— Jonathan S. Tobin is a contributor to National Review Online. Follow him on Twitter @jonathans_tobin.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657794,"If it concerns sex in any way, you can be sure that our culture will fixate on it and manage to defy common sense with hyperventilating indignation. Same-sex marriage roiled the waters for decades, but now that the Supreme Court has big-footed that question, culture warriors are prowling for new realms of transgression to embrace. So, coming to a bathroom near you — transgenderism.

I’m just back from a weekend at Harvard University where unisex bathrooms are the norm. On behalf of womankind, I say: To the Bathroom Barricades!

Bathroom injustice has been a feature of the world for a very long time. Ask any woman. Most buildings feature equal-size bathrooms for the two sexes — an automatic disadvantage for women who cannot use urinals (at least as of this writing). At every concert, stadium, lecture hall, or large meeting room, the line for the ladies’ room will usually curl out the door and around corners while the men breeze through their facility with assembly-line efficiency. The only building in Washington, D.C. I know of where this is not the case is Constitution Hall, built by and for the Daughters of the American Revolution. Constitution Hall has twice the number of women’s bathrooms as men’s. Revolutionary indeed.

Some opponents of permitting “transgender” individuals to use the bathroom of their subjective feelings rather than their biology point to the risk of sexual assault. That seems a negligible risk. Hard to imagine rapists donning skirts the better to grab women in a ladies’ room surrounded by female witnesses. But the trans-bathroom movement offends in other ways.

RELATED: The New Sexual Ideology Wins Another Skirmish

Gender-neutral bathrooms are nothing new. We use them on airplanes and trains all the time. At the risk of offending some men, there are two things that should be said about this. First, we women hate using unisex public bathrooms. Men are messy. They leave the seat up most of the time, and sometimes fail to raise it in the first place, if you get my drift. Sure, some women are also unsanitary — but fewer. One survey found that 62 percent of men, but only 40 percent of women failed to wash their hands after using the toilet.

Second, airplane bathrooms are single-use and thus don’t raise privacy/modesty concerns (I know, I’ve heard those urban legends, too, but leave that aside). A locker room, dressing room, or larger public bathroom is a different matter. Outside of stalls, women in public restrooms change their clothes, adjust their undergarments, purchase supplies from vending machines geared toward women, and otherwise engage in activities they would be uncomfortable conducting under the eyes of a male (even one who feels himself to be female or who aspires to be female after years of surgery, depilatories, and hormonal dousings).

People with gender dysphoria, like those with other psychological ailments, doubtless feel miserable much of the time, and competent professionals should treat them. The former chief of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins University, Dr. Paul McHugh, has studied the matter for decades and opposes “gender-reassignment surgery.”

In most areas of life, when someone holds a view of himself that is at odds with reality — McHugh offers the example of people with “body dysmorphic disorder” who falsely believe themselves to be horribly ugly — psychiatry offers therapy to cure them of their mistaken perception. Only in the area of sex does the profession, and the larger society, lose its grip on reason completely and declare that any and all delusions, wishes, hopes, and behaviors are to be ratified and even celebrated in the name of non-discrimination.

RELATED: Turning America Upside Down for the Transgendered

We’ve become so discombobulated that perfectly intelligent people will say, without noticing the contradiction, that homosexual behavior is an inborn trait, but the “male/female binary” is a socially constructed fiction.

The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals has now ruled that a “transgender” 17-year-old must be permitted to use the bathroom of her imagined “gender identity” rather than her sex. “It’s easy to forget that these debates are about personal dignity,” scolded the New York Times.

There is nothing dignified about ratifying an unhappy person’s tragic misperception. What if the young person considered herself African American like Rachel Dolezal? Should she get preferences in college admission? Or what about Danny Almonte, who was 14 when he starred in the 2001 Little League tournament? If he felt 12, does that make it ok?

When you figure that out, culture warriors, let us know. In the meanwhile, hands off the ladies’ rooms.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702279,"My friend Steven Hayward isn’t exactly for Gingrich’s nomination. He just thinks we ought to consider the possibility that he might turn out to be a great statesman — just as Churchill did, even though people criticized him in terms similar to the ones Gingrich’s critics use. “[W]e cannot prospectively identify those whom we will later come to laud as great statesmen.” He wonders whether we need someone unconventional given the special challenges of our time. And he thinks it’s possible that Gingrich has learned lessons from his earlier failures, as Churchill did.

These strike me as equally good arguments for giving the presidential nomination to Alan Keyes. People have called him grandiose and erratic, just as they said of Churchill. We can’t rule out with 100 percent confidence that he will be a fine statesman. He is certainly unconventional. And we can’t rule out the possibility that he has learned from his mistakes.

If Hayward for some unaccountable reason prefers the more conventional choice of Gingrich, though, I’d love to see a follow-up. Presumably in this analogy it’s the country’s economic slump, overextended government, and debt crisis that are the equivalent of the Nazi challenge Churchill faced. I don’t know a fifth of what Hayward does about Churchill’s career, so perhaps he can let me know: Did Churchill ever take $$1.6 million to cheerlead for the enemy? Or attack attempts to fight the enemy as too “radical”?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
323706,"Having lost control of both houses of Congress, having been effectively wiped out in the South, and having ceded control of most of the states to the Republican party, some Democrats in Congress are hoping to lick their wounds and pivot to . . . gun control?

Per The Hill:

Gun control advocates in Congress are looking to revive failed legislation strengthening background check regulations. A handful of Democratic lawmakers said Tuesday they plan to push once again for universal background checks on all gun sales in the new Congress, even though they recognize it will be an uphill battle with Republicans taking majority control.

As per usual, the push will be accompanied by a parade of lies:

Background check legislation failed to gain traction in the outgoing Congress despite a string of high-profile school shootings that gun control advocates had hoped would turn the political tide in their favor. They say it’s only a matter of time. “When you don’t pass background checks, it’s just much more likely that someone will get their hands on an illegal gun and use it to kill their neighbors or their classmates,” said Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.).

This, I’m afraid, is nonsense. Such as it is, the case for extending background checks to private sales rests upon the presumption that the involvement of the state will lead to fewer felons getting their hands on firearms, and that the number of guns that are available to criminals will therefore diminish. The problem at hand, advocates claim, is that entirely well-meaning gun owners have no way of knowing whether or not the person they are selling to is prohibited from owning a gun. Sure, they concede, it is already illegal for anybody to transfer a firearm to a person who isn’t allowed to own one. But, as of now, the law only requires the seller to believe that he is engaging with an honest man. Consequently, we need background checks to prevent honest mistakes that lead to deleterious results. These checks, moreover, have to be imposed nationally. Why? Well, because otherwise criminals will merely source their guns from areas without restrictions and then move them around the country on the black market.

Given the sloppy, cynical, and intrusive manner in which such regulations tend to be written, I am extremely skeptical of this argument and of the sort of legislation that it usually yields. Still, whatever your view on the issue, you should at least be irritated when a public official tells you a blatant lie, as Chris Murphy is seen doing in the article quoted above. At a stretch, Murphy’s claim that an illegal gun might be used to kill your “neighbor” can be woven into his broader theory. But he cannot propose in good faith that background checks on private sales are likely to reduce the number of school shootings in the United States.

For a start, school-shooters are almost always too young to buy, receive, or possess a weapon of any kind, however that weapon is obtained. Furthermore, whether a mass shooter is young or old, in almost no instances does he obtain his firearm via an unchecked private sale. Indeed, a review of mass shootings in the last two decades reveals that killers invariably a) buy their weapons from a dealer and pass a background check in the process; b) steal a weapon from its legal owner; c) take a weapon from a family member or a friend; or, very occasionally, d) buy a gun on the black market, away from all regulations and all oversight. The number of instances in which a mass shooter has obtained a firearm via an unchecked private sale is absolutely tiny – to the extent that it is reasonable to say that the the two issues are unrelated. We could pass federal background check extensions tomorrow and it would still be the case that younger people would remain legally unaffected and older people would remain practically unaffected. The link that Senator Murphy draws simply isn’t there.

Why, then, does he continue to connect the two? Alas, the answer is simple: Because he knows full well that the only way that he will be able to muster public support for new gun control measures is to pretend that they will stop another Newtown. And so, after each and every shooting, we see progressives roll out the reforms that they have wanted all along but sell them as if they are tailored solutions that will prevent the event that was just in the news. Now, is this clever? Certainly. Is it effective? Temporarily, yes. But it is also wildly dishonest.

Funnily enough, a few moments before I found the story in The Hill, I’d just finished reading Tim Carney’s piece on the Democratic party and its diminishing fortunes in the South. “Democrats,” Carney argues, have “waged a culture war against the South, trying to force Southerners to stop “clinging” to their guns and to God.” As evidence for this, Carney points to some sadly typical attitudes within the media and the political class at large:

The best explanation comes from the mouth of President Obama himself. Speaking to San Francisco donors in 2008 about white voters in the Midwest, Obama lucidly expressed his low opinion of all non-rich voters in flyover country: “they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion.” Naturally, Democrats and the Left have tried to pry Southerners away from their guns and religion. Gun control has largely been a culture war effort for Democrats. “Some of the southern areas have cultures that we have to overcome,” was Congressman Charles Rangel’s explanation for why gun control was both needed and difficult. The Washington Post’s Gene Weingarten cursed the Second Amendment as “the refuge of bumpkins and yeehaws who like to think they are protecting their homes against imagined swarthy marauders desperate to steal their flea-bitten sofas from their rotting front porches.”

Does the party really want to follow Chris Murphy over this cliff?

Perhaps so.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
593296,"From the New York Times:

The top commanders of Turkey’s military resigned suddenly and en masse on Friday, the semi-official Anatolian News Agency reported, in a dramatic signal of deepening tensions between the armed forces and the country’s Islamic-rooted government.

The military chief of staff, Isik Kosaner, sent a letter of resignation to the prime minister’s office on Friday, the agency said, without elaborating on his reason. The commanders of the country’s navy, army and air force followed shortly after with their own letters, the news agency said.

Earlier on Friday, Mr. Kosaner met with the prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, and President Abdullah Gul, according to local media reports. Mr. Kosaner as well as the army commander, Gen. Erdal Ceylanoglu; the navy chief, Adm. Esref Ugur Yigit; and the commander of the air force, Gen. Hasan Aksay, stepped down following that meeting, according to an account in the daily Hurriyet.

It was not immediately clear why the country’s top military leaders would resign all at once. The Associated Press reported that the move came only hours after 22 people, including several generals and officers, were charged in a campaign on the Internet to undermine the civilian government.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330062,"Confirmations

By Peter Wehner — September 17, 2007

In her post, Kate agrees with me that it’s “right to tout Judge Mukasey’s early favorable reviews from respected conservatives, including our own indispensable Andy McCarthy” – but I lose Kate when I argue that it is “especially important and helpful” to have an Attorney General who is confirmed by a wide margin because “he will have greater credibility when it comes to advocating for the tools that we need to keep the United States safe from attack.” Kate points out that General Petraeus was confirmed unanimously by the Senate and, she writes, “many of those Senators who voted ‘aye’ just months ago now deny that the good General has any credibility at all.”

But it strikes me the Petraeus example strengthens my point. Last week, in the debate between Petraeus and leading Democrats, it was a wipe-out: Petraeus won. And one of the reasons he won — apart from his compelling testimony — is that Republicans were able to point out that Petraeus was confirmed by a unanimous vote in the Senate earlier this year and he was widely praised by Democrats. We heard that point made repeatedly because it was effective. For Democrats to then go after General Petraeus because (a) he’s succeeding and (b) he’s giving an honest assessment of his success deeply hurt Democrats. It explains in part why the attacks against Petraeus blew up in their faces, and why they have decided going after him was an insane idea.

To put it another way: the unanimous support David Petraeus received in January helped him in September.

As a general matter, an Attorney General who is confirmed with 85 votes instead of 51 votes is in a stronger position — and other things being equal I would rather have an AG who was confirmed by an overwhelming margin advocate for the Patriot Act than have an AG who was barely confirmed advocate for the Patriot Act. Now if the cost of the 34 additional votes is you get a nominee who is unwilling to “do much of anything” on behalf of important causes, then it’s clearly not worth the wider margin (think of someone like Ted Bell, President Reagan’s first Secretary of Education, confirmed by the Senate by a 90-2 vote). But if you can get a person who is both principled and receives broad Senate support (think William Bennett, President Reagan’s second Secretary of Education, confirmed 93-0), that’s all to the good. Then it means you’ve made a smart, effective pick.

Hard-fought confirmation battles are sometimes inevitable and worth the price — but it is not the only, or even the best, measure when it comes to judging the qualifications of an individual. I believe Judge Mukasey was a wise choice because I believe he’ll be principled, effective, and conservative — and easily confirmed. And the fact that his confirmation may not qualify as a “hard-fought battle” should not count as a strike against him. As I pointed out in my earlier post, Antonin Scalia – arguably the best and most important appointment of the Reagan years – was confirmed 98-0. Jeane Kirkpatrick was confirmed 81-0. Caspar Weinberger was confirmed 97-2. Et cetera.

We all know that sometimes principled conservatives are made to pay a huge personal and political price, for reasons that are deeply unfair. But being a principled conservative doesn’t always mean one is politically radioactive, either. We shouldn’t run away from political brawls when they are necessary – but neither should we suggest that every worthy nominee will precipitate a pitched confirmation battle.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330303,"Fox News vs. MSNBC

By Peter Wehner — March 12, 2009

Kathryn, I wanted to piggyback on your link to the Ari Fleischer vs. Chris Matthews exchange. I thought Ari destroyed Matthews, and did so in a calm, factual, reasoned way. Matthews is loud, obnoxious, terribly ill-informed, and has a crush on Barack Obama — all of which are reasons why Matthews is perfect to host a program on MSNBC. I can’t help but notice, by the way, that the ratings for primetime shows on Fox News have skyrocketed during the Age of Obama. According to the latest ratings, Fox has the six top-rated cable news shows — hosted by Bill O’Reilly, Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck, Bret Baier, Shepard Smith, and Greta Van Susteren — each which draws 2 million viewers or more (Van Susteren drew a few dozen viewers short of 2 million). MSNBC’s top-rated shows rank ninth (Rachel Maddow) and eleventh (Keith Olbermann), with Olbermann drawing just over 900,000 viewers. And Chris Matthews doesn’t crack the top eleven rated programs. Perhaps this is evidence that MSNBC, which during the last few years have existed on embers of hate and resentment, is increasingly passé; Bush Derangement Syndrome is less interesting when Bush has left the stage. Secondly, the number of people who watched Ari slam Matthews could roughly fit in the size of a football stadium.

Chris Matthews long ago became a joke; what seems clear is that he’s an increasingly obscure one.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657061,"The Courage of our Cultural Convictions

America must rededicate itself to the Founders’ brave self-determination.

By Ben Carson — October 15, 2014

It should come as no surprise to most thinking people that Wal-Mart, like many other large employers, recently announced it would be suspending health-care benefits for part-time workers. This is really a double hit on workers: In many cases, they previously had full-time jobs with 40-hour workweeks before being reduced to part-time status and now losing their health benefits.

The “Affordable Care Act,” which probably seems less affordable to most Americans as we find out more about it, is the cause of this unnecessary misery. When the employer mandate, which is part of Obamacare, is activated early next year, tens of millions more Americans will face dramatic hikes in the cost of the health care they currently receive or will lose it altogether. The current administration understood that this would happen, which occasioned the issuing of several executive orders delaying the implementation of the employer mandate until after the November 2014 elections.

The thing that is most disturbing to me about this government-manufactured attack on the well-being of hardworking American citizens is the apparent contempt for the intelligence of the American populace. These kinds of maneuvers assume that many citizens are not bright enough to realize they are being manipulated politically and that things that impact them so negatively are being pushed off until after an election, when they willingly give their votes to the very people who are using them.

The same slick politicians who convinced large portions of the populace that Obamacare would be the panacea for all of their medical needs, and that you could keep your doctor and your insurance if you were satisfied with them, also told us that the IRS scandal was phony and that pertinent records and e-mails coincidentally disappeared from the computers of the main people under suspicion. They also want people to believe the tragedy in Benghazi was the result of an inflammatory video and that anyone questioning the veracity of such a scenario is clearly a partisan troublemaker who dislikes the current administration.

The list of problems is too long for this article, but any objective individual would not have a difficult time understanding that Americans are faced with a less than honest government, as well as a press that has forgotten why it is protected by the First Amendment. The Founders envisioned the press as an ally of the people, rather than an arm of a political ideology. All of us, including the press, must learn the difference between policies that are pro-America and anti-America, and to recognize those that are meant to benefit a particular party.

This situation leaves “we the people” with an incredibly important choice regarding our relationship with those who govern us. We can go along to get along and make sure that no one calls us a nasty name or challenges our comfort — or, like the patriots who preceded us, we can embrace the values and principles that once gave us a strong identity as a can-do nation with strong faith and compassion.

Those are the values that allowed a ragtag army during the American Revolution to defeat the most powerful military force on Earth. They did not possess a superior fighting force or ingenious strategies, but they did hold strong beliefs for which they were willing to die, while the British soldiers were just following orders. That same kind of conviction today could lead us to become informed voters and courageously exercise the powers vested in us.

Historically, during great cultural clashes, those with strong convictions and beliefs have overcome those with weak convictions, who have lost their identity. We are now involved in a worldwide conflict with forces that wish to destroy America and our way of life. We can capitulate to the forces of political correctness and surrender everything that made us strong and unique for the sake of not offending anyone, or we can proudly embrace the values and principles that made us great, honor our Constitution, and place our trust in God. This is our best safeguard.

— Ben Carson is professor emeritus of neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins University and author of the new book One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America’s Future. © 2014 The Washington Times. Distributed by Creators.com",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
605329,"The troubled academic study of the Middle East and Islam by Americans is changing in fundamental ways. I offer some thoughts based on 42 years of personal observation.

From Western offense to Islamic offense: Muslim relations with Christians divide into four long periods: from Muhammad’s hijra to the First Crusade, 622–1099, during which time Muslims expanded at Christian expense; to the second siege of Vienna, 1099–1683, which saw a mix of Muslim advances (e.g., Anatolia) and retreats (Iberia); to the Arab oil boycott, 1683–1973, with Christians on the offense; and since 1973, with Muslims on the offense.

When I entered the Middle East and Islam field in 1969, Americans looked almost exclusively at the Western impact on modern Muslims; today, the Muslim impact on the West features almost as prominently, from American slavery to the problems of Malmö, Sweden.

From Arab to Muslim: Books on “the Arabs,” “the Arab world,” “Arab politics,” “Arab nationalism,”and “Arab socialism” flew off the press during my student years. With time, however, the hollowness of this modern concept of Arabs became evident. I was one of those who argued for Islam as the real defining factor, devoting myself 30 years ago to proving that “Islam profoundly shapes the political attitudes of Muslims.” Met with skepticism back then, this understanding has now become so blindingly self-evident that Amazon.com lists no fewer than 3,077 items in English on jihad.

From critical to apologetic writing: Little did I know, but taking up Islamic history when I did meant slipping in before the deluge of revisionism. Back in 1969, scholars respected Islamic civilization while usually (but not always) maintaining a proudly Western outlook. Symbolic of old-fashioned learning, my first Middle East history professor assigned us Julius Wellhausen’s study, Das arabische Reich und sein Sturz (in English translation to be sure), published in 1902.

Then came the revolution. Martin Kramer ascribes the changes in Middle East studies to the publication of Orientalism by Edward Said in 1978; I see it more resulting from the sharp leftward turn of universities. Whatever the cause, the field descended into revisionist, apologetic, jargon-laden, error-prone Third Worldism.

The old masters dropped off of syllabi. The Hartford Seminary rapidly “turned from being the premier Protestant seminary for missions to the Muslim world into an institution promoting Islamization.” The academic understanding of jihad epitomizes this transformation: In a single generation, jihad went from being interpreted as aggressive warfare to moral self-improvement. Academics took their biased and shoddy work into government.

Academic work has sometimes become a near-parody of itself, with specialists proving such absurdities as: Ancient Israeli history is a creation of modern Zionist propaganda; the Islamist movement already failed by 1992; concerns over water drive the Arab–Israeli conflict; and homosexuals do not exist in the Middle East. As maudlin obituaries to Said suggest, many specialists remain in his malign thrall.

From public indifference to engagement: The Middle East was politically prominent well before 2001 thanks to Cold War tensions, oil exports, the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the Iranian revolution. But American popular interest in the region remained modest until 9/11 and the subsequent wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. That surge of interest led to a wide awareness about the inadequacy of academic work. With the help of sophisticated critiques like Kramer’s, plus organizations such as Campus Watch, the public has become actively involved in opposing radical Middle East specialists, for example through activism to deny them tenure. One finds no parallel in other fields.

From trendy to retro: Another response to this failure consists of authors — often from outside the academy — harking back to pre-1980 scholarship to understand the region. Ibn Warraq, a pseudonymous ex-Muslim, published a sequence of books on the life of Muhammad, the origins of the Koran, its variants, and meaning, all of them premised on generations-old writings. Andrew Bostom, a medical researcher, anthologized significant portions of pre-1980 scholarship on jihad and anti-Semitism. Historian Efraim Karsh wrote Islamic Imperialism, which argues that Islam’s expansionist tendencies have driven the religion since Mohammad’s wars.

These old-fashioned books are yet few in number compared to the cascade of revisionism, but they mark a revival of ideas and themes that once appeared moribund. Their appearance, along with public engagement and the emerging presence of promising new scholars, signals that — almost uniquely in the humanities — a sound understanding of the Middle East and Islam may rebound.

— Daniel Pipes is president of the Middle East Forum and Taube distinguished visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution of Stanford University. © 2011 by Daniel Pipes.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
656065,"The neocons are back. That is, at least in Marco Rubio’s world. The Florida senator and potential 2016 presidential candidate has, since his election in 2010, regularly consulted with and sought the advice of top neoconservative writers and policymakers, several of whom served in the administration of George W. Bush.

His loose circle of advisers includes former national-security adviser Stephen Hadley, former deputy national-security adviser Elliott Abrams, Brookings Institution scholar and former Reagan-administration aide Robert Kagan, Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol, and former Missouri senator Jim Talent.

To this group, beating back the rising tide of non-interventionism in the Republican party is a top priority, and they consider Rubio a candidate, if not the candidate, capable of doing so. “I think it’s very important that any isolationist arguments be defeated well and be defeated early,” says a neoconservative foreign-policy expert who talks with Rubio frequently.

Russia’s incursion into Ukraine, a war in Israel, and the rise of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria have in the course of a few months made the American public, and especially Republican-primary voters, more hawkish. Some argue that these events have dimmed the prospects that Kentucky senator Rand Paul, who has carved out a niche for himself as the leading non-interventionist in the Republican party, could seize the nomination. Unquestionably, the crises have boosted Rubio’s stock.

“We’re in an international crisis of really significant proportions, the likes of which we haven’t seen in decades,” says the Brookings Institution’s Kagan. “We’ve all been very sympathetic to people worried about going crosswise with the Republican base, but I really think we’re past that. From my perspective, I’m only going to be interested in people who are willing to say the hard things.” For Kagan, that includes arguing for an increase in the defense budget and being frank both about the need to use force when necessary and about America’s role as the world’s preeminent power.

But it’s not just current events that have drawn serious foreign-policy thinkers to Rubio. Since his election four years ago, the first-term senator has consistently articulated a robust internationalist position closest to that of George W. Bush. His outside advisers say he impressed them from the beginning as somebody who took foreign affairs seriously; since then he has built up a record of accomplishment during his four years in the Senate, where he serves on the foreign-relations and intelligence committees.

The experts I spoke with made it clear they have not signed up with Rubio, and nearly all speak with, and speak highly of, other potential candidates. But it is Rubio who garners their highest praise.

“From very early on he was clearly someone who was deciding to take foreign policy seriously,” says Kagan, “I thought he spoke remarkably intelligently.”

Elliott Abrams first spoke with Rubio when he was running for the Senate in 2010. “We had a mutual friend who said to me, ‘He has no experience in the Middle East, but obviously it’s a big issue in Florida, would you be willing to talk to him?’” Abrams says. “We got on the phone, and he said, ‘Let’s do it this way: Let me tell you what I think about the Middle East, and then you tell me what I’ve left out that’s important and what I’ve got wrong.’” Rubio, Abrams says, didn’t have anything wrong. “I was really impressed,” he tells me. “I don’t think there are very many state politicians who could have, off the cuff, done a six-or-seven minute riff on the Middle East.”

Rubio’s disciplined and methodical approach to foreign policy — he has articulated his views over the past two years in several speeches around the world — presents a stark contrast, say multiple foreign-policy experts, to that of his tea-party colleague Ted Cruz. A Cruz adviser last week told National Journal that the Texas senator will almost certainly mount a presidential bid in 2016 and plans to run on a “foreign-policy platform.”

“Whereas Rubio clearly has some views that he has considered and articulated, my sense of Cruz is that he is much less formed by conviction,” says one foreign-policy expert who has met with both potential candidates. “His background was really more on the domestic side.”

Cruz has repeatedly said he embraces a Reaganite foreign policy. He made headlines in recent weeks for walking out of an event when a group of Arab Christians booed his vocal defense of Israel, and he has used his seat on the Armed Services Committee to travel abroad during his time in office. But those I spoke with were, across the board, unimpressed. They universally characterized his worldview as shallow, opportunistic, and ever shifting to where he perceives the base of the party to be.

A former senior Bush administration defense official criticized the Texas senator in particular for his failure, as a member of the Armed Services Committee, to advocate for raising the defense budget. “He’s basically not done anything that I’m aware of to put an end to the hemorrhaging in the Defense Department, so it rings a little hollow,” he says. “It’s one thing to posture, it’s another thing to have a consistent policy. That doesn’t mean he couldn’t develop one. I don’t want to write him up as a lost cause, but he has a long way to go before he could be considered on the same bar as Rubio, considered to have a coherent world view.”

Over the summer, Rubio was briefed on the findings of the National Defense Panel, led by former Missouri senator Jim Talent and former undersecretary of defense for policy Eric Edelman, and the senator used a major speech last month to sound the alarm about the recent cuts to the defense budget and argue for ramping it back up.

Kagan — the preeminent neoconservative scholar and author who made headlines when President Obama improbably cited his article on “The Myth of American Decline,” and again when his cover story for The New Republic critiquing Obama’s foreign policy zipped through the West Wing — has had a major influence on Rubio’s worldview.

The former adviser to politicians from Jack Kemp to Mitt Romney to Hillary Clinton says he spoke with Rubio on and off during his first two years in office, and Rubio cited Kagan’s 2012 book The World America Made in his remarks at the Brookings Institution later that year. In the book, Kagan argues that world orders are transient, and that the world order that has been shaped by the United States since the end of World War II — defined by freedom, democracy, and capitalism — will crumble if American power wanes. But he also posits that the modern world order rests not on America’s cherished ideals — respect for individual rights and human dignity — but on economic and military power, and that its preservation requires bolstering America’s hard power.

Rubio has echoed that view over the past two years. “We should start by acknowledging the fact that a strong and engaged America has been a force of tremendous good in the world,” Rubio said in Washington, D.C., last year. “This can be done easily by imagining the sort of world we would live in today had America sat out the 20th century.” He pushed back in December last year, in a speech he gave in London about the lasting importance of the transatlantic alliance, on those he described as “weary from decades of global engagement.” In Seoul, South Korea, a month later, he lamented that many in Congress are “increasingly skeptical about why America needs to remain so active in international affairs.”

Rubio’s views are strikingly similar to those that guided George W. Bush as he began navigating the post-9/11 world. “Foreign policy is domestic policy,” Rubio told an audience at the American Enterprise Institute in November of last year. “When liberty is denied and economic desperation take root, it affects us here at home. It breeds radicalism and terror. It drives illegal immigration. It leads to humanitarian crises that we are compelled to address.” It was Bush who in his 2002 National Security Strategy argued that “the distinction between domestic and foreign affairs is increasingly diminishing,” because “events beyond America’s borders have a greater impact inside them.”

The key difference, according to Kagan, is that Bush, who campaigned in 2000 on a platform of scaling back American involvement in the world, “had a revelation after September 11,” whereas Rubio comes by his position more organically.

However unfairly, Bush’s approach to foreign affairs has become inextricably associated with the invasion of Iraq, and few Republicans are willing to stand wholeheartedly behind it anymore. I asked a Rubio aide if the senator fears associating himself too closely with the Bush clan or with Bush’s foreign policy, and whether Rubio might be making himself vulnerable to an attack that a Rubio presidency would be George W. Bush’s third term. No, the aide replies, adding that “a lot of the foreign-policy issues that the next president is going to deal with are different than they were 20 years ago.”

Regardless, Rubio may indeed become vulnerable to the charge that he is another neocon like Bush, surrounded by some of the same people and informed by essentially the same views.

The day when Republican-primary voters go to the polls is still a long way off, but it feels as if a number of conservative foreign-policy thinkers have already cast their vote.

— Eliana Johnson is Washington editor of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
637518,"Not a Close Question

By Roger Clegg — October 8, 2012

The Washington Post has a story today on the big case this week challenging the University of Texas’s racially preferential admissions, “Justices hear from all sides on affirmative action,” the gist of which is that the social science is split on whether racial preferences help or hurt education in our universities. As Peter Kirsanow and Carissa Mulder also discuss today, the evidence on the “hurt” side is more persuasive, but consider this: The only legal justification that the University of Texas can or should be able to offer to justify its racial discrimination is the supposed educational benefits, and now those benefits — which were never claimed to be more than marginal improvements to education — are disputed at best.

How, then, can they possibly be “compelling” (which is what the law requires them to be), especially when they must be weighed against the many and undeniable costs of racial discrimination: It is personally unfair, passes over better qualified students, and sets a disturbing legal, political, and moral precedent in allowing racial discrimination; it creates resentment; it stigmatizes the so-called beneficiaries in the eyes of their classmates, teachers, and themselves, as well as future employers, clients, and patients; it fosters a victim mindset, removes the incentive for academic excellence, and encourages separatism; it compromises the academic mission of the university and lowers the overall academic quality of the student body; it creates pressure to discriminate in grading and graduation; it breeds hypocrisy within the school; it encourages a scofflaw attitude among college officials; it mismatches students and institutions, guaranteeing failure for many of the former (see the Kirsanow-Mulder piece); it papers over the real social problem of why so many African Americans and Latinos are academically uncompetitive; and it gets states and schools involved in unsavory activities like deciding which racial and ethnic minorities will be favored and which ones not, and how much blood is needed to establish group membership.

Q.E.D.: Racial preferences ought not to be used.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
695055,"The Thomas More Law Center is asking the Supreme Court to review a Ninth Circuit decision allowing the Excelsior School in Byron, California, to continue teaching a three-week course in Islam, in which students take Muslim names, participate in Muslim rituals like fasting, use phrases like Allahu Akbar (God is great), imagine themselves Muslim soldiers or pilgrims, and play jihad games, among other activities.



The court said that these activities do not constitute teaching religion, but only teaching about religion. This is the same court that forbade the recital of the Pledge of Allegiance because of the phrase “under God.” Let’s hope the Supreme Court takes the case.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
655269,"It is possible to view Nebraska’s recent vote to abolish the death penalty — a vote that brought together liberals, budget balancers, and social conservatives — as a heartening sign that partisan divisions can be overcome, that moral progress can arrive even in places that vote Republican, and that the brutal façade of structural racism may one day crack and topple. This view has much to recommend it: It appeals to our desire to overcome tiresome divisions, confirms the superiority of the present over the past, and does honor to the principled people who have argued, often very eloquently, that we must unknot the hangman’s noose.

It also suffers from certain defects. Its story of moral progress asks us to overlook the countless cruelties of our criminal-justice system as we congratulate ourselves on the elimination of a relatively rare punishment (Nebraska’s last execution was in 1997). It suggests that the only purpose of criminal justice is deterrence — a view long championed by Beccaria, Bentham, and other apostles of cruel efficiency. It asks us to ignore that life imprisonment, the only alternative to capital punishment, is hardly more humane.

RELATED: In Defense of Capital Punishment: A ‘Botched’ Execution Does not Render the Death Penalty Illegitimate

Indeed, comparing our differing reactions to capital punishment and life imprisonment is one of the more direct ways to see what lies behind most death-penalty opposition. As Pope Francis has observed, “Life imprisonment is a hidden death penalty.” His suggestion that we abolish both is rather questionable (taken seriously, it requires parole for Pol Pot, halfway houses for Hitler), but his basic insight is sound. Is it really more barbaric to grant a terrible murderer a dignified death than to force him to live a life of confinement, perhaps to undergo humiliating force-feeding, and then to die in the hands of the state even if not by the state’s hand?

While some writers have made detailed arguments distinguishing death from other punishments, most people who oppose the death penalty do so based on loose intuitions, about barbarity and humaneness, that should apply with equal — perhaps greater — force to life imprisonment. That we are ready to accept the latter but not the former reflects that much of the opposition to the death penalty comes not from moral indignation but from aesthetic revulsion. We have undergone not an increase in conscience but an intensification of our squeamishness. We seek bloodless means, however cruel they may be.

Most people who oppose the death penalty do so based on loose intuitions, about barbarity and humaneness, that should apply with equal — perhaps greater — force to life imprisonment.

How did we get here? As Stephanos Bibas writes in his book The Machinery of Criminal Justice, such Enlightenment thinkers as Cesare Beccaria argued that the purpose of punishment was “to deter crime rather than exact deserved retribution.” As Jeremy Bentham said, criminal justice should function as a “mechanism to inflict enough pain to outweigh the pleasure of crime.” Whenever opponents of capital punishment say that it has no deterrent effect, they speak with the voice of Bentham. Punishment is no longer about just retribution, about reintegration into the community, about moral education: It is simply a matter of brute deterrence.

The views of these thinkers have gained currency because their approach promises to eliminate the inequalities that can result from an ethic of mercy (which is bound to be applied unequally) and the apparent establishment-clause problems that come with ideas of retribution and moral instruction — it was not uncommon for colonial-era judges to deliver religious exhortations to those they were sentencing. Yet this view fails to recognize the moral and human dimensions of punishment — the reference to a higher power, the principle that retribution should be proportionate to the crime, the possibility of reconciliation — that makes criminal justice a matter of punishing men rather than herding animals. It may lead to outcomes that are less “problematic,” but it has gone hand in hand with the rise of a system that is at once sterile, hygienic, and cruel.

RELATED: Why Capital Punishment Will Eventually Be Abolished

It is regrettable that the claim, made most prominently in John Paul II’s Evangelium Vitae, that deterrence is the only legitimate justification for capital punishment has encouraged an attenuation also of Christian reasoning on punishment. Indicative of this loss is the remark by the Catholic writer and Jesuit priest James Martin that “it is wrong, in all cases, to take a human life.” John Paul II’s words are better read in the broad sweep of Christian tradition, in the manner recommended by Avery Dulles in his article “Catholicism and Capital Punishment”:

The Catholic magisterium does not, and never has, advocated unqualified abolition of the death penalty. I know of no official statement from popes or bishops, whether in the past or in the present, that denies the right of the State to execute offenders at least in certain extreme cases. The United States bishops, in their majority statement on capital punishment, conceded that “Catholic teaching has accepted the principle that the State has the right to take the life of a person guilty of an extremely serious crime.” Joseph Cardinal Bernardin, in his famous speech on the “Consistent Ethic of Life” at Fordham in 1983, stated his concurrence with the “classical position” that the State has the right to inflict capital punishment.

Recently Alex Tuckness and John M. Parrish have written against “the decline of mercy in public life.” If we are to reverse that decline, if we are to erect a criminal-justice system that is less cold and cruel, we could do worse than to defend and extend the death penalty. This is a conclusion that I reach as a Catholic, as someone who has marched against the application of the death penalty in individual cases, and as a native Nebraskan inclined to take pride in his state but unable to do so in this case.

The alternatives to the death penalty are not less cruel, and perhaps more so; the arguments against it are either narrow or absurd; the reasons for it, which have always gone well beyond deterrence, remain as real in our time as they were in Hammurabi’s. Simply as a sign that punishment is not just about the carrots and sticks of deterrence but that it is an inevitably moral project concerned with right and wrong, justice and injustice, the death penalty has much to teach us still. In countless individual cases, mercy will be called for, but both justice and mercy are obscured when we call the death penalty unjust.

— Matthew Schmitz is deputy editor of First Things.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
700765,"Don’t You Know Who I Am?

By Heather Mac Donald — July 27, 2009

Here’s the real problem with police officers: Forget about being racist, they’re just so, well, parochial! The New York Times can barely contain its amazement today over Sergeant James Crowley’s narrow experience: “Even when Professor Gates produced identification in the kitchen of his home that day,” reporters Don Van Natta Jr. and Abby Goodnough write, “Sergeant Crowley had no idea who he was. Days later, the sergeant was surprised when friends explained that he was one of Harvard’s most famous professors.” Imagine that! Not knowing who Henry Louis Gates Jr. was! I’ll bet Crowley doesn’t even know who Maureen Dowd is. What do they teach these guys in the police academy, anyway?

A decade or so ago, in a desperate attempt to revive some semblance of Marxist street cred, the academic identity industry added “class” to its hallowed categories of race, gender, and sexual orientation. It now has a perfect case study: The recipient of what the Times lovingly refers to as “dozens of honorary degrees” — a “charismatic and distinctive” professor — bellowing in rage at the peon before him: “You don’t know who you’re messing with.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
557543,"A World Candy Committee?

By David Pryce-Jones — April 2, 2009

President Obama and Dmitri Medvedev have met and put out a joint statement. Quite like old times, eh? The USA and the USSR divvying up the globe. But times have changed, and, in any case, Medvedev is a cipher, conjured into the Kremlin by Vladimir Putin who is today’s Strong Man of Russia.

Diplomats naturally employ a language of boiler-plate, and this statement is a fine specimen of it. “We agreed . . . ” the paragraphs begin, and then “We will strive . . . ” the subsequent paragraphs continue. What a lot of alternate agreeing and striving! The two of them are to “demonstrate leadership in reducing the number of nuclear weapons in the world.” Next please: “We committed our two countries to achieving a nuclear free world while recognising that this long-term goal will require a new emphasis on arms control and conflict resolution measures.” New emphasis, really? In boring fact, the Russians are completing the process of making Iran a nuclear power, and protecting North Korea’s nuclear armaments as well as rebuilding their former empire by subterfuge and force. What leadership? What reduction?

Apparently lost in mutual admiration, Obama and Medvedev are also going immediately to sort out the world’s economic crisis, to bring al Qaeda and the Taliban to heel, to stop terrorism, to end the narcotic trade, in short, to ensure sweetness and light in a dozen other festering issues — as the statement lengthened I was expecting to learn that the World Candy Committee had been set up for the benefit of everyone under 18. Incidentally, all the agreeing and striving has to be over and done with by this July. Of course.

Could it be that Obama only put his name to this preposterous statement in the hopes of building up a possible rival to Putin? But I fear he meant it sincerely and it’s sending shivers down my spine.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
558900,"The Health-Care “Summit”

By Michael F. Cannon — March 6, 2009

Yesterday, the White House assembled more than 100 politicians, special-interest lobbyists, and left-wing ideologues in a room to carve up Americans’ earnings and their access to medical care. Can President Obama solve the problems of high-cost, low-quality, insecure health care by giving more power to the very government that created these problems? No, he can’t.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
656787,"Boehner’s Not Outta Here After All

By Jim Geraghty — October 8, 2015

You won’t have Speaker John Boehner to kick around anym– oh, wait, never mind, maybe you will!

Speaker John Boehner has agreed to stay on as Speaker–not just until the Caucus nominates someone –but, until that person can confirm 218 votes on the House floor (needed to take the Speaker’s gavel). Short of that – Boehner will stay on for the rest of this Congress and steer legislation that is pending.

Conservative House Republicans who were fed up with Boehner, opposed Kevin McCarthy, and hadn’t yet unified around an alternative… have now set up circumstances where Boehner is now sticking around until further notice.

Will everyone who took credit for driving out Boehner now take it back?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
88197,"Medicare at 50

Medicare as it stands is unsustainable. How can we fix it for future generations?

By James C. Capretta — July 28, 2015

GOP presidential candidate and former Florida governor Jeb Bush recently found himself doing what no politician ever wants to do, which is explain himself. He shouldn’t feel too bad, though, because the subject was Medicare. Countless others have also had their words purposely distorted on this subject by their critics and political opponents.

What Governor Bush said was that Medicare, enacted 50 years ago this week, is not sustainable in its current form and therefore needs to be “phased out” while the country “moves to a new system.” Not the best way to describe his views, for sure, but everyone who reads what he actually said, in context, will know what he meant.

Governor Bush began by referring to Representative Paul Ryan’s proposal to reform Medicare — basically, by injecting more market discipline into the program by providing the entitlement in the form of premium-support payments and allowing the beneficiaries to choose their Medicare coverage from competing options. Bush said these changes should not apply to those who are already on Medicare; they should apply only to those who will be entering the program in the future. And he made it clear that the purpose of making changes was not to get rid of Medicare but to ensure that future generations would also have a program that provided them with secure health-care coverage.

Quite predictably, Bush’s critics pounced. They said, in so many words: There go those mean-spirited Republicans again. Paul Krugman argued that Republicans have always hated the idea of the government providing “a universal safety net,” and thus they are always seeking ways to undo it. His implication is that Bush wants to leave poor seniors without the protection Medicare provides.

This is nonsense, of course. As Governor Bush capably explained, the point is not to decrease security for future generations of retirees but to increase it by undertaking sensible reforms that will make entitlement programs, including Medicare, more sustainable.

This is not a radical position, by the way. It was the position of the Bowles–Simpson commission, a bipartisan panel established by President Obama during his first term to address the nation’s long-term budget challenges. Indeed, it’s the position of just about everybody who has taken an honest look at the nation’s fiscal situation over the past two decades.

What’s happening now, however, is that some, including Krugman, have begun to move away from this mainstream argument and take the position that no real change is needed at this point, at least with respect to Medicare, because the Affordable Care Act — i.e., Obamacare — has already solved the problems. They point to the slowdown in the escalation of health spending and claim the ACA is the cause.

That’s also false. As others have noted, the slowdown in health spending predates the enactment of the ACA, and a similar slowdown is observable in many other countries as well. The real causes are a weak economy, the move (in the U.S. context) to higher-deductible insurance plans in the employer market, and the introduction of fewer expensive new products and technologies into the marketplace. The ACA had nothing to do with any of this.

The ACA’s proponents argue that the law has effectively leveraged “delivery system reforms” in Medicare, and that this is what has produced the cost reductions; but there is no evidence to support this contention. These reforms — like the introduction of Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs) and the “bundling” of payments for all providers involved in an episode of care — are very minor events in the context of a $3 trillion health system. When the ACA was enacted, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimated that ACOs would save $5 billion over a decade — a drop in the bucket of Medicare’s $6 trillion in expenditures over that same period. And early results of the ACO effort indicate that the CBO’s estimate was very optimistic.

What the ACA’s advocates never mention — though it is evident in information released last week in conjunction with the Medicare trustees’ report — is that the ACA, and a new law enacted earlier this year, are imposing blunt, across-the-board payment reductions in Medicare that make the program’s long-term financing appear better than it really is. The ACA included a “productivity adjustment factor” for payments to hospitals and other institutions. This adjustment reduces the inflation increase in Medicare payments every year by an average of 1.1 percentage points, on the assumption that hospitals can become that much more productive. This isn’t a one-time cut. It is a reduction in the inflation increase for hospital payments every year in perpetuity. In a separate law enacted earlier this year with substantial Republican support, the despised sustainable growth rate (SGR) formula for physician fees was repealed, but in its place Congress imposed a permanent (after 2025) upper limit of 0.75 percent on annual increases in physician fees — far below the forecast inflation rate of 2.3 percent a year for physician services outside of Medicare.

The actuaries who produce the estimates of Medicare’s future costs believe these across-the-board reductions are unrealistic because, rather soon, Medicare’s payments for services would fall so far below the actual cost of caring for patients that large numbers of hospitals and doctors would either start steering clear of Medicare patients or exit the marketplace altogether.

Since 2010, the actuaries have produced an alternative projection scenario alongside the official “current law” projection of the trustees’ report. Their aim is to highlight their concern that the official projection is misleading because it includes the cost reductions associated with these blunt reductions in payments. The alternative scenario assumes annual increases in hospital payments and physician fees that are closer to what has happened historically, and the results are telling. Medicare spending under this alternative scenario is 18 percent higher in 2050 than under the official projection in the trustees’ report, and the unfunded liabilities of the program would reach $36.8 trillion, nearly $9 trillion above the estimate based on the trustees’ report.

Medicare is already far, far larger than it was ever expected to be when it was launched. In 1970, program expenditures were only 0.6 percent of GDP. By 2014, they were 3.5 percent of GDP. And in the alternative scenario put together by the actuaries, program spending will be well above 6 percent of GDP by 2050.

Krugman and others want policymakers to ignore this reality and assume the problem will somehow go away on its own. It won’t. If nothing is done, budgetary pressure will build, and then, during the predicable crisis that will eventually ensue, a push will be made for a massive tax hike.

Which is why it is important for Governor Bush and his fellow candidates for the GOP nomination to continue pressing the case for reform, politics notwithstanding.

At some point, it will be important to give the electorate a better idea of what reform will mean for them. A good plan, one based on consumer choice and innovation, would be appealing to many voters, including those about to enter the Medicare program. And presentation of such a plan would go a long way toward defusing the inflammatory attacks by defenders of the status quo.

But there’s still plenty of time for that. For today, we should be grateful that Governor Bush, and several of the other candidates, have not backed down when confronted with the usual demagoguery.

— James C. Capretta is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716467,"Do you wonder why America’s public mental-health system has fallen apart? Why seriously mentally ill individuals stand sentry on our streets like urban gargoyles, why they overrun emergency rooms waiting for days for a psychiatric bed, occupy one-quarter of our jail cells, and are responsible for approximately half of mass killings, such as those at Virginia Tech, Newtown, Tucson, and Aurora? Federal leadership for mental health and mental illness is supposed to rest in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), a component of the Department of Health and Human Services. With 553 employees and a budget of $$3.5 billion, SAMHSA’s official mission is to reduce “the impact of substance abuse and mental illness on America’s communities.”

How well is SAMHSA doing in its mission? The 2015 ranking of the Best Places to Work in the Federal Government, released December 7, provides an answer. This annual survey, administered by the nonprofit and nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service, is based on a questionnaire filled out by 433,300 federal employees in 320 federal agencies. It includes questions such as “considering everything, how satisfied are you with your organization?” Thus, it is a good measure of what federal employees think about their own agency.

EDITORIAL: Congress Is Waking Up on Mental Health

This year SAMHSA ranked 317th out of 320 federal agencies. The only agencies that ranked lower were the Secret Service and two other agencies in the notoriously troubled Department of Homeland Security. Other Health and Human Services agencies did fine, such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (ranked 55th), the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (64th), and the National Institutes of Health (81st). SAMHSA’s rating in 2015 is worse than it was in 2014, when it ranked 298th out of 315 agencies. In fact, SAMHSA’s rating has dropped lower and lower every year since 2009. During that time SAMHSA has grown larger and larger, from 450 to 553 employees, suggesting that bigger is definitely not better, at least for this federal agency. The only category in which SAMHSA rated itself as above average on this survey was on pay: The average SAMHSA salary is $$107,000, more than twice the average salary of the nation’s elementary and high-school teachers.

The dismal rating of this federal agency is not a surprise. The House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held hearings on SAMHSA in 2013, at which time Chairman Tim Murphy (R., Penn.) said that “it’s as if SAMHSA doesn’t believe that serious mental illness exists.” In 2014, the Government Accountability Office issued a scathing indictment of SAMHSA’s role in coordinating federal mental-health efforts, saying that “coordination related to serious mental illness has been largely absent across the federal government.” Despite its official mission, SAMHSA does not employ a single psychiatrist, the last one having exited six months ago in disgust. Pamela Hyde, SAMHSA’s administrator for the last six years, recently resigned, but the agency’s problems go much deeper than having the wrong person at the top.

RELATED: A Chance for Real Mental-Health Reform, if the Mental-Health Industry Will Get Out of the Way

The one official who has attempted to provide federal leadership on mental illness, including by improving SAMHSA, has been Representative Tim Murphy. He has introduced the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 2646), a bill that attacks the mental-illness problem on many fronts — for instance by designating an assistant secretary for mental health to oversee and improve SAMHSA. Despite having bipartisan support, with Eddie Bernice Johnson (D., Texas) as a co-sponsor and 123 Republicans and 47 Democrats signed on, Democrats in the House Energy and Commerce Committee have been holding up the bill. By now, we have reams of evidence that SAMSHA is one of the worst-functioning federal agencies our government has ever created; failure to pass legislation that will improve it is evidence of terminal political gridlock. It is also very bad news for the nation’s mentally ill, since $$3.5 billion, properly spent, could significantly improve their well-being and increase the safety of all Americans, who dread reading front-page news of another Sandy Hook. The Democrats who are blocking this legislation hostage should be held accountable.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241322,"I wrote about Trump’s moving-target views on the Alexander/Murray deal today for Politico:

To paraphrase Groucho Marx, President Donald Trump has a position on the Lamar Alexander/Patty Murray health care deal, and if you don’t like it, he has another one…

Trump can’t decide who he wants to be. As a matter of substance (malleable and nonideological) and self-image (the ultimate deal-maker), he should be with Republican moderates. This is the Trump who encourages Lamar Alexander to get together with Patty Murray and talks a DACA deal with Chuck and Nancy.

As a matter of affect (unapologetically outrageous) and sensibility (thoroughly anti-establishment), he should be with the House Freedom Caucus. This is the Trump who pulls the plug on CSR payments over the advice of more cautious advisers and releases immigration principles that will never be realized in any bipartisan agreement.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
700386,"So Arnold’s in after all. I imagine that California Democrats are filling their BVDs about now. Arnold timed his entrance exquisitely, waiting for the Democratic strategy (close ranks around Davis; Feinstein stays out) to harden, and then scrambling their calculations with only 72 hours to go before the filing deadline. I suspect he had this in mind all along, which shows a shrewdness that is encouraging (though I should say that the best conservative candidate in the race is Sen. Tom McClintock, who got 100,000 more votes than Simon statewide last November in a narrow loss for state Controller).

I suspect this will increase the pressure on Feinstein to enter the race. I rate the chances at better than 75 percent that she will now be in the race come Friday night.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
899084,"Beaumont, Tx. — Ted Cruz seems like a good person to know. He brought in nearly $$3,000 for a county party last night just by signing a few books. The senator spoke at the Bexar County Republican Party’s Lincoln Day dinner in San Antonio, Texas, last night and afterward signed four copies of Green Eggs and Ham, which Bexar GOP chairman Robert Stovall auctioned off. The crowd — of a little more than 500 people — was thrilled by the gesture, and the first copy sold for $$1,000. All total, the four books brought in $$2,800 for the county party. And a signed, framed picture of the senator sold for a few hundred more.

Green Eggs and Ham featured prominently in the senator’s “Cruzibuster.” During the speech, he read the book to his young daughters who watched over C-SPAN. A picture of the pajama-clad girls watching the reading went viral.

Cruz keynoted last night’s event, which is an important fundraiser for the party and a chance for primary candidates to mingle with donors, politicos, and activists. Attendees included Texas speaker of the house Joe Straus, state senator and candidate for lieutenant governor Dan Patrick, and Representative Lamar Smith.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
557233,"The first time I realised that there is a lot more to the Middle East than meets the eye was in the days of the Arab economic boycott of Israel. The Egyptian cotton crop was threatened by some worm, and Egypt had appealed to Israel to supply the chemical to save it. I heard about this from an Israeli friend, an industrialist, who was ordered to supply the steel barrels required for the shipment. Nor do I forget the Black September moment in Amman when I saw Palestinian women streaming out of a refugee camp to escape Jordanian troops coming for them. “We go to Moshe Dayan,” the women were shouting, perfectly well able to distinguish between potential killers and potential rescuers. Not so long afterwards, in a smart hotel in Tel Aviv I met a Palestinian poet who had become notorious for writing a verse boasting about eating the livers of Jews. Here was the poet socialising and drinking with the Israeli elite. Another friend, a specialist in the Hadassah hospital in Jerusalem, used to tell me how Saudis and Iraqis and even militant PLO members would insist on making difficult trips to have consultations with him.

Aisha Qaddafi, daughter of the late dictator, has the bad record that is only to be expected. Hers was a life of Arab jet set privilege. She was on the defense team of Saddam Hussein, whose daughters are in exile in Jordan. Now she is in exile in Algeria, and hopes to have the International Criminal Court investigate the deaths of her father and brothers. Who is she employing for her lawyer? One Nick Kaufman, an Israeli.

Perhaps there is an echo here of an ancient stereotype that the best doctors and lawyers are Jewish. And perhaps like others, Aisha Qaddafi is a realist for whom results have priority over ideology. Every so often, these intimations of a quite alternative and practical routine of accommodation and co-operation arise in the Middle East — and about which the media, either out of prejudice or ignorance, are silent.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241985,"Teachers’ Unions Should Stop Putting Seniority before Performance

End teacher tenure. The education of children takes precedence over job security for adults.

By Sam Shumate — May 16, 2017

Unions have made it nearly impossible to remove ineffective and poorly performing teachers, and an effort by California lawmakers to crack open the door just a little is meeting stiff resistance.

California is one of six states where elementary- and secondary-school teachers can attain tenure after just two years. A bill that would lengthen this requirement to a more-reasonable three years barely managed to squeak out of the Assembly Education Committee, but teachers’ unions are sure to keep fighting it every step of the way.

The unions insist they have the best interests of children at heart. If that were true, they would support repealing tenure laws entirely and moving toward a merit-based system of advancement. Doing that would return employment decisions back to school administrators and put students first.

It’s just common sense. If numerous patients die because of medical malpractice, a doctor’s license will be revoked. If politicians do not fulfill promises, voters can remove them from office. Schools should be able to remove incompetent teachers.

These reforms are long overdue. As of 2016, the United States has fallen to 39th globally in math and 24th in reading. Teachers’ unions have insisted that higher educator salaries will fix the problem, but even after decades of raising teacher pay and retirement benefits, student achievement has remained stagnant.

In fact, there is little evidence that student achievement can be improved simply by spending more. Public schools in Washington, D.C., spend more per pupil than do their counterparts in almost any state in the nation, but they also rank near the bottom in quality. A Cato Institute analysis of all 50 states shows that the trend holds: Increased spending does not lead to better outcomes.

Tenure laws keep ineffective teachers in the classroom and increase the costs to fire them. In California, only 22 teachers were dismissed for unsatisfactory performance in the period 2003–13. This means that only 0.0008 percent of California’s 277,000 teachers are fired each year despite lackluster educational outcomes.

The lengthy and expensive dismissal process discourages principals from removing teachers. For instance, firing a single teacher in New York City in 2008 cost taxpayers $$250,000 and took over six months. Mayor Michael Bloomberg subsequently called for a merit-based system for determining layoffs.

If tenure laws were replaced with merit-based advancement, good teachers would be rewarded for their performance and would be less likely to leave in their first few years.

While tenure provides job security to teachers who have taught for a specified number of years, it has, ironically, contributed to high turnover. New teachers are frequently given the most challenging teaching assignments, and they are the first to be let go when school districts face budget constraints. Consequently, 41 percent of new teachers leave the classroom within their first five years.

Richard Ingersoll, professor of education and sociology at the University of Pennsylvania, found that the “revolving door of turnover” costs school districts and states up to some $$2.2 billion annually. For every teacher who quits a Chicago public school, it costs $$17,872 to recruit, hire, and train a new teacher. High turnover remains a drain on educational resources that could be better spent updating textbooks or improving the reading skills of low-income students.

High turnover also weakens the trust and confidence in student–teacher relationships. A 2007 study by the National Institutes of Health concluded that strong student–teacher relationships led students to “work harder in the classroom, persevere in the face of difficulties, accept teacher direction and criticism, and cope better with stress.”

If tenure laws were replaced with merit-based advancement, good teachers would be rewarded for their performance and would be less likely to leave in their first few years. In 2013, North Carolina legislators repealed teacher-tenure laws. The following year, the rate of teacher turnover fell by over a third. It now stands below 7 percent annually.

In contrast, South Carolina, Texas, and Arizona all have turnover rates exceeding 13 percent, with Arizona leading the nation at 18.8 percent. All three states feature tenure laws that reward seniority over merit.

State legislatures in California and elsewhere should stand up to teacher unions and institute merit-based performance models, which prioritize ability over seniority. They should also follow the examples set by Florida, Idaho, Kansas, and North Carolina, which have all eliminated tenure. After all, the education of children should come before the job security of adults.

— Sam Shumate is a federal-policy intern at Americans for Prosperity.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
700210,"Today In Government Spending

By Kevin D. Williamson — March 27, 2013

One of these things is a gigantic waste of money, the other two are just kind of gross.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
411946,"President Obama called on Congressional Republicans to raise taxes on “corporate-jet owners” to decrease the deficit in a press conference at the White House this morning.

Adding to his repertoire of political metaphors, the president contrasted what he considered Congress’s dillydallying on increasing the debt limit with his two daughters’ diligent school work: “Malia and Sasha generally finish their homework a day ahead of time. . . . They’re not pulling all nighters. They’re 13 and 10. You know, Congress can do the same thing. If you know you’ve got to do something, just do it.”

When asked whether August 2 really was the cut-off date for a deal, Obama answered, “The yellow light is flashing but it hasn’t been a red light yet. . . . By August 2, we run out of tools to make sure that all our bills are paid.” If the U.S. defaults, “the consequences for the U.S. economy will be significant and unpredictable.”

“It would be nice if we could keep every tax break there is,” Obama said earlier, warning that if Congress did, “that means we have to cut some kids off from getting a college scholarship” and that “food safety may be compromised” among other unpopular spending cuts.

Citing former GOP senators Alan Simpson and Pete Domenici, Obama insisted that “every single observer . . . who’s not a politician says we can’t reduce our deficit in the scale or scope that we need to without having a balanced approach that looks at everything.”

“So we’re going to keep having these conversations,” he said, “and my belief is the Republican leadership in Congress will hopefully sooner rather than later come to the conclusion that they need to make the right decisions for the country.”

Asked by NBC’s Chuck Todd about New York’s new gay-marriage law, Obama avoided a direct answer, but hinted at his approval, saying “I think we’re moving in a direction of greater equality and I think that’s a good thing.”

When the Wall Street Journal’s Laura Meckler asked a follow-up question about his personal beliefs on marriage, Obama dodged by joking, “I’m not going to be making news on that today.”

Later, the president, who stressed he would revise any cumbersome regulations, flashed his frustration with the business community’s complaints about red tape. “The business community is always complaining about regulations,” he sighed. “Because frankly they want to be able to do whatever they think is going to maximize their profits.”

He gave a tepid defense of Boeing in its recent dustup with the National Labor Relations Board. After cautioning that the NLRB is “an independent agency” and the case was “up for a judge to decide,” he said, “What I think defies common sense would be a notion that we would be shutting down a plant or laying off workers because labor and management can’t come to a sensible agreement.”

Turning to Afghanistan, the president explained his draw down of troops in that country “after ten very long years.” The drawdown would operate in a “responsible way,” the president stressed, and put pressure on al-Qaeda until that network was “entirely defeated.”

“Kabul is much safer than it was,” Obama argued, when asked about news of a recent terrorist attack on a hotel in the Afghan capital. But “our work is not done.” Of Afghanistan and Iraq, the president counseled, “These are still countries that are digging themselves out of a lot of war.”

Asked whether Moammar Qaddafi’s ouster was necessary in Libya, Obama said he hoped the leader would step down and maintained, “He needs to go.”

Returning to the economy, Obama repeated some of his suggestions to reboot the private sector: keeping the payroll-tax holiday for another year, passing free-trade agreements, and expediting the patenting process — all things, he claimed, that Congress could do “right now.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
900957,"Cruz to Name Fiorina as Running Mate

By Tim Alberta — April 27, 2016

Ted Cruz will announce today his selection of Carly Fiorina as his running mate for the presidency, a source familiar with the decision tells National Review.

It could not be confirmed what precise language Cruz will use in making the announcement, but the source says Cruz will be presenting himself and Fiorina as “a ticket.”

The Texas senator told reporters Wednesday morning to expect a “major announcement” at his 4 p.m. rally in Indianapolis, setting off speculation that he would name his vice-presidential choice in order to shift the news narrative away from Donald Trump’s sweep of five northeastern primary contests Tuesday night.

The source says Fiorina has been on Cruz’s short-list ever since they hit it off during a one-on-one meeting at the Conservative Political Action Conference in early March, which led to her endorsement of Cruz in Florida March 9.

But Cruz’s decision to tap Fiorina as his ticket-mate, the source added, can be traced to late March, when he watched his former rival push back on the National Enquirer story alleging the senator had carried on multiple extramarital affairs. Fiorina forcefully interceded on Cruz’s behalf during a press conference in Wisconsin when a Daily Mail reporter pressed him to categorically deny the allegations. She called Trump a “serial philanderer” and accused the media of dancing to his tune.

The incident convinced Cruz of both her unshakable loyalty and her unrivaled talent as a Republican attack dog — and not just against Trump in the primary. “Let me tell you,” Cruz said the next morning, nodding toward Fiorina during a stop in suburban Milwaukee, “that woman gives Hillary Clinton nightmares.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719196,"The Washington Post has a good article this morning on what underlies Obama’s dilemma. He wants to please the Left and spend more money — much more money — to create jobs (as if he could create jobs). But he can’t because he doesn’t have the money. Well, for once, I agree with the president. Not only doesn’t he have the money, he has a massive debt problem on his hands.

Over at The American, I published this chart showing the interests the government paid on the federal debt as a percentage of GDP between 1962 and today and the projected debt service payments up until 2082. The projections are illustrated under the current CBO baseline and under the CBO’s alternative, more realistic, scenario. For comparison, the graph also shows CBO’s projections for the cost of Medicare and Social Security as a percentage of GDP. Notice that under either of CBO’s scenarios, the net interest payments, or the costs of the debt, rival the cost of two of our nation’s most expensive social programs.

To give you an idea of what this means, if I get to retire at 65, in 2035, the cost of debt will have more than tripled from 1.8 to 7.5 percent of GDP. And by the time my daughter Juliette retires, in 2070 (assuming that she is still allowed to retire at 65) the cost of the debt will have reached 23.8 percent.

How much money are we talking about here? Well, currently, the interests we pay on our $$12 trillion debt amount to roughly $$200 billion. However, in ten years, interests alone will cost us over $$700 billion. That’s a lot of money, and it’s likely to be much worse than projected here.

The whole article is here.

Happy Friday!",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
73121,"‘Blow, Wind! Come, Wrack!’

By Ian Tuttle — December 19, 2015

I know the only movie of consequence at the moment is the new Star Wars installment — but I’d like to spare a word of praise for the new film version of Macbeth, released two weeks ago and sure to flit out of theaters soon. It is, simply put, a work of art.

The last feature version of Macbeth, by PBS’s Great Performances, starred Patrick Stewart in the title role, and had him ascend to power in a 20th-century fascistic state, a sort of Macbeth-as-Mussolini. Director Justin Kurzel has put Macbeth back in his own time and place — clannish, Christianized Scotland of the early part of the High Middle Ages. The result is, first, a feast for the eyes. The fog-veiled Scottish highlands, the candlelit night at Inverness, the raging fire that is the backdrop of Macbeth and Macduff’s climactic confrontation — this is a film that deserves to be seen on the largest screen you can manage.

But Kurzel’s decision also restores to Shakespeare’s tale one of its characteristic features: its brutality. With its “marching” woods and “weird sisters” and refrain of “double, double, toil and trouble,” Macbeth can tend toward the twee for modern readers. It’s anything but. Michael Fassbender plays Macbeth with a gritty muscularity – rightly, I think — and presents a Macbeth who is not a part-time soldier but a warrior in the ancient mold, or a knight — a man who lives by the sword, and so must also die by it.

The original text has been pared down, and Shakespeare purists will bristle. The moral cosmos of the play — so richly examined in Harry Jaffa’s masterly essay “Macbeth and the Moral Universe” — does not map perfectly onto the world of this adaptation. But there is here a raw, animal energy far too often absent from Shakespeare’s dramas of men-at-arms. This is Macbeth reduced to its bone-hard elements: ambition, madness, and violence.

Go see it. A savage, beautiful rendering of one of Shakespeare’s greatest works.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719698,"Last October, someone by the name of Abdullatif al-Mulhim wrote an article that broke a taboo. He told fellow Arabs something they are never allowed to hear, that their wars against Israel have only harmed themselves. Hostility towards Israel is almost sacrosanct in Arab countries, and learned men on public platforms solemnly assert that Jews are descendants of apes and pigs. It is dangerous to keep people in ignorance like this. The real enemies of the Arabs, Mulhim spells out, are corruption, lack of good education and health care, and so lack of respect for human life. Arab dictators, he goes on, have committed atrocities against their own people far worse than all the full-scale Arab-Israeli wars. What decided him to write like this was starvation, killing, and destruction in one or another Arab country. The final clincher is that Palestinians in Israel or under occupation in the West Bank and Gaza are happier and in a better situation than their Arab brothers who came to liberate them.

I know nothing about Mulhim except that he is described as a retired officer of the Saudi navy. And now Amal al-Hazzani publishes two articles with similar observations. She is Assistant Professor of Molecular Genetics at King Saud University in Riyadh with quite a list of contributions to professional journals to her credit. In Israel, she writes, “politicians are distinguished by their sincerity and devotion to the higher interests of the state.” Arabs listen to the cheap words of poets and politicians who heap insults on Israel from their luxurious hotel rooms. They are still unaware where, why, and how their feelings of hate towards Israel come about. While they have sunk into hating, the Israelis have built eight public universities and 200 museums and become a rival to America in the programming and software industry. Israelis have got where they are by intelligence, or as she explains, by learning Arabic and studying the culture of Arabs. Her admiration for these achievements is clear.

The Middle East is exploding and the explanation for these articles may lie in the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran, that is to say Sunni versus Shiite, or Arab versus Persian. The Saudis are frightened of the imminent finalization of an Iranian nuclear bomb and they see President Obama as weak, variable, more likely to surrender rather than use military measures to stop the nuclear threat. Israel would certainly take military measures and so there is a coincidence of interests. The Arab press is controlled, and it may be that the ground is being prepared for welcoming a strike. As far as I know, neither has been pressured by authorities, let alone punished. Both of these writers may also be free spirits with the courage of their opinions. If ever the word gets out to the masses that hatred of Israel is irrational and counterproductive then there will be a repeat of perestroika and the Arab Spring will become a reality.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704738,"One of the most remarkable reversals in American culture in my lifetime has been the transformation of anti-Semitism into a predominantly left-wing phenomenon. Historian Robert S. Wistrich has just published From Ambivalence to Betrayal: The Left, the Jews, and Israel, a very substantial work that puts this development in the context of global leftism and the history of its leading thinkers and politicians, and makes it clear that Left anti-Semitism in itself is hardly new. The later chapters cast interesting light on how the Left, in its current self-described stance of “anti-Zionism,” is actually abandoning some of its older, and better, principles. Writes Wistrich:

The Zionist movement, far from being oriented to the ideology of “race,” arose as a direct response to the racist anti-Semitism created by reactionary forces in European, and later in Middle Eastern societies. It was external anti-Semitic pressure, analogous to foreign domination over other oppressed peoples, which became a major factor in obliging Jews to seek their own path towards auto-emancipation. . . . Moreover, [Zionism became] the first successful anti-colonial liberation struggle in the Middle East. . . . The Zionist movement between 1945 and 1948 had to fight against the full might of the British Empire. . . . Contrary to the prevailing left-wing mythology about Israel’s creation being a Western Zionist-imperialist conspiracy, official American support for Israel was comparatively lukewarm. . . . For the crucial first 20 years of its existence, the United States scarcely considered Israel as an important ally and its material interests in the Arab world were infinitely greater. The collective amnesia of the Left in this regard is especially striking since in the late 1940s, most Communists and socialists in the West enthusiastically hailed the “anti-colonialist” nature of the Israeli war of independence. Indeed they followed the USSR in strongly supporting the establishment of Israel as a blow against “Anglo-American domination of the Middle East.” . . . What today is eulogized as the Palestinian “struggle against Zionism” was considered by most Communists or Socialists in 1948 as utterly reactionary.

The current opposition to Israel is usually distinguished, as “anti-Zionism,” from the phenomenon of “anti-Semitism” as traditionally understood. But the unprincipled nature of the reversal Wistrich describes — in which what was once portrayed as a heroic national-liberation movement is transformed into a colonial power-grab — suggests that this distinction may not be as helpful as it looks. I am far from suggesting that all criticism of the policies of the state of Israel is based on these (or other) low motives; there is of course the same right to question Israel as there is to question any other country. But that’s the point: Why does Israel find itself on trial, so much more than other countries — countries that actually do have abysmal records on human rights? When the basic narrative of the legitimacy of the Israeli founding has changed so drastically, I think we have the right to question whether other agendas might be at work in a great deal of the criticisms: agendas of political opportunism, and sometimes even of anti-Semitism on the classical model. If it was okay to support Israel back when it was seen as an anti-colonial effort, why must Israel be viewed as a fundamentally immoral enterprise now that it is a strong U.S. ally?

Most of Wistrich’s book is devoted to the history of the Left prior to the founding of the state of Israel, but the issues it raises will be with us for the foreseeable future.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
602586,"Senator Ted Cruz (R., Texas) has no regrets about his Defund Obamacare strategy, which many believe precipitated the government shutdown in October.

Asked by ABC’s Jon Karl whether he thought the strategy was, in hindsight, a mistake, Cruz said: “I think it was absolutely a mistake for President Obama and Harry Reid to force a government shutdown.”

Cruz criticized the media for blaming the shutdown on Republicans, and noted that while the GOP had sought to compromise on multiple occasions with respect to Obamacare funding, the true cause of the shutdown was the fact that “repeatedly Democrats said ‘no compromise, shut it down.’”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207666,"President Obama is whistling past the graveyard of his foreign-policy failures. In his State of the Union address last night, he summarily dismissed “all the rhetoric you hear about our enemies getting stronger and America getting weaker.” “The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period,” he said. “It’s not even close.” That is true, but even the strongest nation can get progressively weaker while threats multiply, as they have on Obama’s watch.

To support his argument, the president reminded his audience that “we spend more on our military than the next eight nations combined.” Again, that is true, yet it’s also a statistic without context. It ignores the strategic rationale for having an incomparable military. Obama’s comparison leaves the false impression that as long as the U.S. is spending more than others, then the armed forces are in good condition. But they aren’t.

Comparing the U.S. defense budget with the rest of the top ten misses the point that our military serves a fundamentally different purpose from that of the armed forces of all other nations. (Incidentally, depending on how you count, the U.S. may spend more than only the next seven nations combined.) For China, Russia, Iran, and others, the primary purpose of armed force is to intimidate neighbors and punish nearby states that resist their influence. However, the United States is in the business of global leadership. We have to be prepared to fight terrorism and resist aggression in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.

RELATED: Get Serious on Defense

Projecting power across the oceans is difficult and expensive. The United States has eleven aircraft carriers, while no other nation has more than one. The Nimitz-class carriers now in service cost about $9 billion (adjusted for inflation) a piece to build. Each one has crew of about 4,500 sailors and an air wing that typically consists of 44 F/A-18 fighters as well as an array of other types of planes and helicopters. The maintenance and training requirements for a cutting-edge force are demanding, and the Navy needs an inventory of eleven carriers to ensure that there will always be one cruising the waters of the Western Pacific while another patrols the Mideast.

For critics, the cost of keeping such a potent force on the front lines may seem excessive. Yet President Obama knows firsthand how valuable it can be. In the summer of 2014, when he ordered the first U.S. airstrikes against the Islamic State, there were no planes within range of the intended targets. Within 30 hours, the aircraft carrier USS George H. W. Bush arrived in the Persian Gulf, where its F/A-18s began to fly 20 to 30 sorties per day. For 54 days, there was no other source of American air power. The U.S. encountered a similar situation after 9/11. According to a recent report from the Hudson Institute, aircraft from three carriers “provides 72 percent of combat sorties in the early stages of the campaign when the United States did not have access to Central Asian airbases.”

Aircraft carriers provide only one example of the unique expeditionary capabilities paid for by our defense budget. We also have a Marine Corps that can rapidly deploy across the globe, even when it expects a hostile welcome. We have an Army that can sustain decisive land power in hostile environments. We have an Air Force that can dominate the skies anywhere.

The only way to sustain these capabilities is with a budget that far outpaces those of our competitors. Yet by offering a facile comparison of the U.S. defense budget with the military spending of other powers, Obama avoids confronting the fact that steep budget cuts, which go by the name of sequestration, have seriously compromised the readiness of the U.S. armed forces to execute their missions. That is what military leaders have stated time and again in their testimony before Congress.

RELATED: America’s Defense Still Requires Aircraft Carriers

At a major hearing last January, which preceded the submission of the president’s defense budget, General Ray Odierno, the Army chief of staff at the time, reported that “readiness has been degraded to its lowest level in 20 years. . . . Today we only have 33 percent of our brigades ready to the extent we would expect them to be if asked to fight.” The chief of naval operations at the time, Admiral Jonathan Greenert, said, “Our contingency response force, that’s what’s on call from the United States, is one-third of what it should be and what it needs to be.” The Air Force chief of staff, General Mark Welsh, said that if his airplanes were cars, “we currently have twelve fleets — twelve fleets of airplanes that qualify for antique license plates in the state of Virginia. We must modernize our Air Force.”

The bottom line is that the U.S. can spend far more than other countries on armed forces but still not be spending enough to meet the demands of its strategy. For 70 years, presidents from both parties have pursued a strategy of countering threats before they become so potent that they threaten us here at home. It’s a strategy that has prevented major wars while spreading both freedom and prosperity. Barack Obama has embraced a variant of this strategy as well, yet in his State of the Union address he chose to obscure the fact that the military foundation for executing that strategy has begun to crumble on his watch.

— David Adesnik is policy director of The Foreign Policy Initiative.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719031,"Thank Germany for the Influx of Fake Syrians

By Jillian Kay Melchior — October 15, 2015

Šid, Serbia — Few pause at the border between Serbia and Croatia. An observer might have thought the rush was caused by the rain, unrelenting on Sunday, turning the lush farmlands near Šid into a filthy, shoe-sucking quagmire. But rain was not the only reason to hurry. Europe’s migrants seemed propelled quickly onward by both their past and their future, the chaos they fled and the stability they yearn for.

The rush makes for short interviews. Mucking through the boggy ground, I walked briskly to keep up with some of my interlocutors, scribbling in my notebook as I moved. So I was delighted when a young man in a poncho stopped to talk with me, speaking in fragmented but passable English, his family beside him. The littlest child, dressed in a red coat, gnawed on an inflated animal balloon, and as we spoke, I nervously contemplated choking hazards.

The man introduced himself only as “Karman,” refusing to give his last name but nodding when I showed him the spelling of his first. We photographed them. I asked him where he and his family were from and why they had left. He answered immediately that he’d fled Kobani, Syria, a town on the Turkish border heavily attacked by the Islamic State last year. He told me that his father died in Kobani, along with others.

“It’s not easy living there. My friend was killed. I saw him shot in the head, pop, to the street. I saw it,” he said, adding he was scared of the war. As he spoke, the kid in the red coat bit the balloon harder, and it popped loudly. Everyone flinched. “Kobani is boom” — like the balloon, he said.

It was all a lie.

I posted the photo of “Karman” on my Instagram, along with a brief quote he’d given me. Within hours, a peshmerga friend from Iraq messaged me, telling me that “Karman” was actually Karwan Rahman, also known as Karwan Chewar. He’s a well-known TV reporter from Sulaymaniyah, Kurdistan, one of the few relatively tranquil places in Iraq. He’d made up the entire story he told me.

RELATED: Why So Many of Europe’s Migrants Are Men

I contacted his editors at NRT TV, who confirmed the man in the photo was indeed Karwan, though they did not confirm his current employment status. “We have spoken to Karwan, who denies saying he is from Kobani,” said an editor at NRT. “We have no further statement to give at this time.” Another of Karwan’s NRT colleagues told me Karwan had arrived in Austria since we spoke; he again, according to the NRT colleague, denied he had lied to me.

The editors would not provide Karwan’s phone numbers, so I messaged him through Facebook asking him to explain why he’d told me he was from Kobani. I received no response by deadline.

But as Europe reckons with the biggest migration shift since World War II, experiences like this have become commonplace, in large part because of German policies.

Under the Dublin Regulation, newcomers can apply for asylum only in the first European Union country they entered; those who seek it elsewhere risk deportation. But in late August, the German Federal Office for Migration and Refugees announced it would suspend this policy and offer special treatment to refugees from Syria. Even if newcomers from Syria had passed through other EU countries before arriving, they would be allowed to stay in Germany while their asylum applications were processed.

RELATED: In the Face of a Massive Influx of Migrants, Austria Worries and Wonders

Germany also offers some of the most prodigal assistance packages in Europe for asylum seekers, including cash benefits, housing, child-care benefits, language courses, and food stamps. Berlin has already estimated it will spend at least $$6.7 billion caring for the 800,000 migrants and refugees estimated to arrive in 2015.

So suddenly, it pays to be Syrian — or at least, to claim to be — at a time when overwhelmed European nations are struggling to properly identify and track the hundreds of thousands of newcomers surging across the borders.

“People were prepared to abuse the system,” says Zoltán Kovács, a spokesperson for the Hungarian government, which has taken a more hard-line approach than Germany on the crisis. Many of the newcomers are flagrantly engaging in “asylum-shopping” or “asylum tourism,” he explains, because “they want to go to the wealthiest parts of the European Union.”

Among those who have registered in Hungary, at least a third claim to be from Syria, Kovács says. And last week, Foreign Policy reported that officials at a registration center in Kara Tepe, Greece, estimate that of the 3,000 to 5,000 people who arrived daily over the summer, half said they were Syrian. Some were caught lying outright, for example, after failing to identify Syrian currency, despite claiming Syria as their home country.

RELATED: Many ‘Syrian Refugees’ Are Neither Syrian nor Refugees

“Legal [immigration] is not a choice for many, because they come from safe countries,” Kovács says. “They don’t have papers, or they don’t want to have papers.”

Confirming the nationalities of those crossing the border has also proven difficult for journalists. Some making the journey were able to show me their full ID cards from their country of origin. Others have given me their names, allowing me to track them online and reasonably confirm their past. But others simply have no way of proving they are who they say they are.

Some without identification really are Syrian. They forgot or couldn’t gather their papers in the blur of an emergency departure, or they lost them along the way. Babies born en route, of course, lack paperwork from their parents’ home countries. These genuine refugees face even greater obstacles now that there’s an incentive to lie about national origin.

RELATED: Media Coverage of Europe’s Migrant Crisis Ignores the Long-Term Problems It Poses

And this also opens up other disconcerting possibilities. At best, fraudulent “Syrians” are simply seeking the best possible financial set-up in their new European home. But Europe was already coping with financial strain, and the waves of asylum-seekers have only deepened that problem.

Even worse, some crossing European borders might be faking their identities with the intention of committing acts of violence or terrorism.

“Young men with backpacks are coming in unregistered, unchecked, and we don’t know what’s in that backpack,” says Eugene Megyesy, a senior adviser to Hungary’s prime minister.

Hungarian police have found phones discarded at the borderline, including some with disturbing or violent photos on them, says András Lánczi, the chairman of the Budapest-based Szazadveg Foundation, which has close ties to the Orbán government. It’s unclear whether the phones’ owners took these pictures because they were witnesses to or perpetrators of violence.

With all of this in mind, it seems I lucked out with Karwan. He wasn’t dangerous. And from what I can see, his credibility has rightly taken a hit with his home audience: “Shame on him,” one Instagram commenter wrote on my posting. Another was less subtle, saying he’s “simply a f*cking liar whom I wanna punch in the face whenever I get the chance.”

My hope is that Karwan gets only what he legally — and professionally — merits in Europe. I also pray that the truly deserving Syrian war refugees, who have seen their credibility diminished by liars such as Karwan, find the peace and stability they seek. Still, in an era of fake Syrians, it’s impossible not to appreciate Europeans’ growing unease.

— Jillian Kay Melchior writes for National Review as a Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow for the Franklin Center. She is also a senior fellow at the Independent Women’s Forum and the Tony Blankley Fellow at the Steamboat Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716247,"The GOP and Animal Intelligence

By Molly Powell — March 25, 2013

For those of us, unlike Representative Paul Broun, who prefer our exotic animals alive and well, rather than dead and on display next to the table lamp in our office, this weekend’s Wall Street Journal has a terrific story about animal intelligence. As in: We’ve greatly underestimated it:

A growing body of evidence shows . . . that we have grossly underestimated both the scope and the scale of animal intelligence. Can an octopus use tools? Do chimpanzees have a sense of fairness? Can birds guess what others know? Do rats feel empathy for their friends? Just a few decades ago we would have answered “no” to all such questions. Now we’re not so sure.

We’ve also underestimated the depth of the GOP’s branding problem if we think that the image of a man spending big bucks to go to Africa and kill and eat a young lion is appealing to most voters. It’s the very cliché of a cold-hearted Republican, even if the hunter in question supports conservation efforts (perhaps to ensure there will always be exotic animals to hunt).

More intelligent GOP outreach, and better office décor: a gorgeous photo of elephants.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
538643,"And the Award Goes . . . to Arty Nihilism.

The Golden Globes and Oscars overlook a number of worthy films.

By Thomas S. Hibbs — January 25, 2008

Hollywood’s obsession with stylish nihilism is on full display in the list of best-picture nominees for both the Golden Globes and the Oscars. From Eastern Promises and No Country for Old Men to There Will be Blood and Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, the end-of-year critics’ lists are awash in blood and violence. The inordinate critical acclaim these movies have enjoyed tells us more about those who vote for the annual awards than it does about the year in film. This past year featured a glut of graphic violence masquerading as high art, to be sure, but it also witnessed a welcome return to entertaining and even subtle storytelling.

In the universe of official Globe and Oscar voters, there is nearly universal consensus about the year’s best films. Both awards gave Best Picture nominations to Michael Clayton, No Country for Old Men, There Will be Blood, and Atonement. Where the Globes also listed The Great Debaters, American Gangster and Eastern Promises, Oscar adds Juno. When you consider that the Globe winner for Best Musical or Comedy is the blood-soaked Sweeney Todd — which, despite being very funny, eventually becomes overwhelmingly grotesque — the trend is clear: a penchant for hyper-aesthetic, violent films that do more than simply flirt with nihilism.

Of course, the Golden Globe winner for best drama, Atonement, is not a violent film; instead, it is an understated British study in guilt and the desire for reparation. The film is not really about atonement, but about its impossibility. Thus, it too binds nihilism and art — or to be more precise, attempts to overcome nihilism through art in a way typical of contemporary film. The dichotomy between art and life resurfaces in a dramatically awkward way at film’s end, rendering the conclusion both anguished and feeble. (The year’s best film about striving and failing to transform a nihilistic existence into high art is the foreign film, La Vie en Rose, the tormented life of French chanteuse Edith Piaf.)

Even the high-budget blockbuster American Gangster, with its numerous and forced allusions to The Godfather, has pretensions to artistry. Its main character, Frank Lucas, played by Denzel Washington, is a mobster whom we are supposed to find simultaneously charming and horrifying. But the film’s lack of restraint leads any sensible viewer to lose all sympathy for Lucas. In the end, even his reluctant conversion to cooperation with justice is unconvincing. (A much better treatment of the violent world of mob politics, and the impossibility of escaping involvement in it once you’ve begun, can be found in the Hong Kong release, Triad Election.)

All I will say about Eastern Promises is that it is a bleak story of violence that critics seem to love mainly because it featured an unusual scene of Viggo Mortensen engaged in a brutal fight to the death while naked in the shower. Now that’s cutting edge.

The most lavishly praised film of the year is There Will be Blood, a visually mesmerizing period piece and character-driven story about a ruthless oil speculator in the American Southwest at the turn of the 20th century. By the end, however, the film’s meticulous attention to character, mood, and dialogue degenerates into nihilistic farce.

By contrast, No Country for Old Men is not nearly as ambitious. It features a mercilessly rational serial killer who in the end escapes accountability. The main problem with the film is that it has curtailed too much of the narrative voice from Cormac McCarthy’s novel, a voice that provides a counter to the inexplicable evil that dominates the screen version. If McCarthy’s printed narrative fails in the end to make sense out of his anti-hero’s malevolence, it nonetheless provides an alternative to the evil protagonist’s soulless world that mere cinematography cannot deliver.

These heavily flacked films are not the last word on the year in pictures. If we want a bloody, violent film with an engaging plot and a suggestion of redemption, we might turn to the remake of 3:10 to Yuma, starring Russell Crowe and Christian Bale — even if its conclusion would have profited from greater restraint. (I was also grateful that the release of this film prodded me to watch the original, 1957 version with Glenn Ford and Van Heflin, which is well worth a look.)

The Great Debaters is among the most entertaining films of the year. It is an inspiring film that invites viewers to consider serous issues of race, prejudice, and justice. In its reference to Saint Augustine’s line that an “unjust law is not a law,” it raises the question of whether reform of our laws is possible without some notion of a natural law.

Juno is also a very entertaining film; like Bella, Knocked Up, and Waitress, Juno focuses on a pregnant woman who elects to carry to term what is (initially, at least) an unwanted baby. The prominence of such films led Christianity Today to suggest that we might call 2007 the year of the pro-life film. Yet it is important to see that, unlike John Irving’s blatantly propagandistic Cider House Rules from a few years back, these films are not ideologically driven. Roger Ebert only moderately overpraises Juno, when he calls it the best film of the year. (The best commentary on the film’s cultural significance can be found in Amanda Shaw’s First Things review.)

Also among the most entertaining films of the year is The Bourne Ultimatum, an intelligent spy thriller with perfect pacing and with some surprisingly subtle musings on identity and conscience. But the best of the entertaining movies of the year is clearly David Fincher’s Zodiac, a film that supplies the obligatory creepiness of a serial-killer storyline, aided by a soundtrack featuring Donovan’s eerie “Hurdy Gurdy Man.” The film is less a standard serial-killer drama than a complex story of police detection. Covering many years, the film depicts the interactions between a crime writer, a cop, and an editorial cartoonist — all of them caught up in and transformed by the hunt for and prosecution of the infamous San Francisco killer.

As for films that are not just entertaining and inspiring but edifying in artistically subtle ways, there are two films that deserve special mention, neither of which is receiving anything more than marginal notice in the end-of-year contests. An indie Irish film set in the seedy streets of Dublin, Once is about friendship, musical collaboration, and love. Glen Hansard, front-man for The Frames (and who you may remember from the 1991 film The Commitments), and Markéta Irglová not only star in the film but collaborated on most of its original score. The film portrays struggling artists and the making of music — not as a means to narcissistic self-expression, but to articulating the deepest longings of the human heart. As Wendell Berry might put it: the film is about imagination, which bridges the gap between individuals, and not about fantasy, which is of the solitary self. Once is a great antidote not just to the big-budget films of the year but also to the standard music-making story featured in VH1’s Behind the Music.

For visionary, experimental film-making that manages to touch the most fundamental longing of the human heart, Into Great Silence stands alone among all recent films. With its close observation of the daily rituals of Carthusian monks in the Grand Chartreuse monastery, its detailed attention to the changing seasons in the gorgeous French Alps, and its stylistic minimalism — there’s no narration and no soundtrack — Silence is a remarkably innovative film, a film to which the only appropriate response is gratitude.

Although they may be neglected in the celebrated Globe and Oscar nominations, the best movies of 2007 illustrate that the medium of film is still capable of producing wholesome entertainment — and occasionally, even great art.

– Thomas Hibbs is distinguished professor of ethics and culture at Baylor University and author of the forthcoming book, Arts of Darkness.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
700962,"What Judge Bolton’s Injunction Doesn’t Say

By Heather Mac Donald — July 28, 2010

In enjoining Arizona’s landmark immigration law, U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton maintains the Obama administration’s carefully cultivated fiction: that what concerns the White House regarding S.B. 1070 is its effect on legal, rather than illegal, aliens. Almost nowhere in the government’s briefs or the judge’s ruling is the arrest and detention of illegal aliens addressed. This fiction is transparent, however. The real threat posed by S.B. 1070 was that it would disrupt the de facto amnesty that the executive branch has accorded to the vast majority of illegal aliens. It would start to implement congressional mandates and the public will that the immigration laws be enforced. For that reason, it had to be stopped.

So determined was Judge Bolton to follow the Obama administration’s political strategy regarding the law’s putative impact on legal immigrants that she exploited a drafting error in the law that Arizona had already acknowledged and repudiated. S.B. 1070 authorizes local law-enforcement officers to check the immigration status of individuals they have lawfully stopped, if they have reasonable suspicion that the individual is in the country illegally, and if the inquiry into immigration status is practicable. S.B. 1070 also required that “any person who is arrested shall have the person’s immigration status determined before the person is released.” Arizona stated in its brief and testified in court that the legislative intent behind that sentence regarding arrestees was that only people for whom there is already reasonable suspicion that they are in the country illegally would have their immigration status checked after arrest. The section does not apply to every arrestee.

Judge Bolton rejected that testimony, however, in order to buttress the White House claim that large numbers of legal aliens would be subject to immigration inquiries if S.B. 1070 went into effect. As the Justice Department portrayed it, and as Judge Bolton affirmed, massive categories of legal aliens by definition do not have proof of their legal status with them. If those legal aliens are now to be queried about their immigration status following every arrest in Arizona, they will be subject to undue harassment, the federal government and the judge concluded.

The only lawful aliens to whom the judge could point who would not necessarily have proof of status “readily available” to them, however (neither the federal government nor the judge asserted that proof of status was “unavailable” to such individuals), were visitors from visa-waiver countries, asylum applicants who have not yet received a green card, victims of certain enumerated crimes such as trafficking who are assisting law enforcement, and women who have petitioned for relief under the Violence Against Women Act. But presumably the lawful status of such aliens would be known to the federal government. If an Arizona officer inquired into those aliens’ immigration status, ICE would tell the officer that the person is authorized to be in the country, ending the investigation.

Furthermore, the number of such individuals who would also be in a position to raise an officer’s reasonable suspicion that they were in the country illegally is extremely small. In a petition for injunctive relief, a judge must balance the equities in favor of both parties. The interest of Arizona, where 500,000 illegal aliens reside, in restoring the rule of law should be weighed against the interest of those small numbers of legal aliens or aliens whose status is in abeyance and who might be questioned regarding their immigration status because they have raised a reasonable suspicion that they are in the country illegally.

Judge Bolton’s ruling regarding S.B. 1070’s provision on the possession of immigration documents verges on bad faith. S.B. 1070 adopts virtually verbatim a federal law requiring lawful aliens to carry their immigration papers with them; the Arizona version merely lessens the federal penalties regarding the amount of the fine and possible jail time for violation of the federal document requirement. As the judge notes, federal registration power is exclusive; Congress’s registration scheme may not be altered by the states. But nothing in S.B. 1070 changes the rules for registration; the Arizona law merely confirms those rules in state law. Judge Bolton alleges that the Arizona provision “alters the penalties” in the federal law, without disclosing that the Arizona law lowers them. She concludes without the slightest trace of argument that the Arizona document provision “stands as an obstacle to the uniform federal registration scheme and is therefore impermissible.”

The only factually plausible objection to S.B. 1070’s document requirement and to the provision authorizing inquiries into an alien’s status is that Arizona may penalize someone for being in the country illegally whom the federal government intends to ignore. It is the effect of the law on illegal aliens, not on legal ones, that has most upset the Obama administration and illegal-alien advocates (the Bush administration would probably have reacted similarly). A large reason why S.B. 1070’s impact on illegal aliens was so carefully kept offstage in the federal government’s brief and the judge’s ruling is that Congress has repeatedly expressed its intention that local governments cooperate with the federal government in the “apprehension, detention or removal or [illegal] aliens,” as a 1996 federal law declares. The very immigration-information clearinghouse that Judge Bolton worries would be overtaxed by S.B. 1070 was created to effectuate Congress’s mandate that the federal and local governments share information regarding illegal aliens. As the Senate declared in 1996 when banning sanctuary laws (a ban whose disregard in Arizona led to S.B. 1070): “illegal aliens do not have a right to remain in the U.S. undetected and apprehended.” If in fact that information clearinghouse becomes burdened with “too many” inquiries from Arizona, it’s for the executive branch to seek greater funding. Congress never said: We want information sharing, but only up to a point. Moreover, many of Arizona’s own law-enforcement officers are capable of using the federal immigration database without needing to go through federal channels.

The vast majority of the public supports immigration enforcement. S.B. 1070 promised to make such enforcement a reality. For the moment, the public will has been defeated, which is why S.B. 1070’s effect on illegal immigration was the one aspect of the law that neither the Obama administration or Judge Bolton dared to address.

– Heather Mac Donald is a contributing editor to City Journal and a co-author of The Immigration Solution.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
600581,"The signs of Iraqi desperation are clear. Saddam’s regime has now deployed its most fearsome weapons: not chemical weapons, but…Peter Arnett! Or maybe he is an agent of Fox News, whose mission is to discredit NBC.

Arnett has quite a storied record of anti-American broadcasting over the years. It began during the Vietnam War. There are many examples of his anti-American slant during that conflict, but one of the best examples is his report of an anonymous U.S. officer who allegedly claimed that “we had to destroy the village to save it.” This, of course, became the foremost symbol of the meaninglessness of the war. And who can forget his infamous “baby milk” story during the first Gulf War? Most people thought that his pro-Saddam spin would do him in. They were wrong.

Not too long ago, he was fired by CNN in conjunction with the “Tailwind” story, the report he filed claiming that the United States had used sarin gas (a nerve agent) against U.S. defectors during the Vietnam War. The report was ridiculous on its face and sure enough, the story collapsed almost immediately. One would have thought that this debacle would have ended his career, but there he was again Sunday night, propagandizing on Iraqi TV on behalf of Saddam’s charnel house just as he did in 1991.

But perhaps we shouldn’t be so hard on Arnett. True, he took credit on Iraqi TV for stories that strengthened the position of the war’s opponents, but one of his main claims was merely a variation of what many in the American press were saying right here in the United States: that coalition military planners were now rewriting the strategy for the war in Iraq because of unexpectedly tough Iraqi resistance.

Until this issue arose, I had no idea how many military experts there were among those covering the war. Who would have thought that reporters would be bandying about the term “operational pause?” But there they were, repeatedly peppering Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Richard Meyers, and CENTCOM commander General Tommy Franks with questions concerning alleged revisions of the plan to deal with unexpected events, such as guerilla attacks against the coalitions supply lines running from Kuwait to Baghdad and resistance by the Fedayeen Saddam and other irregulars.

Reporters were keying off a story in the Washington Post in which Lt. Gen. William Wallace, commander of the Army’s Fifth Corps was quoted as saying that the war as it was unfolding was different than the one he and his subordinate commanders had “war gamed.” In conjunction with other reports claiming that Gen. Franks’s request for additional forces had been overruled by Secretary Rumsfeld, the Wallace story lent credence to rumors that there was disagreement on how to conduct the war between the Pentagon’s civilian leaders and the uniformed military.

Rumors of dissension are not new. For months, every reporter with a source in the Pentagon or Tampa was writing about competing plans for the war in Iraq. I summarized these various approaches in NRO on August 14, 2002 (“With Eyes Wide Open”). The profusion of leaked “plans” led the Financial Times of London to editorialize on July 30, 2002 that “Never in the field of human conflict has so much war planning been revealed to so many by so few. The Bush administration seems to have a different strategy for dealing with Saddam Hussein every day of the week.”

During a Pentagon briefing the day after the apparent attempt to take out Saddam and his top lieutenants with a precision strike, a reporter remarked that the strike did not seem to be in accordance with “the plan.” Secretary Rumsfeld’s reply to the reporter was: “in fact, you don’t have the plan, and that’s not a bad thing.”

I don’t know the particulars of CENTCOM’s war plan, and neither does anyone else outside of the appropriate military staffs, but based on what has happened since the beginning of the war, the quotation from Helmuth von Moltke in my last NRO piece, “Keep Thinking ‘Main Thing’,” appears to be on target. The commander, wrote Moltke, must keep his objective in mind, undisturbed by the vicissitudes of events. But the path on which he hopes to reach it can never be firmly established in advance. Throughout the campaign he must make a series of decisions on the basis of situations that cannot be foreseen. The successive acts of war are thus not premeditated designs, but, on the contrary, are spontaneous acts guided by military measures. Everything depends on penetrating the uncertainty of veiled situations to evaluate the facts, to clarify the unknown, to make decisions rapidly, and then to carry them out with strength and constancy.

Thus a plan is merely a starting point that must be modified as circumstances change.

As best as I can ascertain, the war plan for Iraq was designed to cause paralysis by simultaneously attacking the pillars of Saddam’s power: the Baath party, internal-security forces, and the Republican Guard. For a variety of reasons, the desired outcome — the rapid collapse of the regime — did not occur. The path to the objective had to be modified. This is not rewriting the plan but modifying elements of it “on the basis of situations that cannot be foreseen.”

A campaign is a series of integrated operations designed by means of movements and combats to achieve a strategic goal within a theater of operations. In 1991, air operations preceded ground operations. This time, “shock and awe” called for the simultaneous applications of air, ground, and special operations. It was a gamble worth the risk and it did not foreclose other options.

Some pundits and reporters have argued that the force assembled for the current war not large enough. But this claim is essentially meaningless without considering “risk,” which is measured in terms of the possible costs (time and casualties) of a given course of action. It is possible to imagine a “minimum risk” force, one so large that the addition of one more unit would not appreciably affect the outcome. But based on circumstances existing on 19 March, 2003, the president and his military advisers decided that the combination of air, naval, land, and special-operations forces in theater were adequate to implement the campaign plan.

Would Gen. Franks prefer to have another heavy division or two? The answer is undoubtedly yes. This is because of the soldier’s understandable propensity to hedge against uncertainty and the likelihood that things won’t go as planned. But there would also have been risks associated with assembling such a force. Would it have been better to advance more deliberately, attempting to avoid the long supply lines associates with the dash for Baghdad? Perhaps, but such a cautious plan would have incurred risks of its own, perhaps permitting the Iraqis more time to consolidate their defenses in the south, thereby delaying the advance on Baghdad to the advantage of Saddam’s regime.

In military operations, there is something called the “culminating point of victory.” As an attacker advances, the power of the attack gradually exhausts itself. If the attacker goes beyond the culminating point, the advantage may shift to the defender. To avoid such an outcome, an attacker may resort to an “operational pause” to consolidate his position before continuing the attack. Some have suggested that this is the situation the coalition currently faces.

There is no evidence that even the land operation has reached the culminating point of the attack. In addition, any claim that there is an operational pause ignores the multifaceted nature of the coalition campaign. As ground forces consolidate their position, air operations and activity by special-operations forces take up the slack. It is doubtful that the Iraqis perceive any operational pause. No wonder they have deployed their weapon of last resort: Peter Arnett.

— Mackubin Thomas Owens, an NRO contributing editor, is on leave from the Naval War College in Newport, R.I., to write a history of U.S. civil-military relations.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
718522,"President Obama is whistling past the graveyard of his foreign-policy failures. In his State of the Union address last night, he summarily dismissed “all the rhetoric you hear about our enemies getting stronger and America getting weaker.” “The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period,” he said. “It’s not even close.” That is true, but even the strongest nation can get progressively weaker while threats multiply, as they have on Obama’s watch.

To support his argument, the president reminded his audience that “we spend more on our military than the next eight nations combined.” Again, that is true, yet it’s also a statistic without context. It ignores the strategic rationale for having an incomparable military. Obama’s comparison leaves the false impression that as long as the U.S. is spending more than others, then the armed forces are in good condition. But they aren’t.

Comparing the U.S. defense budget with the rest of the top ten misses the point that our military serves a fundamentally different purpose from that of the armed forces of all other nations. (Incidentally, depending on how you count, the U.S. may spend more than only the next seven nations combined.) For China, Russia, Iran, and others, the primary purpose of armed force is to intimidate neighbors and punish nearby states that resist their influence. However, the United States is in the business of global leadership. We have to be prepared to fight terrorism and resist aggression in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.

RELATED: Get Serious on Defense

Projecting power across the oceans is difficult and expensive. The United States has eleven aircraft carriers, while no other nation has more than one. The Nimitz-class carriers now in service cost about $$9 billion (adjusted for inflation) a piece to build. Each one has crew of about 4,500 sailors and an air wing that typically consists of 44 F/A-18 fighters as well as an array of other types of planes and helicopters. The maintenance and training requirements for a cutting-edge force are demanding, and the Navy needs an inventory of eleven carriers to ensure that there will always be one cruising the waters of the Western Pacific while another patrols the Mideast.

The U.S. can spend far more than other countries on armed forces but still not be spending enough to meet the demands of its strategy.

For critics, the cost of keeping such a potent force on the front lines may seem excessive. Yet President Obama knows firsthand how valuable it can be. In the summer of 2014, when he ordered the first U.S. airstrikes against the Islamic State, there were no planes within range of the intended targets. Within 30 hours, the aircraft carrier USS George H. W. Bush arrived in the Persian Gulf, where its F/A-18s began to fly 20 to 30 sorties per day. For 54 days, there was no other source of American air power. The U.S. encountered a similar situation after 9/11. According to a recent report from the Hudson Institute, aircraft from three carriers “provides 72 percent of combat sorties in the early stages of the campaign when the United States did not have access to Central Asian airbases.”

Aircraft carriers provide only one example of the unique expeditionary capabilities paid for by our defense budget. We also have a Marine Corps that can rapidly deploy across the globe, even when it expects a hostile welcome. We have an Army that can sustain decisive land power in hostile environments. We have an Air Force that can dominate the skies anywhere.

The only way to sustain these capabilities is with a budget that far outpaces those of our competitors. Yet by offering a facile comparison of the U.S. defense budget with the military spending of other powers, Obama avoids confronting the fact that steep budget cuts , which go by the name of sequestration, have seriously compromised the readiness of the U.S. armed forces to execute their missions. That is what military leaders have stated time and again in their testimony before Congress.

RELATED: America’s Defense Still Requires Aircraft Carriers

At a major hearing last January, which preceded the submission of the president’s defense budget, General Ray Odierno, the Army chief of staff at the time, reported that “readiness has been degraded to its lowest level in 20 years. . . . Today we only have 33 percent of our brigades ready to the extent we would expect them to be if asked to fight.” The chief of naval operations at the time, Admiral Jonathan Greenert, said, “Our contingency response force, that’s what’s on call from the United States, is one-third of what it should be and what it needs to be.” The Air Force chief of staff, General Mark Welsh, said that if his airplanes were cars, “we currently have twelve fleets — twelve fleets of airplanes that qualify for antique license plates in the state of Virginia. We must modernize our Air Force.”

The bottom line is that the U.S. can spend far more than other countries on armed forces but still not be spending enough to meet the demands of its strategy. For 70 years, presidents from both parties have pursued a strategy of countering threats before they become so potent that they threaten us here at home. It’s a strategy that has prevented major wars while spreading both freedom and prosperity. Barack Obama has embraced a variant of this strategy as well, yet in his State of the Union address he chose to obscure the fact that the military foundation for executing that strategy has begun to crumble on his watch.

— David Adesnik is policy director of The Foreign Policy Initiative.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
668443,"Voting Irregularities in Wisconsin

By Gary Marx — April 12, 2011

As readers know by now, the momentum in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race turned dramatically in Justice Prosser’s favor when it was discovered that some 14,000 votes had not been reported by Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus. The new 7,000-vote margin between Prosser and Kloppenburg — which is probably impossible to overcome in a recount — has driven Wisconsin union activists and their left-wing allies to throw a massive fit. Congresswoman Tammy Baldwin even wants the Department of Justice to investigate. That’s wingnuttery.

As Professor Rick Esenberg explained:

There were no votes “found” and no change in the official results. It is inaccurate to call what happened a “ballot blunder.” It was not a “counting” error. The votes were not overlooked by the inspectors in the City of Brookfield. They were counted and reported to the county clerk. It was an error in reporting to the media by the county clerk. If she would have reported results by municipality on election night, it would have been immediately evident. In fact, in retrospect, those of us who were following the AP results in real time may have seen it happen when Waukesha’s number of precincts reporting changed without a change in the vote totals.

The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel’s Craig Gilbert and the New York Times’s Nate Silver have both conducted their own analyses of the votes and demonstrated that the revised vote count actually puts Waukesha County in line with expected vote totals, whereas the initial count showed it to be an outlier in light of the heavy turnout. And WisPolitics.com reported that Kevin Kennedy, the director of the organization responsible for overseeing elections in Wisconsin, believes that “the final canvass numbers in the city of Brookfield match the initial tallies from poll workers on Election Night.”

The actual ballots will be counted soon enough and everyone but the radical fringe will be convinced that Justice Prosser received more votes than his challenger. But so long as those fringe agitators are investigating possible voter fraud, perhaps they could look into a 10,000-vote irregularity in Dane County that caught my attention. According to Daily Caller contributor Matthew Boyle:

On an estimated more than 10,000 ballots in Dane County, Wisconsin, where the state capital Madison is, voters selected only a pick in the Supreme Court race, while leaving even the hotly contested mayoral and county executive choices blank.

As you probably guessed, those 10,000 voters selected Kloppenburg. I’m sure Congresswoman Baldwin’s office is all over it and that we’ll soon learn that she has asked DOJ to broaden its investigation to cover Dane County.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
322545,"This morning, CIA director nominee and Kansas representative Mike Pompeo testified in front of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. And Senator Kamala Harris, a Democrat from California, used her time to question Pompeo about his positions on gay marriage and climate change.

Here is the video:

“Your voting record and stated position on gay marriage and the importance of having a traditional family structure for raising children is pretty clear,” Harris said. “Can you commit to me that your personal views on this issue will remain your personal views and will not impact internal policies that you put in place at the CIA?”

After receiving Pompeo’s assurance that he would treat his employees fairly, Harris moved on to the question of climate change. “As the director of CIA, I would prefer today to not get into the details of climate debate and science,” Pompeo said. “My role is going to be so different and unique from that. It is going to be to work alongside warriors keeping Americans safe.”

Unhappy with his response, Harris pressed for a “guarantee” that the two of them would have a follow-up conversation on climate change. Someone’s running for president . . .",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241801,"There are times when watching progressives try to grapple with their own conceptual contradictions is like watching a blind man with Crisco on his hands trying to juggle chainsaws. Broadway theater, an aggressively leftist institution, is today presenting the following spectacle: A white actor has been shamed out of playing a white character in a Broadway show because it would have been hurtful to black actors.

Mandy Patinkin, a reliable box-office attraction on Broadway going back to the 1970s (Evita) and a star of television (Criminal Minds, Homeland) and film (The Princess Bride), was set to take over the lead male role in the musical Natasha, Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812, replacing Josh Groban, whose popularity is widely credited with making the oddball show a success. Great Comet, with original songs and a story based on (a small slice of) War and Peace, wasn’t an obvious candidate for box-office glory, but Groban’s huge fan base filled the seats. “It wasn’t Leo Tolstoy who turned out the crowds,” notes New York Post theater columnist Michael Riedel, the definitive Broadway observer. “It was Josh Groban.” Post-Groban, advance ticket sales for late summer and fall were “catastrophically low,” the show’s composer, Dave Malloy, said.

When Groban left the show on the expiration of his contract on July 2, the boyish baritone was temporarily replaced by an unknown, Okieriete “Oak” Onaodowan, whom Patinkin would have replaced. Onaodowan is black. Patinkin isn’t. So an utterly routine fact of Broadway life — star replaces non-star — was dressed up in racial outrage. Social media seethed. The Daily News headline read “‘Great Comet’ actor Okieriete Onaodowan shoved aside for Mandy Patinkin, causing outcry.” One actor, Rafael Casal, tweeted, “Telling lead actors of color to #makeroom? Really? @greatcometbway #makeroom is the new code for ‘still not your turn.’” Actress Cynthia Erivo, who won a Tony in 2015 for The Color Purple, also took exception, tweeting, “This has been handled badly. Ticket sales shouldn’t override a person doing his job” and “Oak worked extremely hard for this. Which makes this occurrence distasteful and uncouth.”

Patinkin withdrew from the show, groveling. The producers who hired him also scraped and begged forgiveness, as did the composer. All did much agonizing about how they should have better understood the “optics.” Then Onaodowan himself quit, announcing that August 13 would bring his last performance.

So Great Comet, which now doesn’t have a big-name star in either lead role, is in even more severe danger of closing soon. “Ticket sales shouldn’t override a person doing his job?” Soon, everyone associated with The Great Comet will be out of a job if the show can’t find a way to boost ticket sales. Onaodowan, by the way, would have received full pay for the lead role after yielding to the bigger star. So no one would have suffered any economic loss in the event that Patinkin had taken the stage. A major social-justice win in this instance amounts to probably throwing a bunch of left-wing showbiz people of color out of work.

Diversity, on Broadway, has been promoted as a market necessity: A lot of people out there are black. We need black actors on stage so they will buy tickets. After a quarter of a century of color-blind casting — pretending that, say, blacks and whites saw each other as peers in 1906 Oklahoma — any Broadway theatergoer can tell you that the audience is still about as ethnically diverse as Provo. It’s more authentic to reflect the diversity of our society runs another argument. Maybe, but if the society depicted on stage happens to be the salons of 1812 Moscow, how much sense does that make? The female lead who played opposite Groban in The Great Comet, Denée Benton, is black, meaning this show has had at least one black lead actor for its entire run, and for a while starred black performers in both lead roles. Given the immense level of artifice that inheres in the theater, such “non-traditional casting” is hardly worth taking notice of anymore, but can it really be the case that casting actors who look like the characters they’re playing should generate shock and revulsion? Should non-non-traditional casting make us angry? The estate of the late Edward Albee stipulates that in all productions of his masterwork Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf? white people should play the white characters, and this decision too was met with appalled disbelief. Yet the play, which takes place in the early 1960s, would have to be rewritten if black actors were playing George or Martha. No one on Broadway seems particularly eager to cast an all-white version of A Raisin in the Sun or The Color Purple, and there’s good reason to respect traditional casting of those plays too.

The brouhaha over The Great Comet is illustrative of the race hysteria of progressivism: Nothing makes progs feel more morally superior than detecting racism in everything — whether it’s promoting school choice, expressing cultural pride for symphonies, or manufacturing white Skittles. Having tuned their racism Geiger counter up to ever more sensitive levels, they realize that when it’s used against them, blameless acts of their own could also be seen as racist. And so they shriek and cower and beg forgiveness for . . . being falsely accused of racism. The funniest show on Broadway these days isn’t even on stage.

READ MORE:

Confederate: HBO’s Civil War Drama is Not Pro-Slavery

Artists against Theater

Elizabeth Banks’s Interview on Diversity was Wrong

— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
460632,"House majority leader Eric Cantor is increasingly frustrated with a group of House Republicans who are working against the leadership, and he’s not afraid of voicing his dismay.

In a closed-door conference meeting on Wednesday, Cantor told one GOP member that if they blocked the Senate-passed Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) from coming to the floor, they’d cause “civil war” in the ranks.

Cantor’s comment irked some Republican aides, who told National Review Online that such strong language is inappropriate. In recent days, some conservatives have been upset about the Senate’s version of VAWA, saying that parts of the bill are unconstitutional.

Nevertheless, Cantor’s warning may have had an effect. When the bill came to the floor on Wednesday, only nine Republicans voted against the rule to take up the bill.

Tensions between backbenchers and the leadership, however, are evident. Behind the scenes, House Republicans raised concerns about VAWA throughout the day. Eventually, though, the rule passed, 414–9, and the House plans a final vote on the Senate’s version of VAWA on Thursday.

The nine who voted against the rule include Georgia Senate candidate Paul Broun and potential Iowa Senate candidate Steve King.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
445205,"Plus one article on Google Plus

My friend Ethan Gehrke took this picture yesterday during the pro-choice activity at the Texas statehouse.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434744,"Bill Clinton recently defended his high-priced speeches by explaining that he’s “gotta pay our bills,” but Peter Schweizer’s much-discussed forthcoming book Clinton Cash suggests that there’s a sense in which Hillary Clinton has been the real family breadwinner of late.

“The really troubling thing about Bill’s speeches is the apparent correlation between his fees and Hillary’s decisions during her tenure as secretary of state,” Schweizer writes in the book, which comes out tomorrow. “The timing of the payments, the much higher than average size of some of them, and the subsequent actions taken by Hillary raise serious questions about just what those who underwrote these exorbitant fees were actually paying for.”

RELATED: The Dirty Business of the Billary Machine, Again

Schweizer’s “podium economics” chapter starts with a project that conservatives actually support — the Keystone XL pipeline. TD Bank, a Canadian company, is the “single-biggest shareholder” in the pipeline, and the single-biggest source of speaking fees for Bill Clinton.

“TD Bank paid Bill $$1.8 million for ten speeches over a roughly two-and-a-half year period from late 2008 to mid-2011,” he writes. When Bill Clinton submitted these speeches to the State Department ethics officials, he “didn’t indicate that TD Bank was a major investor in Keystone XL.” The construction of the pipeline, of course, required a permit from the State Department.

After leaving the White House, Bill Clinton gave 13 speeches for which he was paid $$500,000 or more; eleven of them took place while Hillary was in charge of the State Department.

Did the speeches affect the outcome of the pipeline permitting process? “In August 2011, the State Department released a final environmental impact statement that was seen as largely supportive of the pipeline,” the book notes. Bill Clinton endorsed its construction in 2012, and even Hillary Clinton “touted the project on the grounds of ‘energy security,’” according to Schweizer. Unfortunately for TD Bank, President Obama has refused to approve the pipeline.

RELATED: Do the Clintons Even Care about How Their Myriad Scandals Affect Their Public Image?

Schweizer then turns his attention to Ericsson, a Swedish telecom company that was providing services to the Iranian government, despite its sponsorship of terrorism, at a time when the State Department was cracking down on such deals.

“Ericsson decided to sponsor a speech by Bill Clinton and paid him more than he had ever been paid for a single speech: $$750,000,” Schweizer writes. “According to Clinton financial disclosures, in the previous ten years Ericsson had never sponsored a Clinton speech. But now it apparently thought would be a good time to do so.” Clinton gave the speech on November 12, 2011. “One week later, on November 19, the State Department unveiled its new sanctions list for Iran,” the book continues. “Telecom was not on the list.” Even when Obama imposed sanctions on telecom sales by executive order in 2012, “ those sanctions did not cover Ericsson’s work in Iran.”

RELATED: The Bloom Is off the Clinton Rose

If Schweizer’s theory is correct, Obama’s rapprochement with Iran paid dividends for the Clintons more than once. Just as the United Arab Emirates’ royal family started to worry that the U.S. and Iran would cut a deal that would endanger the tiny country, Bill Clinton received $$500,000 from the Emirati government to give a speech in Abu Dhabi.

“What is striking about the speech is not what Clinton said but the timing of the payment,” Schweizer writes. “Even as Bill was being introduced to the audience by the crown prince of the UAE, the prince’s brother (the foreign minister) was en route to Washington for meetings with none other than Hillary.”

Did the Clintons also benefit from the “pivot to Asia” in Obama’s first term? “At this critical time for U.S.-China relations, Bill Clinton gave a number of speeches that were underwritten by the Chinese government and its supporters.” One speech alone netted him $$550,000. “Prior to Hillary’s appointment as secretary of state, Bill had given only two speeches on the Chinese mainland, for a total of $$450,000.”

“They make large payments and favorable actions are taken,” Schweizer said in a recent interview. “I don’t think that coincidences occur that frequently.”

Schweizer notes that the ethics officers reviewing these speeches had a tough job. “Bill Clinton’s office never provided anything but a cursory description of who was paying for each speech,” the book says. “For good measure, all correspondence pertaining to Bill’s speeches between his office and the ethics office was copied to Cheryl Mills, Hillary’s chief of staff and Bill’s longtime friend.”

The list provided in the “podium economics” chapter of Schweizer’s book is by no means exhaustive. After leaving the White House, Bill Clinton gave 13 speeches for which he was paid $$500,000 or more; eleven of them took place while Hillary was in charge of the State Department. “They make large payments and favorable actions are taken,” Schweizer said in a recent interview. “I don’t think that coincidences occur that frequently.”

— Joel Gehrke is a political reporter for National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720275,"While in Damascus for the last few days, I picked up a copy of Syria Today, the country’s main English-language magazine. This month’s issue features an interview with Charles Hunter, the chargé d’affaires at the U.S. embassy, and the article should be Exhibit A on why U.S. public diplomacy is lousy and why the State Department needs more congressional oversight, not less.

Hunter was asked, “Why, during a period of rapprochement, did the U.S. president and Congress renew sanctions on Syria?” and “What needs to happen for the sanctions to be lifted?”

He explained:

Sanctions are complicated and difficult to explain in brief. There is the Syrian Accountability Act which was passed by Congress. The administration cannot rescind or otherwise change this act independently. While we hope that in time the conditions will change, it is the administration’s view that the two specific orders that need annual renewal remain relevant because there has been insufficient change in the original conditions under which the orders were created.

Anyway, focusing on the sanctions doesn’t capture the scope of change in the US approach to Syria and the change in the bilateral relationship. There has been an evolution. From the beginning of the Obama presidency, there has been a different way of talking about Syria. When Under Secretary William Burns was in Syria in February 2010, he stressed the importance of mutual respect, finding common ground and working jointly on issues.

Moreover, the US has removed its objections to Syria joining the World Trade Organization. For a number of years, we have heard concerns about the safety of civil aviation in Syria. As a result, this year we have accepted requests [for export licenses] for spare engine parts that will allow for the overhaul of the whole Syrian air fleet…

Actually, sanctions are neither complicated nor difficult to explain. Congress passed the Syrian Accountability Act in 2003 because of Syrian interference in Lebanon, its development of WMD, and its efforts to destabilize Iraq violently.

Hunter may resent any punitive actions toward Syria because it makes his job more difficult, or because he thinks the Assad regime is sincere in its claims to desire peace. I don’t know; I’ve never met the man. But refusing to explain why Congress passed the law is wrongheaded. It leaves unchallenged Syrian propaganda and fails to inform the Syrian public that it is their government’s behavior that is the problem, not that of the United States.

It’s time for Congress to ask Hunter and the U.S. embassy in Damascus what they have done to explain U.S. positions not only to the Syrian regime but also to the Syrian public — and the world that exists beyond the embassy gates.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
659993,"Conservatives Need to Remember, Presidents Affect Culture

If Trump distorts our culture, his agenda won’t redeem his presidency.

By David French — August 16, 2017

Last night there was an important exchange on Fox News, one that highlighted the growing divide on the right. In one corner was Trump supporter Laura Ingraham, in the other Trump critic Charles Krauthammer. Their exchange is below:

The entire conversation is worth watching, but in a nutshell it boiled down to this. Ingraham began with mild criticism of the president, based largely on the argument that his press conference was a distraction from his agenda. It was essentially an unforced error, and he needs to pivot quickly back to his policies. It was classic small-ball political analysis:

He’s not there to win every debating point. People want to see a calm president in the storm. I think today he made some points that were factually right. . . . But he’s not there to win every point. He’s there to calmly guide the nation through what at the moment is a very troubled time and advance an agenda of economic empowerment, streamlining regulations, and keeping very optimistic and positive about the American spirit. When he does that, it’s very positive. Today, he got caught in the pundit trap. He became a pundit. What people want is Trump the president, and when he does that, it’s really powerful.

Krauthammer, by contrast, went big — calling out the president not for making a political blunder but rather for making a profoundly immoral statement:

To critique what [President Trump] did today on the grounds that it distracts from the agenda or was a tactical mistake, I believe, is a cop-out. What Trump did today was a moral disgrace. What he did is he reverted back to where he was on Saturday and made it very clear that what he read on Monday, two days later, was a hostage tape. Clearly reading off a prompter, saying these denunciations by name of the KKK et cetera — that wasn’t Trump speaking, that was the aids speaking. . . . What Trump is missing here is the uniqueness of white supremacy, KKK, and Nazism. Yes, there were bad guys on both sides. That’s not the point. This was instigated, instituted — the riot began over a Nazi riot, a Nazi rally. And the only killing here occurred by one of the pro-Nazi, pro-KKK people.

Or, let’s put it differently. Ultimately, culture matters more than politics, and when the leader of the free world inflicts cultural damage this severe, he’s doing far more harm than a few judicial appointments can remedy. Conservatives used to understand this reality. In fact, we once made this argument with great clarity and power.

In 1998, Bill Clinton damaged the culture for the sake of preserving his political hide, and his party aided and abetted him every step of the way. And why not? The economy was booming, they liked his agenda, and some of his enemies were unlikeable, angry hypocrites (here’s looking at you, Newt Gingrich.)

Thoughtful conservatives responded forcefully. Regardless of the state of the economy or the size of the budget surplus, adultery and perjury matter. The president lied to the American people, changed his story only when DNA evidence left him no room to run, and he won anyway. Moreover, to help him stay in office, his henchmen did their best to destroy his political opponents, they mocked the rule of law (“he only lied about sex”), and they sometimes veered into mocking fidelity itself. Some of them openly longed for European moral norms, where husbands, wives, and mistresses supposedly all learn to get along.

Conservatives found this appalling. Conservatives were right. Indeed, what is Clinton’s most enduring legacy? Not the policies that Democrats now reject. It’s his corrupt brand of politics, a form of political combat that his wife tried to emulate but could never perfect.

Fast-forward less than two decades, and now a GOP president is inflicting even deeper wounds. I’m getting messages like this from GOP friends on the Hill. “Sure we don’t like him, but we need him for tax reform, for judges, and to repeal Obamacare. Folks are keeping their heads down and hoping to accomplish a few good things.” There’s no appreciation for his larger impact, for the larger damage.

The pundit version of this cop-out is simply “calling balls and strikes.” Praise him when he’s right, critique him when he’s wrong, and keep your eyes focused firmly on that strike zone. Don’t think too hard about the larger implications of his words and actions. In this world, Trump makes “unforced errors” or he “shoots himself in the foot,” as if he’s Bill Buckner in 1986 — trying his hardest but, gosh-darnit, sometimes he screws up.

Trump’s persona is — certainly for now — more influential than his policies.

It’s time for conservatives to remember the cultural power of the presidency. It’s time for us to understand that Trump’s persona is — certainly for now — more influential than his policies. Sure, seek lower tax rates and better judges. Sure we praise him when he’s right and critique mistakes. But we must lift our eyes from the strike zone and look at his overall impact. And that means not holding back from speaking the larger, more important truths.

Krauthammer was right. Trump’s conduct yesterday was a “moral disgrace.” He exacerbated divisions that have existed since before the nation’s founding. He gave the vicious and vile alt-right it’s most important public victory. If he keeps it up, his “agenda” will be a footnote to history. Hate, division, and rage will be his true legacy, and that legacy will have far greater consequence than any policy he manages to pass.

READ MORE:

Conservative Culture Wars

How the Alt-Right Hurts Conservatism

Two Blocks From the Culture War

— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657924,"Schumer to Cruz: ‘You Are Not Going to Take as Hostage Millions of Innocent Americans’ And Pass Small CRs

By Katrina Trinko — October 1, 2013

Senator Chuck Schumer, a top Democrat, joined Senate majority leader Harry Reid today in attacking Senator Ted Cruz’s proposal that Congress pass smaller continuing resolutions to avert some of the worst effects of a government shutdown.

Addressing Cruz, Schumer said, “Face it, you are not going to get us to give in to extortion.”

“You are not going to take as hostage millions of innocent Americans,” he added, “and succeed in getting us to do something you want but we don’t and they don’t.”

Cruz said yesterday that just as the House and Senate had passed a bill that protected the military’s funding during any shutdown, so, too, should Congress consider passing bills to fund park services and border-patrol agents.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
628983,"2014—What could possibly explain notorious liberal activist Stephen Reinhardt’s seemingly amazing propensity to be selected to sit on important Ninth Circuit cases with a strong ideological valence? Buried in a New York Times article is some very surprising news that provides a partial answer.

For “cases on a fast track, like the marriage case” that challenged Nevada’s and Idaho’s laws, the Ninth Circuit clerk’s office, “[u]ntil recently,” assigned cases “to the available panel with the most senior presiding judge.” As the article notes, “Judge Reinhardt, who was appointed by President Jimmy Carter, is one of the most senior active judges and so was disproportionately likely to be the presiding judge.”

This news is very surprising for at least three reasons. First, there is nothing in the Ninth Circuit’s rules or general orders that revealed the existence of this practice. Second, it is difficult to discern any justification for this departure from randomness. Third, this practice was not even commonly known among Ninth Circuit judges who had concerns about Reinhardt’s remarkable good fortune in assignments.

One other peculiarity: According to a letter from the party challenging the assignment of judges in the marriage case, the Ninth Circuit did not in fact use that “recently revealed ‘different procedure’” when it originally assigned a panel to the case. This deviation is consistent with concerns that the clerk’s office has had a great deal of unsupervised discretion in assigning cases—and that its abuse of that discretion may be more broadly responsible for Reinhardt’s astounding good luck in case assignments.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
705897,"CBS Sports reports the following:

The Philadelphia Eagles are going even greener.

The team said Thursday it will add wind turbines, solar panels and a co-generation plant at Lincoln Financial Field over the next year and the combination of energy sources will make the stadium self-sufficient and let the Eagles sell some of its power back to the electric grid.

Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie called the plan a “vital step towards energy independence.”

“Owning an NFL team, I think you have an opportunity to lead the way,” he told reporters at the stadium. “It’s a public building seen across the country and, sometimes, the world.”[...]

Lurie told the Associated Press that the wind-turbine design is “aesthetically gorgeous,” bird-friendly and iconic.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
334684,"Editor’s Note: After the publication of this article, the University of Memphis announced that Zandria Robinson was no longer employed at the university (see update below).

A professor at the University of Memphis suggested that the Charleston shooter was not mentally ill but rather just another example of “white people acting how they’re conditioned to act.”

Assistant professor of sociology Zandria Robinson — whose Twitter account is promoted on the school’s official website — posted a tweet following the Charleston shooting suggesting that the killer’s actions were a result of his whiteness:

*waits for thinkpieces about how more mental health services could prevent white people from acting how they’re conditioned to act* — Ida B. Robinson (@zfelice) June 18, 2015",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
401945,"Dakota Christmas

By John J. Miller — December 6, 2011

Our old friend Joseph “Jody” Bottum — formerly an editor at the Weekly Standard and First Things — appears to have a hit on Kindle with his new e-book, Dakota Christmas. Best of all: It’s only 99 cents.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207505,"This was the worst jobs report since last October. The economy added 120,000 jobs in March, about half the pace of the previous three months. The futures markets are responding as if this report is extremely disappointing, but that seems like an overreaction. The fact is, the weather has been about as good as it has been in a century. Warm, dry weather in January and February meant that a statistically typical number of weather-related disruptions didn’t occur, inflating those jobs numbers. March weather was great too, but weather starts to get better that time of year anyway, so a mild March is less of a plus than a mild January. At times like this, the right signal to draw from a report is the three-month moving average, which smooths out the seasonal effects. That is currently at 212,000 jobs created per month, and that feels about right to me. A reason for confidence is the continued strength in manufacturing still looks strong, which is consistent with the capital spending data we have been seeing.

That said, one reason that the markets seem to be disturbed about this disappointment is the weakness in Europe which, combined with high oil prices, raises at least the specter of a recession this year. Southern Europe is probably in recession right now, and fears that this will spread are legitimate.

One trend to watch: Retail employment is moving in the wrong direction given the overall strength in the economy. It may well be that the “Amazon Prime” effect is gaining steam. As more commerce switches to the Internet, brick and mortar retailers are clearly struggling.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330138,"In a recent post, Andrew Sullivan writes this:



[Brooks] writes a column – a sadly misguided view of what’s wrong with conservatism – that he could have written at any time in the last ten years. Why can he not tell us what he thinks of Palin? A wonderful writer he sure is.A profile in courage he isn’t.



This is a stupid and malicious charge. It’s stupid because (a) Brooks has written on Palin before; (b) Brooks expressed his views on Palin’s interview with Charles Gibson on television; and (c) Brooks’s column is published on Friday, and the Palin-Gibson interview was broadcast Thursday evening. And where is it written that David Brooks is obligated to write columns on whatever topic interests Andrew Sullivan?

The charge is malicious because David is the opposite of what Sullivan says. Brooks is an intellectually honest writer, constantly holding up his views and assumptions to scrutiny and unfolding evidence, and in search of the truth of things. There is deep integrity to David’s work. Beyond that, Brooks is one of Washington’s most decent and civil individuals. Unfortunately, none of these things can be said of Andrew Sullivan these days. Even Sullivan’s colleagues at The Atlantic would, I think it’s fair to say, agree with that assessment. He has become an embarrassment to them, and to the magazine with which he is associated.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
555584,"Russia’s War on Fracking

Threatened by low oil prices, Putin is covertly supporting anti-frackers and spreading propaganda.

By Tom Rogan — February 3, 2015

As a senior archivist for the KGB’s foreign-intelligence directorate, Vasili Mitrokhin had access to a treasure trove of information. He unveiled those secrets after defecting to Britain in 1992.

One such secret concerned the “active measures” — the lies – the KGB had used against the West during the Cold War. In the 1980s, for example, the KGB spread a couple of particularly pernicious rumors. It claimed the United States had manufactured the AIDS virus and that rich Americans were murdering children in the Third World for organ-harvesting purposes.

Framed by faux science and ideologically screened “experts,” and harnessing anti-American sentiments, these rumors gained huge traction. In October 1986, the Sunday Express, a British newspaper, reported the AIDS conspiracy, giving it credence, on its front page. In September 1988, the EU parliament passed a motion condemning trafficking in “baby parts.” As Christopher Andrew and Vasili Mitrokhin, summed it up in The Sword and the Shield: The Mitrokhin Archive and the Secret History of the KGB: “Thus fortified by spurious scientific jargon, the AIDS fabrication not merely swept through the Third World, but took in some of the Western media as well.”

Today, Russia is waging another active-measures campaign. But this time Russia’s target is fracking. The facts are clear. Fracking, which is revolutionizing energy politics, offers a cheap, new source of global power. But that’s not all. In offering Europe independence from Russian energy exports, fracking poses a direct challenge to Russia. Because Putin depends for revenue on his oil and natural gas-exports, fracking’s cheaper alternative presents him with a big problem. Indeed, lower oil prices are already driving Russia’s economy into recession.

Facing this threat, Russian intelligence has implemented a three-pronged strategy.

First, Russia has ramped up covert payments to environmental groups in the West. By supporting well-intentioned environmentalists with hard cash (often without their knowledge), Russian intelligence gains Western mouthpieces to petition Western audiences in its favor. Based on Russia’s prior record, we can also assume that Putin has funneled money through intermediaries to sympathetic Western politicians.

Second, the Russian SVR (CIA equivalent) has directed its spies to gather intelligence on the American energy industry. Just last Monday, the Justice Department charged two SVR cover officers and an SVR agent with spying on “United States’ efforts to develop alternative energy resources.” This is what Russian intelligence officers do when they’re not offering polonium tea (the means by which, in 2006, Russian contract agents acting under official orders murdered a defector in London).

Finally, Russian intelligence’s biggest cover operation — its RT “news” outlet — is undertaking a massive propaganda campaign against fracking. Take Max Keiser, one of RT’s human puppets in the U.K. (see my take here) in London. According to Keiser, fracking is a “hoax” that “causes incalculable environmental damage,” “indebtedness,” and it “has no profitable scenario in any scenario.” Not to be outdone by RT UK, RT America recently released an hour-long documentary that “documents” illnesses supposedly induced by fracking in the American heartland. This propaganda is no amateur operation. By manipulating the testimony of others — such as trusted think tanks — RT veils its Kremlin spin under a façade of facts. They do so because they know that in today’s world, a façade is all that’s necessary. This, after all, is the age of conspiracies and evil corporations Aware that Western populations are largely uninformed about fracking, Russia is able by its various agitations to “guide” lightly informed citizens toward its agenda.

And it is finding success. Last week, to placate environmental groups, Britain’s Labour Party forced the government to introduce new regulations on fracking.

Such efforts will only increase. Facing the collapse of its energy-export market, the destruction of its energy-blackmail capabilities, and the depletion of its foreign-exchange reserves, Russia regards fracking as a critical national-security threat. And now more than ever, for President Putin, probably no option is off-limits.

Don’t rule out a fracking “accident.”

— Tom Rogan, based in Washington, D.C., writes for the Daily Telegraph. He’s a panelist on The McLaughlin Group and holds the Tony Blankley Chair at the Steamboat Institute. He tweets @TomRtweets.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
329821,"It is not a compliment to human nature to say that there is something within us that is sometimes drawn to watching — for a limited period of time, anyway — the comically deranged on display. Which brings me to MSNBC’s Keith Olbermann.

By now Olbermann’s hyper-partisanship and straight-from-the-fever-swamps mentality — witness just about any of Keith’s “Special Comments” for ample evidence — is well documented. What is interesting to me, during the times I’ve tuned in to his program, is that he never interviews anyone who holds an alternative point of view. He appears — unlike the competitors he often obsesses about — to be afraid to expose his ideas to the light of day.

Olbermann has on his program either spokesmen from the Obama campaign or, much more frequently, journalists who share (though usually in a less offensive and more camouflaged way) Olbermann’s political biases. They almost never challenge the assumptions of Olbermann; their role is to give his prejudices the patina of “journalistic objectivity.” I’m speaking of people like Air America’s Rachel Maddow, Newsweek’s Richard Wolffe and Howard Fineman, the Washington Post’s Eugene Robinson and, until earlier this week, Dana Milbank.

According to Olbermann’s post on The Daily Kos (how perfectly appropriate), it seems Milbank notified Olbermann that after four years of appearing with him, Milbank accepted another television offer. Olbermann was apparently irate about a column by Milbank last week that created difficulty for Barack Obama, and therefore banned Milbank from his program. Olbermann alleges that Milbank took a comment by Obama out of context (readers can decide for themselves whether that is in fact a fair charge) and would not explain himself. And so Dana Milbank, who after four years of playing up to Olbermann deigned to write a single critical column on The Great Obama, was quickly censured. Such are the exacting journalistic standards of Olbermann, and, apparently, the network for which he works.

One wonders if the journalists who appear on Olbermann’s program understand that they are simply props for a man who has become the go-to guy for the MoveOn.org, Daily Kos, and The Huffington Post crowd. And do they appreciate just how much their credibility is damaged by frequently appearing with, and showing their obvious sympathy and agreement with, a man who has become a ranting, cartoonish character?

It’s an open secret that MSNBC, when turning its lonely eyes to Obama, feels (to invoke the unfortunate and slightly too revealing phrase used by one of its hosts, Chris Matthews) “a thrill going up my leg.”

Undoubtedly it does; and undoubtedly Chris speaks for many of his colleagues. They have an enormous investment, political, and emotional, in Obama’s success, and they are doing all they can to improve the odds that he will be our next president. That MSNBC does so in such a transparent way will, I think, harm its, and NBC’s, reputation even beyond what it has so far. And it underscores just one reason why the loss of Tim Russert was such a devastating loss to the network. He was the one person who appeared on MSNBC whose credibility — enormous and well-deserved credibility — allowed MSNBC to make at least a claim to journalistic seriousness. That really isn’t possible anymore.

MSNBC has a mission in this campaign: assuring the election of Barack Obama. They will, it seems, do everything in their power to achieve that end. That sound you hear, in that quest, is of journalistic standards being flushed down the toilet. Just like Dana Milbank was.

– Peter Wehner, former deputy assistant to the president, is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
605739,"Barack Obama gave two major policy speeches about the Middle East in quick succession, on May 19 and May 22; and while he discussed a number of Middle East topics, the Arab–Israeli-conflict portion received the lion’s share of attention. Analysts and politicians who care about the Middle East’s only democratic country (yes, I use that formulation now that Turkey is under AKP control) have excoriated Obama and see Israel in great jeopardy. For example, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich called the speech “a disaster” and said that Obama, in effect, asked Israel “to commit suicide.”

I see things more positively for Israel. My reasoning:

This is Obama’s third gratuitous, unprovoked, and unilateral picking of a fight with Israel. The prior two took place in May 2009 and March 2010: In the one, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton declared no Israeli building even in eastern Jerusalem; in the other, Vice President Joe Biden got (mock?) outraged when such building did take place.

In all three cases, the fight dwelt on a secondary issue that few had been focused on — Israeli building in the first two cases, and the June 4, 1967 ceasefire lines as the basis for a permanent border agreement in the current one — until Obama turned them into headlines.

Obama’s picking a fight led in all cases to an immediate hardening of positions by both Israelis and Palestinians. Israelis retreated, wounded and disinclined to make concessions, while Palestinians added Obama’s demands, Jerusalem and the 1967 lines, to their prior list of demands of Israel.

When Obama realized his mistake — that Israeli governments make concessions more readily when relations with Washington are strong and Palestinians need to be pressured, not coddled — he crawled back to the Israeli prime minister, making nice as though nothing had happened. This has occurred twice already, in September 2009 and July 2010. The Washington Post’s Dana Milbank used choice language to describe the latter episode, describing a “routed and humiliated” Obama in a White House flying “the white flag of surrender.”

I predict that a “routed and humiliated” Obama will regret his ill-chosen fight over the 1967 lines and, if he follows his prior schedule, should be crawling back to the prime minister in about four months’ time, or September 2011.

In conclusion: As someone opposed to Arab-Israeli negotiations while war is underway and to Obama’s presidency, I take solace in his making a hash of diplomacy and politics. This way, Israel is less likely to make more counterproductive “painful concessions” and, with a slew of former Obama supporters abandoning him, Obama has hurt his chances for reelection.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
131874,"Michael Cannon posted a great piece on the Cato blog yesterday about the Veterans Health Administration. The VA system rarely gets mentioned in the health care debate, which is surprising: it is a homegrown demonstration of how socialized medicine works in the real world. As with the British National Health Service, the U.S. government owns all of the hospitals, and pays for all of the health care, for qualified military personnel. The resultant problems are easy to predict. As Cannon observes:

Anyone who has ever worked at a VA hospital can tell you what a terrible experience it can be. Yale-New Haven Hospital, where I did many of my clinical rotations, is far from perfect—but heading out to the West Haven VA was like traversing the Iron Curtain. The problems facing the VA system will be familiar to anyone who has dealt with the British NHS: unsanitary conditions, leading to higher rates of hospital-borne infections; rationing of drugs and procedures, leading to poorer health outcomes; and on and on.

Policymakers should consider privatizing the VA hospital system and giving soldiers generous private insurance. As Cannon suggests in an earlier piece:

It seems to me that a better approach would be to give vouchers to all personnel currently in the system, but increase pay and let private carriers insure against service-related injuries for all new enlistments and commissions. Such a system could improve the quality of care for vets. It also would give Congress, the armed forces, and the public a lot of very useful information about the costs of foreign policy decisions.

Spinning out the hospitals would also help address another big problem, which is the way regional (non-military) hospital monopolies drive up the cost of health insurance.

It made sense to have a VA system back in the days before our modern hospital system took root. But today, the VA is an anachronism. Those who favor a free-market-based approach to health care should spend some time thinking about how to improve veterans’ health care. Fixing the VA would allow us to do better by our troops, and could serve as a model for real health care reform.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
628974,"The Alt-Right Carries on Margaret Sanger’s Legacy of Eugenics

The founder of Planned Parenthood favoured birth control as a tool for rooting out society’s ‘undesirables.’ Richard Spencer and his ilk do too.

By Elliot Kaufman — August 22, 2017

The National Abortion Rights Action League (NARAL) is good at what it does. That’s why it is now trying to tie the white supremacists of the alt-right to the pro-life movement, even though the opposite is closer to the truth. “White supremacists at #Charlottesville have close ties not just to Trump, but GOP & anti-choice groups,” NARAL announced on Twitter. After connecting one racist marcher to a College Republicans chapter and pointing out that another attended a March for Life, the group rested its case:

It should be no surprise why white supremacists promote #antichoice policies. They disproportionately harm women of color. — NARAL (@NARAL) August 16, 2017

This doesn’t make much sense. For it to be true, the alt-right would have to want to keep abortion away from racial minorities, even though it knows that abortion reduces America’s black and Hispanic populations. Indeed, NARAL’s point can be made more effectively the other way around: It is not anti-abortion laws that disproportionately harm women of color, but abortion itself, which has claimed the lives of 19 million black babies since Roe v. Wade in 1973.

That is the reason why, contrary to NARAL’s protestations, the leaders of the alt-right are actually pro-choice. They don’t oppose abortion because it’s good for racial minorities; they support abortion because it kills them. They hate black people and think America would be better if fewer of them were born.

Though this is terrifying to contemplate, it should not be unfamiliar. In fact, the alt-right tends to praise abortion for the same reasons that Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood, praised birth control: They help to rid the country of “undesirables.”

Richard Spencer, the keynote speaker in Charlottesville and the central figure of the alt-right movement, finds abortion useful. He has explained that abortion will help to bring about his vision of an elite, white America: “The people who are having abortions are generally very often Black or Hispanic or from very poor circumstances.” The people whom Spencer wants to reproduce, he says, “are using abortion when you have a situation like Down Syndrome.” It is only “the unintelligent and blacks and Hispanics,” he claims, “who use abortion as birth control.”

Contrary to NARAL’s protestations, the leaders of the alt-right are actually pro-choice.

On this understanding, abortion is a form of eugenics, helping to shape the population to produce more desirables and fewer undesirables. This is why Spencer supports the practice — not because he believes that it is a moral good or that women are owed the right to choose, but because he views it as a morally neutral tool that improves the American gene pool by making it whiter and richer.

Spencer has specifically contrasted his position on abortion with that of National Review’s Ramesh Ponnuru. Spencer mocks Ponnuru for undertaking a “human rights crusade,” built on the assumption that “every being that is human has a right to life.” Spencer, of course, doesn’t believe that is true.

He has openly mocked conservatives who worry about a “black genocide” or “how [abortion] is destroying black communities.” He knows that an estimated 75 percent of women who have abortions are poor. He knows that black women, receiving an outsize 36 percent of all American abortions, are almost five times as likely to terminate their pregnancies as white women. Nothing could make him happier.

Also secure in that knowledge is the pseudonymous alt-righter Aylmer Fisher, who writes in Spencer’s Radix Journal. “It is important we not fall prey to the pro-life temptation,” Fisher proclaims. Her reasoning is predictable: “The only ones who can’t [avoid an unwanted pregnancy] are the least intelligent and responsible members of society: women who are disproportionately Black, Hispanic, and poor.”

This sort of racism is largely foreign to today’s pro-choice movement. Its members genuinely believe that a fetus either does not count as human life or does not carry moral value. The task of pro-lifers is to convince them on the science and ethics, and show that abortion preys on women more than it empowers them.

But abortion hits racial minorities harder than any other group, and this fact has not been incidental to its history in America. As National Review’s Kevin Williamson detailed extensively in a cover story earlier this year, progressive eugenics was “the intellectual ferment out of which rose the American birth-control movement.”

Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood, wanted “to make the coming generation into such physically fit, mentally capable, socially alert individuals as are the ideal of a democracy.” In other words, she sought to improve the human race.

However, she faced an obstacle — the same one that so troubles Richard Spencer and his acolytes: “The feebleminded are notoriously prolific in reproduction,” wrote Sanger in Woman and the New Race. This would be a problem with a solution to which Sanger devoted her life’s work: controlling the birth rate, especially among the “unfit” (read: the poor, blacks, and Catholic immigrants).

This goal brought her into contact with Clarence C. Little, the president of the American Eugenics Society (AES), and a founding board member of the American Birth Control League (ABCL), which eventually became Planned Parenthood. Little’s two associations are not coincidental: The ABCL, founded by Sanger in 1921, even shared office space with the AES. Moreover, as Williamson notes, “Little believed that birth-control policy should be constructed in such a way as to protect ‘Yankee stock’ — referred to in Sanger’s own work as ‘unmixed native white parentage.’”

Linda Gordon, author of The Moral Property of Woman: A History of Birth-Control Politics, examined the ABCL’s in-house publication, the Birth Control Review. She reports that, “A content analysis of the Birth Control Review showed that by the late 1920s only 4.9 percent of its articles in that decade had any concern with women’s self-determination.” Furthermore, “It was Sanger’s courting of doctors and eugenists that moved the ABCL away from both the Left and liberalism, away from both socialist-feminist impulses and civil liberties arguments toward an integrated population ‘program for the whole society.’”

There is little doubt that the alt-right would like to pursue just such an “integrated population program for the whole society.” Unlike pro-lifers, its acolytes have no desire to protect life for its own sake.

Or, as Spencer himself has put it, “pro-lifers want to be radical . . . human rights thumpers — and they’re not us.” On this point, I won’t argue. Neither should anyone whose movement’s intellectual progenitor is Margaret Sanger.

READ MORE:

In Charlottesville, the Alt-Right’s Chickens Come Home to Roost

Conservatism’s Game of Footsie with the Alt-Right

Campus Conservatives Gave the Alt-Right a Platform

— Elliot Kaufman is an editorial intern at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
53259,"Supreme Court Denies Review in Casket Case, Monks’ Victory Stands

By Vikrant P. Reddy — October 15, 2013

This morning, the U.S. Supreme Court decided against reviewing Saint Joseph Abbey v. Castille. This means that the Fifth Circuit’s ruling in favor of the monks of Saint Joseph Abbey — a significant victory against overcriminalization and unnecessary licensing — will stand.

For decades, the unlicensed sale of a funeral casket in Louisiana has been punishable by heavy fines and up to 180 days in prison. In 2007, the Benedictine monks of Saint Joseph Abbey began manufacturing and selling cypress caskets to support themselves. The caskets were sold for far less than they are at most other funeral homes – sometimes at a quarter of the price. Although the monks perform no other funeral services, they were enjoined from selling the caskets by the Louisiana State Board of Embalmers and Funeral Directors.

As Megan McArdle observed, it is “hard to imagine any reason that the state needs to get into regulating the procurement and sale of . . . wooden boxes.” It is especially hard to imagine how a violation of the regulation could possibly justify the heavy-handed sanction of incarceration.

Federal courts are extremely sympathetic to a state’s assessment of what is necessary to ensure public health and safety, and they often find that as long as a state can offer any “rational basis” for a regulation, it will be upheld. In this case, the district court was unable to determine any rational basis whatsoever for Louisiana’s protection of what Professor Jonathan Adler calls a “coffin cartel.”

In March, the Fifth Circuit affirmed the district court and noted that the deference extended to a state’s defense of a regulation “does [not] require courts to accept nonsensical explanations.”

Louisiana sought Supreme Court review of the Fifth Circuit’s decision, but today’s denial of certiorari means the case is finally over. This is welcome news for the monks, for their lawyers at the Institute for Justice, and for residents of the three states under the Fifth Circuit’s jurisdiction: Louisiana, Texas, and Mississippi.

Other states, however, are not quite as fortunate. A circuit split exists on this question because of the Tenth Circuit’s 2004 opinion in a similar case, Powers v. Harris. The Tenth Circuit covers Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Utah, and Wyoming. Until the split is resolved, other federal courts may decide whether they are more persuaded by the logic of the Tenth Circuit or the Fifth Circuit. (Note: In 2002, the Sixth Circuit, in Craigmiles v. Giles, adopted the position that the Fifth Circuit has adopted.)

In the meantime, residents of the Tenth Circuit who do not want to see prison bars should avoid selling wooden boxes.

— Vikrant P. Reddy is policy analyst for the Texas Public Policy Foundation and the foundation’s Right On Crime initiative.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
558306,"One bizarre aspect of the controversy regarding the Cordoba House development near Ground Zero is how many conservatives have fallen in behind the idea of an unelected body — New York’s Landmarks Preservation Commission — using its powers to prevent a private property owner from tearing down a building on his own property.

As Dan Foster described this morning, the Commission declined bestow landmark status on the Italian Renaissance-style loft retail building at 45 Park Place — the consensus seems to be that the building is architecturally unremarkable, despite its age. Such a designation would have prevented the mosque’s developers from altering the building’s façade, adding a roadblock for the project.

The trouble with landmarking is that it interferes with private property rights — the government decides that a property is deserving of protection, but the cost of preservation (both in maintenance and opportunity cost) falls on the property owner. It is, essentially, an uncompensated taking. Conservatives are usually opposed to uncompensated takings of property, but perhaps an exception applies when the property owner is a Muslim?

In addition to philosophical concerns, landmarking on a large scale can impede the construction of new housing to meet demand, driving up housing costs. The LPC doesn’t just have the power to landmark individual buildings, but can also recommend the creation of historic districts that add development restrictions on whole swathes of buildings. Landmarking binges in the 1970s and during the Dinkins administration have led to 16 percent of Manhattan below 96th street falling within a landmark district.

My Manhattan Institute colleague Ed Glaeser wrote a piece for the Spring 2010 issue of City Journal, detailing the costs imposed by the creation of all these districts. From 1991 to 2002, historic designations appear to have added several hundred dollars per square foot to housing prices in certain districts of Manhattan, making the borough more unaffordable and less diverse.

In addition, many of the restrictions imposed by historic districts are of dubious preservative value. Glaeser describes a case in 1999 where the existence of a landmark district prevented a developer from razing a single-story Citibank branch at the corner of 91st & Madison to build a 17-story tower. The bank itself was non-historic, yet the LPC, lobbied by neighbors including Woody Allen and Kevin Kline, only let the developer build nine stories. (For non-Manhattanite readers, high-rise buildings are thick on the ground in the vicinity of 91st & Madison.)

So, I’m disappointed to see Republican politicians urging the LPC to use its powers more aggressively. Instead, they should be trying to constrain the powers of the LPC and protect the rights of property owners. Glaeser does note that Mayors Giuliani and Bloomberg appointed LPC members who use their powers much more sparingly than before, but this isn’t a substitute for reform that reduces the Commission’s power permanently — for example by limiting its mandate to the preservation of individual structures and barring the creation or expansion of historic districts.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
905176,"The Ideology Problem in Timbuktu Is Not al-Qaeda’s Making -- It Is Classical Islam

By Andrew C. McCarthy — October 25, 2012

Andrew’s post describing the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Mali is essential, if excruciating, reading. Beyond the monstrously cruel but all too usual punishments being imposed, I’m struck by two things, which really show how willful blindness leads inexorably to spring fever: The Guardian attributes the atrocious penalties to the “menace of al-Qaida”; it also notes, however, that the “ban [on music] comes in the context of a horrifically literal and gratuitous application of Sharia law in all aspects of daily life.”

Much as I hate to be the bearer of bad news, al Qaeda did not make up sharia law. Islam did. And in the West, it is a key tenet of due process that law is imposed literally — ambiguous laws violate the principle that people of ordinary intelligence must be on fair notice of what is prohibited. There’s nothing “gratuitous” about applying as it is written.

We can keep our heads tucked snug in the sand, or we can recognize the source of the problem. As I detail in Spring Fever: The Illusion of Islamic Democracy, the literalist construction of sharia that al Qaeda’s local franchise is enforcing in Mali is “literal” because it comes from Islamic scripture, not from some purportedly “extremist” fabrication of Islam. Moreover, while it seems only militant jihadists proudly urge this construction in practice, it is enthusiastically endorsed in principle by two of the most influential institutions in the Islamic Middle East: al Azhar University and the Muslim Brotherhood.

Don’t just take my word for it. Reliance of the Traveller: A Classic Manual of Islamic Sacred Law is not some al Qaeda pamphlet. It is a renowned explication of sharia’s provisions and their undeniable roots in Muslim scripture. In the English translation, before you get to chapter and verse, there are formal endorsements from the International Institute of Islamic Thought — a U.S.-based Muslim Brotherhood think-tank begun in the early eighties (and to which American administrations of both parties have resorted as an exemplar of “moderation”) — and from the Islamic Research Academy at al Azhar University, the ancient seat of Sunni learning to which President Obama famously turned to co-sponsor his cloyingly deceptive 2009 speech on relations between Islam and the West (“We certify,” the famed scholars wrote, that the “translation corresponds to the Arabic original and conforms to the practice and faith of the orthodox Sunni Community…. There is no objection to printing it and circulating it…. May Allah give you success in serving Sacred Knowledge and the religion.” There could be no more coveted stamp of scholarly approval in Islam.).

Reliance is also endorsed by Islamic authorities in Jordan (leading influences on a largely Palestinian population that may well overthrow the pro-Western monarchy) and Syria (leading influences on the “rebels” on whose side interventionists — including both presidential candidates — would have us jump to abet the Muslim Brotherhood’s ongoing campaign to oust the minority Alawite Assad regime).

Here, as I summarize in Spring Fever – quoted verbatim and supported by citations — is what Reliance has to say about the arts:

It is forbidden to make pictures of “animate life,” for doing so “imitates the creative act of Allah Most High”; “Whoever makes a picture, Allah shall torture him with it on the Day of Judgment until he can breathe life into it, and he will never be able to.” (Reliance w50.0 & ff.) “Musical instruments of all types are unlawful.” Singing is generally prohibited (for “song makes hypocrisy grow in the heart as water does herbage), and “[o]n the Day of Resurrection Allah will pour molten lead into the ears of whoever sits listening to a songstress.” However, if unaccompanied by musical instruments, song and poetry drawn from Islamic scripture and encouraging obedience to Allah are permissible. Ironically, although music is generally forbidden, dancing is permissible “unless it is languid, like the movements of the effeminate.” (Reliance r40.0 &ff.)

Those sharia provisions are complemented by these — again, endorsed by al-Azhar, the Muslim Brotherhood, and our “moderate” “allies” in the region:

Apostasy from Islam is “the ugliest form of unbelief” for which the penalty is death (“When a person who has reached puberty and is sane voluntarily apostatizes from Islam, he deserves to be killed”). (Reliance o8.0 & ff.) Apostasy occurs not only when a Muslim renounces Islam but also, among other things, when a Muslim appears to worship an idol, when he is heard “to speak words that imply unbelief,” when he makes statements that appear to deny or revile Allah or the prophet Mohammed, when he is heard “to deny the obligatory character of something which by consensus of Muslims is part of Islam,” and when he is heard “to be sarcastic about any ruling of the Sacred Law.” (Reliance o8.7; see also p9.0 & ff.) [Note: These latter prohibitions against denying or reviling any aspect of Islam, Allah or the prophet are the basis for imposing death for blasphemy. The call to kill apostates for such offenses obviously applies with equal or greater force to non-Muslims, who are pervasively treated worse than Muslims by sharia (see, e.g., Sura 9:29: “Fight those who believe not in Allah nor the Last Day, nor hold forbidden which had been forbidden by Allah and his Messenger, nor acknowledge the Religion of Truth, from among the people of the book [i.e., Christians and Jews], until they pay the jizya [the poll tax imposed on non-believers for the privilege of living in the Islamic state] and feel themselves subdued.”)] “Jihad means to war against non-Muslims.” (Reliance o9.0.) It is an annual requirement to donate a portion of one’s income to the betterment of the ummah (an obligation called zakat, which is usually, and inaccurately, translated as “charity” – zakat can only be given to Muslims and is designed strictly to fortify the Muslim community, not benefit the less fortunate generally); of this annual donation, one-eighth must be given to “those fighting for Allah, meaning people engaged in Islamic military operations for whom no salary has been allotted in the army roster…. They are given enough to suffice them for the operation even if they are affluent; of weapons, mounts, clothing and expenses.” (Reliance, h8.1-17.) Non-Muslims are permitted to live in an Islamic state only if they follow the rules of Islam, pay the non-Muslim poll tax, and comply with various adhesive conditions designed to remind them that they have been subdued, such as wearing distinctive clothing, keeping to one side of the street, not being greeted with “Peace be with you” (“as-Salamu alaykum”), not being permitted to build as high as or higher than Muslims, and being forbidden to build new churches, recite prayers aloud, “or make public displays of their funerals or feast-days.” (Reliance o11.0 & ff.) Offenses committed against Muslims, including murder, are more serious than offenses committed against non-Muslims. (Reliance o1.0 & ff; p2.0-1.) The penalty for spying against Muslims is death. (Reliance p50.0 & ff; p.74.0& ff.) The penalty for fornication is to be stoned to death, unless one is without the “capacity to remain chaste,” in which case the penalty is “being scourged one hundred stripes and banished to a distance of at least 81 km./50mi. for one year.” (Reliance o12.0 & ff.) The penalty for homosexual activity (“sodomy and lesbianism”) is death. (Reliance p17.0 & ff.) A Muslim woman may only marry a Muslim man; a Muslim man may marry up to four women, who may be Muslim, Christian, or Jewish (but no apostates from Islam). (Reliance m6.0 & ff. – Marriage.) A woman is required to be obedient to her husband and is prohibited from leaving the marital home without permission; if permitted to go out, she must conceal her figure or alter it “to a form unlikely to draw looks from men or attract them.” (Reliance p42.0 & ff.) A non-Muslim may not be awarded custody of a Muslim child. (Reliance m13.2-3.) A woman has no right of custody of her child from a previous marriage when she remarries “because married life will occupy her with fulfilling the rights of her husband and prevent her from tending to the child.” (Reliance m13.4.) The penalty for theft is amputation of the right hand. (Reliance o14.0.) The penalty for drinking alcohol is “to be scourged forty stripes.” (Reliance o16.3; p.14.2.) The penalty for accepting interest (“usurious gain”) is death (i.e., to be considered in a state of war against Allah). (Reliance p7.0 & ff.) The testimony of a woman is worth half that of a man. (Reliance o24.7.) If a case involves an allegation of fornication (including rape), “then it requires four male witnesses.” (Reliance o24.9.) The establishment of a caliphate is obligatory, and the caliph must be Muslim and male. “The Prophet … said, “Men are already destroyed when they obey women.” (Reliance o25.0 & ff; see also p28.0, on Mohammed’s condemnation of “masculine women and effeminate men.”)

This is not al Qaeda doctrine. This is sharia, authoritatively explained and endorsed. It is not the construction of Islam that many Muslims in the West wish to live under. But it is the mainstream supremacist Islam of the Middle East, which Islamic leaders — including those who come to the West to preach it — would not dream of discrediting, even if they are not as enthusiastic as al Qaeda where imposing it is concerned.

The State Department and the leading foreign policy voices of both major American political parties say sharia is perfectly compatible with “democracy” and the Western conception of human rights — of liberty and equality. Sure it is. And then you wonder why the Obama administration opens a consulate in Benghazi, one of the most perilous places in the world for Americans, refuses to safeguard it despite multiple pleas for beefed up security, and then fraudulently claims a pluperfectly predictable atrocity was caused by a video no one ever saw. If you’re going to live in a dreamworld, better get used to nightmare consequences.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
388463,"GOP donors and bigwigs are rallying behind Christie:

“His early moves have been good,” says Steve Schmidt, a veteran Republican operative who managed the McCain-Palin presidential campaign. “He’s now looking at a decisive reelection victory this year in a blue state, and then he becomes chairman of the Republican Governors Association next year, which will enable him to build all of his relationships to an even greater extent than he has done already. There will always be commentary about [the Sandy controversy], but I don’t think a photograph from five years ago will be an issue in a primary that’s driven, as almost all Republican primaries have been, by electability over ideology.”

Former secretary of state Henry Kissinger, who encouraged Christie to run last year, agrees. In an interview, he tells me Christie remains a top-tier candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, owing to his willingness to wade into foreign policy and his ability to broaden the Republican coalition. “We’re friendly, and I think extremely highly of him, and he knows I’d be delighted if he became a national candidate,” he says. “Conservatives should recognize his long-term potential.” Christie’s work with Obama during the storm, he acknowledges, “might not have been the high point of his political career, but I was never angry about seeing him do what he needed to do for his state and his reelection.”

More here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207367,"End Sugar Subsidies

By Veronique de Rugy — October 20, 2011

Via Mark Perry, this chart shows the impact of U.S. sugar policy on the price of refined sugar.

Perry explains the chart here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
698208,"A new report I’ve authored on the Sierra Club’s war against coal [PDF] is up on the Capital Research Center’s site. Here’s a preview:

The United States has been called the “Saudi Arabia of Coal” because of our large domestic supply of this reliable and affordable energy source which helps guarantee American prosperity. But the phrase causes great distress in the environmental movement. The Sierra Club has launched a campaign to curtail coal use in America. Not only does it want to block the construction of new coal-fired power plants, which are intended to replace the nation’s aging coal infrastructure and power new economic growth. Sierra also wants to close existing plants that provide half of our nation’s electricity.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
685204,"When Rahm Emanuel swept into the mayoralty of the Second City in February, taking a clean majority in the unwieldy nonpartisan-ballot free-for-all and thus avoiding an April runoff, the editors had this to say in NRODT’s “The Week”:

We knew the former ballerino could dance the White Swan that is campaigning, but governing Chicago will call for sterner stuff. The city is facing a 15 percent, $$500 million budget hole that is growing even as Emanuel plans his transition. Fixing it will require taking on the city’s bloated public sector, following the lead of Democrats like Gov. Andrew Cuomo in Albany. Is Mayor Rahm up to it? We know he has a reputation for toughness, but the Chicago machine ain’t run by the Girl Scouts, either.

Indeed, that 15 percent, $$500 million budget hole did grow, all the way up to $$636 million, with no signs of slowing down. So how has Mr. Dead Fish, the champion campaigner and Washington power broker, responded to the fiscal challenges of a post-Daley, Great Recession Chicago? Among the handful of Democrats elected to executive positions after 2008, is he closer to the pragmatic, budget-cutting Cuomo, or (anti-) business-as-usual Jerry Brown of California?

Well, look at the top lines. Rahm has a $$636 million budget hole to fill, and he’s proposed $$417 million in cuts and $$238 million in new revenue increases to fill it. Not bad for a Democrat. And a look at the details makes it seem less bad still.

The budget avoids raising property and sales taxes, and leaves a new city income tax (like the one in New York) off the table. It even reduces — and Emanuel has promised to eventually eliminate — the city’s “head” tax on businesses, which is really nothing more than an unmediated tax on job creation. So where is the new revenue coming from? A $$1.78 increase in the city’s hotel tax, coupled with increases in parking and vehicle-sticker fees. While the increases could impact tourists and commuters in Chicago, they are also focused on what Laurence Msall of Illinois’s Civic Federation, a non-partisan tax-policy think tank, calls “avoidable expenses.”

“Focusing on user fees is far preferable to general tax increases, especially as the city struggles to deal with ongoing economic distress,” says Msall. “The positive of the fees is that they are for the most part tied to either avoidable expenses — in the form of parking downtown — or they’re tied to providing enhanced benefits to the city.” (Emanuel’s proposed water and sewage fee increases are directly tied to improving the city’s aged piping and other infrastructure.)

Nor does the mayor’s revenue forecast appear to be overly sunny. Projected revenue growth is 1.2 percent — a number Msall calls “reasonable and conservative.” The budget also builds in an extra $$20 million for the city’s rainy-day fund — a surplus that gives Emanuel a small cushion should revenue fail to meet expectations.

What about the spending side? The good news is that Emanuel’s budget recognizes that the city’s financial problems are structural and extend beyond the recession-depleted coffers Chicago pols are wont to blame.

“The truth is that Chicago’s last ten city budgets have been in the red,” Emanuel told the city council last week in a speech introducing the budget. “Yes, the Great Recession added to the crisis. But when budgets don’t cover expenses year after year, it’s clear we have a structural problem. Chicago cannot afford this type of government any longer.”

Indeed, Mayor Richard M. Daley’s budgets were full of one-time fixes and gimmicks, and, most notoriously, took just two years to blow through nearly a billion dollars in receipts from a 75-year deal to lease the city’s parking meters. But Emanuel’s budget, at least, trims the fat. The city will take 2,000 job vacancies off the books and lay off over 500 public employees in middle management.

Like Newark’s Democratic mayor, Cory Booker, Emanuel is also making cuts to the police budget, although fairly politically safe ones. It will consolidate police and fire bureaucracies and close three dilapidated police stations, folding their operations into newer facilities. This may be more significant than it appears, since police and fire budgets were routinely held harmless under the Daley administration.

But the bad news — and it’s really bad news — is that Emanuel hasn’t done anything substantive on public-employee compensation, which between salary and benefits constitutes 75 percent of overall city expenditures, and is responsible for the ticking time bomb of the city’s dramatically underfunded pension liabilities. The reason is as obvious as it is disheartening: Public-sector-compensation reform is hard. Candidate Emanuel had to overcome perceptions that he was anti-union dating back to his days in the Obama White House (“F*** the UAW” — Rahm), and he will need broad public-sector buy-in to corral the city’s notoriously balkanized politics. But Rahm can’t have it both ways. Chicago won’t be solvent until something can be done about the public sector. And while he may be favorably compared with the likes of Jerry Brown, whether he has the will to be a Chris Christie or a Scott Walker is another question altogether.

For now, groups like the Civic Federation, which though technically nonpartisan has a long history of supporting tax simplification and reform, privatization, and rooting out government waste, are giving Emanuel a cautious thumbs up. Msall’s group stridently opposed Daley spending, but Msall says — stressing that this analysis is only preliminary — that the Emanuel budget “directionally moves the city in a much more positive position.”

And what of Emanuel’s dance partners in all this, the 50 aldermen of Chicago? They are unpredictable, if for no other reason than that they were used to taking their marching orders from Richard Daley. This included rubber-stamping years of budgets the city couldn’t afford. Without the Daley machine keeping its gears greased, will enough of the aldermen — who, after all, own the city’s miserable finances more than anybody — get behind Rahm’s plan? Smartly, Emanuel included the councilmen in the process, and reportedly worked very closely with budget-committee chair Carrie Austin in crafting the document. So the council’s leadership wasn’t blindsided when the budget was rolled out. And they might get behind Rahmbo, if for no reason than that the problem is so dire that they have no other choice.

“I believe it will have a clear majority,” alderman Ed Burke, chairman of the finance committee, told the Chicago Tribune of Emanuel’s budget. Burke, the longest serving alderman and a notorious machine boss with a war chest to rival the Daleys’, began his second stint as finance chair the same year the younger Daley took office in 1989, and has presided over fiscal matters in Chicago ever since. Perhaps this gives him the unique, if exquisitely ironic, authority to tell the Trib: “We’re at a point now where the city’s finances are in such serious condition that the city government simply can’t do business the way it has done business over the years.”

— Daniel Foster is news editor of National Review Online.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
717354,"Trump and Cruz Triumphant?

By Peter Augustine Lawler — December 21, 2015

So the news today includes an article saying that the anti-Trump Republican establishment is disorganized and under-funded. It wouldn’t be much different, as I keep saying, if it were organized and funded.

We also read that Rubio is way under-organized in Iowa, relying more on commercials than on a ground game. That turns out to be a typical establishment error. Rubio’s path to victory is mighty unclear now. He’s been out-hustled, to say the least.

Pete S. below is certainly right that it’s hard to criticize Cruz for not attacking Trump. That Jeb (“Jebra” – SNL) approach just doesn’t work. The approach of allying with Trump, learning from him, and being less different from him than the other candidates does work. Cruz is obviously much more free-market (Club of Growth) than Trump, and much more socially conservative than Trump. He’s also a moderate on immigration, by comparison.

So obviously the donor class is fine with Cruz, regarding the immigration and “values” heresies as relatively unimportant. So, in that sense, Cruz likely saves the establishment from itself.

Now someone might say (as does stalwart conservative Representative Tom McClintock) that the Freedom Caucus in the House is, in effect, allied with Nancy Pelosi. The cry “no compromise” might stick the “responsible” Republican leadership with the choice between ”cave” and ”shut down” when it comes to omnibus spending bills. But the truth seems to be that Ryan’s cave was too complete for that excuse to stick. And the result was probably a fatal discrediting — in the eyes of primary and caucus voters — of the Rubio–Ryan brand. The highlighting of “crisis” and the disparaging of “compromise” don’t seem to me all that empirical or even inspirational. In any case, Republicans can become reformers only when they gain the presidency.

Pete, as usual, highlighted the key component of the “political suicide.” It’s giving visas to all those low-skilled, non-immigrant “guest workers.” Rubio’s somewhat gutsy effort to develop an alternative brand on immigration in the debate focused on citizenship, not guest workers. The latter is crony-capitalist/oligarchic talk.

On foreign policy, we see especially the Cruz–Trump alliance: Trump’s message is against both President Bush the younger’s rash interventionism (and in some measure Obama’s too) and President Obama’s feckless weakness. Both extremes are dangers to national security properly understood. Cruz jumped on board by attacking “neocons.” That has provoked a counterattack from those sometimes called neocons. And, given that their brand is exhausted, that attack serves Cruz’s purposes. He’s insulated from the charge of being antisemitic (which charge could have hurt him among Evangelicals) by his fervent support of Israel. Cruz and Trump obviously can’t be confused with isolationists, although Rand Paul might say they’re less likely than Rubio or Christie to start World War III.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
603945,"Sweden is arguably the most “European” of European countries by virtue of its historically cohesive nationhood (“one big family”), militaristic and socialist legacies, untrammeled immigration, unmatched political correctness, and its supercilious claim to the status of a “moral superpower.” These features also make it perhaps the most alien of European countries to an American conservative.

In this context, I offer a summary and paraphrase of my discussion held with two senior members of the permanent bureaucracy in the Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) during a recent visit to Stockholm. Our affable but pointed discussion focused on the Middle East, and we agreed on almost nothing; I might as well have been in Sudan’s or Syria’s MFA.

The following contains the seemingly sober officials’ more colorful statements, then my responses. First, we discussed the Iranian nuclear program:

1. The IAEA inspection regime in Iran is the most intense ever mounted anywhere; it includes cameras that watch the Iranian installations around the clock, so we definitely know what’s going on there.

My response: How does the Swedish MFA know that those cameras cover every last nuclear installation? In fact, neither Stockholm nor any other capital has any idea what’s going on. The Iranians’ program could be far more advanced than is known; indeed, Tehran could have even purchased nuclear weapons from North Korea or Pakistan.

2. The Islamic Republic of Iran abandoned its program to build nuclear bombs in 2003.

My response: The Iranian government, as its president, Hassan Rouhani, himself has indicated, never for a moment stopped its nuclear program.

3. If an outside power attacked the Iranian nuclear sites, this would counterproductively cause Tehran to get really angry and decide to build The Bomb.

My response: The notion that striking the installations would inspire the Iranians to proceed is precisely backward. Also, recall that both the Iraqi and Syrian nuclear programs collapsed after being struck by Israeli jets.

We also discussed the Arab–Israeli conflict in the context of the Swedish government’s very recent decision to recognize a state of “Palestine”:

1. This move is aimed, I was told, not to punish Israel but to give heart to those Palestinians despairing of the two-state solution, consisting of an Israel next to a Palestine. As such, it is not hostile to Israel (where government and population back the two-state solution) but hostile to Hamas (which rejects this outcome).

My response: The Israeli government and population reacted very negatively to the Swedish decision and will, no doubt, be annoyed to learn that it was patronizingly intended for their own good. Conversely, Hamas has hailed this move and called on other governments to follow Stockholm, in order to isolate Israel.

2. Israeli “settlements” on the West Bank (which I prefer to call “towns”) render impossible the two-state solution, making it urgently imperative to prevent their further expansion.

My response: I flip this around and see Israeli building as constructive pressure on the Palestinians to get serious about ending the conflict. The longer Palestinians procrastinate, the less land remains.

3. The many statements and posters in which Fatah endorses “car jihad” are unimportant because Fatah is not the official Palestinian “government.” So, the Swedish MFA does not concern itself with this homicidal incitement.

My response: Fatah, the PLO, and the Palestinian Authority are three names for the same entity. Making a legalistic distinction among them permits Mahmoud Abbas, the head of all three, to get away with murder.

4. The demand that Palestinians recognize Israel as a Jewish state is a trap for Abbas, who cannot do so because of the many Arabs living within Israel.

My response: Not to accept Israel as the Jewish state means rejecting the entire Zionist enterprise. Nor is this demand a trap; rather, it responds to changes on the Israeli Arab side in 2006. Why else would Ehud Olmert, then Israel’s prime minister — who displayed a Swedish-like fervor for an accord with Abbas — have initiated this demand?

This complete disagreement on facts, interpretations, and predictions points to an enormous and ever-widening gap between countries and governments founded on like values. At a time when the ranks of enemies are proliferating, that those who should be realistic and friendly prefer instead fumes of fantasy leaves me discouraged about the future of Europe. What disaster will it take to awaken the Swedes — starting with their estimable foreign-policy functionaries?

— Daniel Pipes is president of the Middle East Forum. © 2014 by Daniel Pipes. All rights reserved.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
653846,"Boehner to Wall Street: Drop Dead

By James Pethokoukis — May 10, 2011

If Republicans listen to many of their new financial friends at banks, hedge funds, and other investment firms, they will do the “responsible thing” and vote to immediately raise the debt ceiling to whatever level Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner thinks appropriate. And then they will agree to big tax increases to balance the budget.



But House Speaker John Boehner told the Economic Club of New York last night that the House GOP will agree to neither. Tax hikes are off the table. And spending cuts “should be greater than the accompanying increase in debt authority the president is given.” (The only thing missing was Big John telling Senator Geary to personally put up the fee for the gaming license.)



Tough stuff that the audience didn’t much like. And a nice change of pace after Republicans listened to the bankers and backed off fledgling efforts earlier this year to let debt-burdened states declare bankruptcy. (Bad for Wall Street’s pension-fund clients.)



But not raising the debt ceiling at Geithner’s urging is not the same thing as defaulting on U.S. debt obligations, a separation that would be clearer if Congress passed Sen. Pat Toomey’s Full Faith and Credit Act bill, which would prioritize debt payments. And GOPers should think twice about listening to people afflicted with Clinton nostalgia — and high-priced tax attorneys to help them avoid the IRS. A good start to the second phase of the anti-spending spring offensive.

— James Pethokoukis is Money & Politics columnist at Reuters Breakingviews.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
326892,"It’s funny how coincidences work.

In 2010, as much as $$7 million was dropped on the deck of the Maran Centaurus, an oil tanker captured by Somali pirates, and the brigands happened to free the crew.

In 1997, Walter Kwok, the son of extravagantly wealthy Chinese businessman, was found alive in a wooden box after — oddly enough — the gangster holding him was paid $$77 million.

In 1974, Marxist guerrillas in Argentina who had kidnapped Exxon employee Victor Samuelson unaccountably decided to release him upon receipt of more than $$14 million.

To the list of these random, hard-to-fathom events must be added yet another bizarre coincidence: Last January, Tehran released four American prisoners just as the Obama administration sent $$400 million in cash gift-wrapped for the regime.

This, at least, is the administration’s cover story. Of course, no one would deny that all the earlier examples involved direct payments for the freedom of captives, but the administration wants plausible (or implausible) deniability. It insists it was the beneficiary of lucky timing with Iran. The weird confluence of cash payment and prisoner release can be called dumb luck, or a diplomatic opening, or another achievement of the indefatigable John Kerry — anything but the “ransom for hostages” it obviously is.

The Obama administration insists it was the beneficiary of lucky timing with Iran.

At the most basic level, if the U.S. government were paying ransom to Iran, this is what it would look like: A cargo plane stuffed with wooden pallets of $$400 million in foreign currency, obtained by the U.S. government from the central banks of the Netherlands and Switzerland, landing in an airport in Tehran reportedly the same day the hostages were released. The director Michael Bay couldn’t ask for better material.

To be sure, the money wasn’t an explicit ransom. That would be too obvious. It was part of a $$1.7 billion settlement of a long-standing dispute over an abortive Iranian arms purchase dating from before the fall of the Shah. The administration maintains that the negotiations over the decades-old arms-deal dispute and over the American hostages had nothing to do with one another — they were handled by different U.S. negotiating teams.

But both teams worked for the same government, with the same goal of forging an opening to Iran and the same awareness of Iranian demands. According to the Wall Street Journal, which broke the details of the flight of cash to Tehran in a blockbuster report, U.S. officials “acknowledge that Iranian negotiators on the prisoner exchange said they wanted the cash to show they had gained something tangible.”

“Something tangible” is commonly known as a ransom, which is what the Iranian press has called it, in yet another example of the Iranians being more forthright about their dealings with the United States government than representatives of the U.S. government are. A commander of the Revolutionary Guards commented, not unreasonably, that “taking this much money back was in return for the release of the American spies.”

In a follow-up report, the Wall Street Journal noted that senior Justice Department officials objected to flying the cash to Tehran on grounds, in the words of one source, that “the Iranians probably did consider it a ransom payment.” And why not? Somali outlaws, Marxist guerrillas, and hostage-takers going back to the pirates on the Aegean Sea who seized Julius Caesar and demanded 50 talents of silver for his freedom have always considered such payments ransom. They feel no need to resort to euphemism or to try to fool people about what they are doing.

In contrast, the Obama administration wants both to downplay the Iranian regime’s crimes and evade the truth about how it responded. Although by its standards the ransom payment was deft negotiation — at least it got something for it. But Tehran now knows that hostage-taking pays lucrative rewards. The Iranians have taken three more hostages. They are clearly hoping for another coincidence.

— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]. ©2016 King Features Syndicate",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
658552,"Plus one article on Google Plus

The Consensus Group is an affiliation of health-policy analysts, mostly located at think tanks around the country, who believe market-based reforms can produce broader coverage and higher value care while preserving the best features of American medicine.

Today, the group released a Statement on Health Reform, with 22 signatories, which raises serious concerns about the overall direction of the reform effort currently taking shape in Congress.

Here’s the key passage:

We are gravely concerned that several of the proposals offered by the President and the Congressional leadership would make matters worse, not better. These flawed prescriptions for radical change should not be accepted as part of any serious and sustainable health reform proposal: · A new government health insurance plan · An employer “play-or-pay” mandate · A uniform, government-defined package of benefits · A mandate that individuals must purchase insurance · A National Health Insurance Exchange extending federal regulatory powers over private insurance · Federal interference in the practice of medicine through a federal health board, comparative effectiveness review, and other government intrusions into medical decision-making

The full statement is available here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241054,"What Should Become of Steven Donziger?

By Jack Fowler — June 23, 2017

Neither persistence nor determination are virtues. Yes, people value them: We all want to cheer for The Little Engine that Could and Rudy. But Steven Donziger, the environmental-activist lawyer, is no Rudy. Actually, he’s more of Bernie. As in Madoff.

Donziger has been written about frequently here, for his crusade to conduct what has been called the legal fraud of the century: A contrived and calculated green-scamming operation to fleece Chevron over alleged rain-forest polluting in Ecuador (for alleged unremediated well sites that allegedly caused cancer for local peasants), masterminded by Donziger, who orchestrated a brazenly corrupt trial against the oil giant.

That foray ended well for the intrepid barrister: a bribed and coached Ecuadorean judiciary hit Chevron with a $$9.5 billion judgment.

Chevron, a National Review advertiser (praised be!), fought back, and took no prisoners. Among other things, the counterattack resulted in a federal court action, and in 2014, as Kevin Williamson wrote at the time, Donziger was on the receiving end of a brutal ruling, rendered by District Judge Lewis Kaplan. National Review’s editorial had this to say about the esquire scammer:

[Donziger is] a politically connected Harvard Law classmate of Barack Obama. Mr. Donziger would come to be the central figure in the legal case against Chevron — a case that, according to a decision just handed down by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, was the product of an ongoing criminal conspiracy under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO. The judge, Lewis Kaplan, found that Chevron’s antagonists had used “corrupt means” to procure a $$9.5 billion judgment against Chevron in Ecuador, and that those means included falsifying evidence, coercing judges, bribing “independent” expert witnesses and ghostwriting those “independent” experts’ reports to the court, bribing the Ecuadorian judge in the case, and subsequently lying to U.S. legal authorities in an attempt to cover up their misdeeds.

Shot down in the U.S. courts (and getting clobbered internationally, such as earlier this year in Canada), Donziger appealed Kaplan’s ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court. Same old same old: This week SCOTUS handed the leftist his latest defeat.

Donziger’s globe-trotting circus is getting boring — he’s certain to take his action to some nation demanding its legal system enforce the corrupt Ecuadorean ruling to swindle Chevron (he responded to the SCOTUS verdict saying he was seeking “an international judgment enforcement process.” Before he splits for Burundi or Bulgaria, someone should grab his passport, because it is time he possibly conduct his efforts from the confines of a federal prison cell. As Kaplan wrote in his 2014 decision, Donziger engaged in “bribery, coercion and fraud.” Those are harsh claims from a federal judge (backed up by copious facts, and even an amazing confessional video starring Donziger bragging about his scam). We wonder when a U.S. attorney will formally charge this man with criminal RICO charges. The shareholders of Chevron deserve justice, and the criminal Left that Donziger represents deserves as strong a throttling as our laws will permit.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
668284,"Chief Justice Roberts’s Puzzling Opinion

By Ammon Simon — July 5, 2012

Count me as one of the many Supreme Court watchers who are still puzzled by the Court’s health-care decision. Certainly, some parts of the chief justice’s opinion — those that recognize the importance of limited government — leave room for praise. Sadly, what he gave with one hand he took away with the other, producing an opinion that is marred by significant problems. One of the most significant problems is the disconnect between his Commerce Clause discussion and his taxing-power discussion.

With respect to the Commerce Clause, the chief recognized the importance of maintaining a principle that would limit Congress’s power. As he put it, “Congress has never attempted to rely on that power to compel individuals not engaged in commerce to purchase an unwanted product,” because there must be something to regulate in the first place (p. 18). Note how expansive Chief Justice Roberts thought this power to compel would be:

Construing the Commerce Clause to permit Congress to regulate individuals precisely because they are doing nothing would open a new and potentially vast domain to congressional authority. Every day individuals do not do an infinite number of things…Allowing Congress to justify federal regulation by pointing to the effect of inaction on commerce would bring countless decisions an individual could potentially make within the scope of federal regulation, and—under the Government’s theory—empower Congress to make those decisions for him. (emphasis added) (Roberts, p. 20-21).

Echoing Justice Kennedy’s language from oral arguments, he explained that “accepting the Government’s theory would give Congress the same license to regulate what we do not do, fundamentally changing the relation between the citizen and the Federal Government [emphasis added].” He also cited Federalist 48, for the notion that Congress could “everywhere . . . [extend] the sphere of its activity and . . . [draw] all power into its impetuous vortex.

To recap, upholding the mandate under the Commerce Clause would open up (1) a “new and potentially vast domain”; (2) reaching an “infinite number of things,” including “countless decisions an individual could make”; (3) “fundamentally changing the relation between the citizen and the Federal Government; and (4) creating an “impetuous vortex” of Congressional power. The chief even initially seemed to acknowledge the same concerns under a taxing-power mandate.

There may, however, be a more fundamental objection to a tax on those who lack health insurance. Even if only a tax, the payment under §5000A(b) remains a burden that the Federal Government imposes for an omission, not an act. If it is troubling to interpret the Commerce Clause as authorizing Congress to regulate those who abstain from commerce, perhaps it should be similarly troubling to permit Congress to impose a tax for not doing something. [emphasis added] (Roberts, p. 41).

But inexplicably, Chief Justice Roberts managed to dismiss the previously acknowledged problems through relabeling. He did so through three main arguments, none of which holds up in light of his original concerns.

1) He explains that the Constitution allows a “capitation” tax — a generally applicable “head tax” that applies regardless of someone’s actions or inaction. If we take the chief justice at his word, this citation could not possibly justify taxing inaction. His initial concern related to the government’s ability to reach “what we do not do,” not its ability to tax someone regardless of anything they do or don’t do.

2) He also references tax credits, subsidies for behavior implemented through the tax code. This is also irrelevant, at least if you accept his Commerce Clause language, as I do. No one contests the ability to regulate action that affects interstate commerce; the debate is over regulating inaction. In the same way, employing a tax credit to incentivize behavior is analogized to using the Commerce Clause to regulate action; irrelevant for evaluating if a tax can punish inaction. One can accept that the tax code can reward behavior, as under a credit, without accepting that the code can punish behavior, as under a tax.

3) He articulates already existing checks on the taxing power that constrain the federal government’s ability to regulate “what we do not do.” But, if the question in this case was only the extent of the federal government’s power to regulate inactivity, why wouldn’t the chief have only struck down the mandate (under the Commerce Clause) if the “penalty” attached to the mandate was too harsh? Indeed, the chief’s discussion of the Commerce Clause expresses concern about regulating the category of inactivity, not the extent of that regulation. His sleight of hand pretends that his categorical objections did not exist, and it was merely a question of ensuring that the regulation of inactivity was not too expansive. Otherwise Chief Justice Roberts could have found that the mandate was constitutional under the Commerce Clause, provided that the accompanying penalty was not too harsh.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
698988,"There’s slightly more to this than meets the eye. The EPA is on the verge of making an endangerment finding about CO2, a truly boneheaded move that will put the EPA in control of the economy. If the divorce study holds up, and it has to (I’ve been arguing for years that enviros need to consider the emissions effects of divorce if they want to be consistent), then the EPA actually will have an interest in your divorce, as you increase emissions by going ahead. Who knows, the day may come when you have to file papers with the EPA as well as the Court.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
668723,"A Box Full of Marbles

A box full of marbles.

By Denis Boyles — June 10, 2003

In 1986, I went to an auction in rural Maryland and bought a full-length sofa and a box of marbles that had been tightly stuffed into in a cloth bag. At the time, I was driving a 1973 Cadillac Sedan de Ville, for which I had paid $$500. It was a huge car, with electric everything, including a little switch on the floor that changed the radio stations for you. The interior was all done up in kind of a faded pea green silk brocade. My girlfriend at the time remarked that every time she got in the car, she felt like she was checking into a cheap motel. And indeed she was. But I digress.

The Caddy’s trunk was vast, easily big enough to tote sofas home from the country. I parked the couch in the living room and promptly lost the box of marbles. Twelve years later, my children found them, tore open the bag, poured the marbles into the box and provided me with a metaphor for the story that won’t die in the European press: the weapons of mass destruction “controversy”.

About two weeks ago, Paul Wolfowitz’s mangled quote that seemed to claim that the WMD issue was just a convenient argument for war appeared in Vanity Fair. The Vanity Fair story tipped the box just a little, because as the rest of the press sought to report badly what Vanity Fair had reported badly, all the media marbles started to roll. Until something tips the box some other way, the WMD story has the advantage of gravity. Of course, there isn’t much of a story there. But that would be to misunderstand what’s really happening in the European (and for that matter American) press. As surely everyone understands by now, the story that’s being reported, especially in the left-wing media, isn’t in the details. It’s in the hyperstory: the war in Iraq was wrong, they’re reporting, just as they had always said it had been. And, since journalists can only see that for which they are looking, they have proof.

For most of the broadsheets, the WMD story is couched in what Le Monde persistently calls les polémiques. In the U.S., according to the paper, controversies are being stirred up daily as new “doubts” are voiced not only by the Democrats, but also by the military establishment. According to Le Figaro, there’s a “risk” that the controversy may trigger something the paper calls Iraqgate, because, the paper claims, the scandal has the Bush administration on the ropes because it “could be” that Blair and Bush misled the public about the WMDs. The Germans agree: If the massenvernichtungswaffen aren’t found, and found soon, says the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, Bush will have to admit that Hans Blix is right when he says there’s a “probability that there are no weapons of mass destruction there” at all.

The richly nuanced, sympathetic language of “doubts” and “risks” and “concerns” and “questions” is grossly dishonest, of course. Why do media weenies have to be so passive-aggressive? Why can’t Le Monde and the Independent and their ilk just run a big headline every day that says, “Bush Is a Jerk!” and be done with it? The cowardice of the left is painfully obvious when a paper like the New York Times runs a front-page story-well, more an inference than a story, I guess — like James Risen’s vaguely sourced, sometimes contradictory, always mystifying little item, “Captives Deny Qaeda Worked With Baghdad” — as if that settles the matter, when what they’re really trying to say was said most honestly and clearly last week by Liberation. The paper covered its front page with pictures of Blair and Bush beneath the huge word “LIARS”.

Bush and Blair are liars. They were wrong and we were right. They’s bad people and we’re good people. That’s what all the little marbles in the box are saying. And while I don’t agree with much of Liberation’s political point of view or its journalistic silliness (try “24 Hours in the Life of a Strike”), at least they’re not afraid to call a spade a pelle and take the heat for saying what they really think. The rest of the marbles in the box need therapy — even though, according a report in Le Monde, psychiatrists and psychologists are all busy driving themselves crazy perhaps, the paper continues, because their patients face a difficult, anguishing, crushing personal struggle every day against the odds to find le point G.

The other, less spiritually inspired obsessions of the Euro-press last week had to do with the trouble at the New York Times, where the decision to send Howell Raines back home to write Whiskey Man II: The Hangover was summed up by the Times with the understatement of the week: “New York Times Not Objective.” Not even the Independent cut little Pinch (“this sucks”) Sulzberger any slack with its piece captioned, “The Shame of the Grey Lady,” which sounds a lot more interesting than it was.

In the U.K., where most people would rather mind their pennies than their euro-cents, Gordon Brown, the man who will never be prime minister, rejected an early attempt to pick the pockets of Britons and replace the pound with the money of the French, as reported with some melancholy resignation by Suddeutsche Zeitung. Acceptance of the euro, like the acceptance of Valéry Giscard d’Estaing’s EU constitution, has become one of those issues that seems to break along the right-left axis. Many on the left, like the odd assortment of “analysts” employed by the BBC, suddenly fell to trying to figure out how to make Brown say something he didn’t say at all, while on the right, the editor of the Daily Telegraph was suggesting that the whole European question might be the lemming issue that drives New Labour over a white cliff somewhere. Meanwhile, in Poland, as Die Welt reported, voters were deciding to join the EU-one of a series of lucky breaks that, according to Thomas Fuller’s assessment in the IHT, has left an astonished Berlin at the center of power in the EU, for whatever that’s worth.

I won’t overstay my tenuous welcome, but in parting, may I leave those of you queuing for the Imax at the Museum of Iraq, or whatever it’s called, with some good news? According to a remarkable report in the Guardian by a “furious” David Aaronovich, almost all the exhibits that previously had been reported as having been looted have turned up downstairs, where the staff had locked them away for safe-keeping. (Or, as I heard one NPR commentator put it, “…to protect them from the occupation people.”) Aaronovitch (or his editor) can’t quite bring himself to say that he was duped by, among others, the Guardian itself the last time the marbles rolled in the box, but the paper’s website helpfully provides a link to many of the offending pieces, including this weepy piece by Jonathan Steele, written last April. Wear a raincoat, Mr. Steele; in hindsight, you look really, really bad.

— Denis Boyles, an NRO contributor, is a journalist based in Europe.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
401575,"Why Workers Are Angry

By David Lapp — December 29, 2015

Gary wasn’t mad at his ex-employer. A self-employed contractor for years, Gary joined a new company as a contracting manager because he believed it would enable him to fulfill what he saw as a solemn duty towards his son: giving him a more secure future. So when Gary was suddenly laid off, despite the company’s apparently handsome profits, it came as a shock to him. But he was mainly mad at himself, not the employer, for making what he called “the biggest mistake of my life”: joining the company in the first place.

He was mad at “females.” Twice divorced, and now in a long-term relationship, Gary says he no longer trusts marriage. “The hurt that’s been caused to me by a lack of commitment on the part of other people, I know how devastating that can be,” he said, lamenting that “Marriage can be tossed out like a Pepsi can.” Allison Pugh, who tells his story in her book The Tumbleweed Society, reads “duty” in his words, though she suggests that his “keen sense of duty makes him see and name betrayal at home but not at work.”

But Pugh doesn’t believe Gary when he says that he isn’t angry at his employer. She says that Gary “displaces” his feelings of anger toward his employer toward the women in his life. In other words, the real site of his anger is at work, and his keen sense of betrayal by women is just a manifestation of pent-up anger about his layoff.

“Displacing,” Pugh says, “is a way for workers to feel their feelings, but without aiming them at the forces at work that they view as more implacable, impervious, and inevitable. Instead, they aim these feelings at their intimate partners, animated by a powerful sense of other people’s duty at home.”

As I detailed in my last piece, I found illuminating Pugh’s description of the “one-way honor system” – the way most of her interviewees did not expect loyalty from their employers, even as they held themselves to high standards of dedication to their employers. But this was one place where Pugh lost my trust: The distance between her own interpretation of Gary’s attitudes and the facts of Gary’s life story was too great to overcome.

RELATED: The Failure of the Family Widens America’s Economic and Cultural Divides

Gary’s mother was forced to give him up to foster care because of her struggles with substance abuse, and he never knew his father. “I’m trying to break the cycle and start being normal from here on,” he told Pugh. But it had been a difficult journey. His first marriage ended for unspecified reasons, his second marriage ended after his wife left him, and now – despite being in a long-term relationship with a woman – he is not interested in marriage. “I have a very set opinion of relationships and how females handle them,” Gary said. “It’s what I’ve seen consistently throughout my life.” He seems to be saying that his lack of interest in marriage stems from very real and repeated experiences of betrayal at the hands of women in relationships.

Pugh reports his story, but remains unfazed in proffering her own interpretation: Betrayed by employers and women, “Gary recognizes the failings of one and not the other, using a very particular configuration of duty to displace feelings of anger, disappointment, and outrage away from work and onto his intimate life.” She asserts that his work experiences are the true source of his anger with no evidence to back her argument and in flat contradiction to how Gary himself appears to make sense of his story – not to mention the fact that Gary first experienced betrayal in his family of origin, not at work. Where Gary told an interesting story rooted in a real sequence of events, Pugh interrupted with theoretical musings about displacement. Why not just follow Gary’s own story and see where it takes us?

RELATED: Social Inequality Matters as Much as — or More Than — Economic Inequality

Regrettably, it wasn’t the only time Pugh dismissed her own interviewees’ stories and explanations in order to advance her thesis that insecure work shapes people’s attitudes in relationships.

She does it again when she tells us about Fiona, who has worked at least eleven jobs since her teenage son was born, and has had at least four serious, long-term relationships, including one with her now-husband. “If something was bad, we just moved on,” Fiona said, referring to her and her son. “If it was a bad job, I got a new job. If it was a bad boy – . . . relationship, I moved or got out of it or whatever. I don’t believe in sticking with something that’s not working.” In the face of insecurity at work and in relationships, Pugh says, Fiona adopts a stance of “independence,” defiantly insisting that “it’s me and [my son] against the world.”

RELATED: Why We’re Never Moving Away from Income Inequality

Why does Fiona do this? Pugh notes that she “dates her understanding of the perils of commitment to her childhood,” in which she watched her mom stay with her stepfather, despite his infidelity and their high-conflict marriage. It’s watching her mother make commitments like this, Fiona says, that has “driven a lot of my flexibility and adaptability, because I didn’t want to get stuck in this situation.”

But Pugh doesn’t see it that way. She points out that what every interviewee who adopted an independent stance toward work and relationships had in common was job precariousness, and points to “the devaluation of care work and job precariousness that helped to generate [Fiona’s] situation.”

But what I see is what Fiona herself noted: that her stance of independence toward relationships and marriage was born from watching her mother stay in a bad marriage to an adulterous husband, and that she adopts the same attitude in her jobs. Moreover, it’s not that surprising that Pugh’s interviewees who fell into her “independent” category experienced job precariousness: If, like Fiona, they have a low tolerance for sticking with unhappy jobs – and therefore a low tolerance for compromise – we should expect a lot of job turnover.

It’s possible that Fiona’s attitude about work stems at least partly from faithless employers. Considering the stories I’ve heard from low-wage workers in my own interviews, I’m very sympathetic to that idea. But I’m not persuaded that everything flows in one direction: from bad work experiences to bad relationship experiences.

RELATED: Employer Paternalism: Making It Easier for the Risk-Averse to Say ‘Yes’ to a Job

Pugh’s insistence on this point is unfortunate, because I suspect it stymied what conclusions could have organically emerged from following more closely her interviewees’ own stories and explanations. Combine Gary and Fiona’s accounts of themselves with Pugh’s insight about the ability to compromise as the mechanism by which the stably employed (regardless of class) are able to keep their jobs, and we may have a better theory: It could be the case that traumatic experiences in childhood coupled with bad relationship experiences of one’s own weaken one’s ability to compromise, and thereby damage prospects for keeping stable employment.

There is some evidence that suggests such a possibility. As Sara McLanahan and Gary Sandefur point out in Growing Up with a Single Parent, research shows that children from fragmented families are one and a half times more likely to be “idle,” defined as “out of school and out of work,” in their late teens and early twenties, compared with children from intact families. If they are more likely to be idle, might they also be more likely to churn through jobs? Perhaps Gary’s early experience of betrayal by his mom made it more difficult for him to trust people – and therefore more difficult to compromise and more difficult to keep a job.

In our own conversations with working-class young people, my wife and I have seen hints that this dynamic may be real. Just in the past couple weeks, one low-wage worker told me that he thinks his “anger issues” sometimes get the best of him at work, and another cited his struggle with bipolar disorder when explaining why he suddenly quit his job after an argument with his manager.

I also think of Anthony, who once had what he regarded as a good job, making $$13.25 an hour as a cook at a nursing home. His employer saw a lot of potential in him, and promised that he would help Anthony pay for a culinary school education. But Anthony quit that job because he found it too boring, and his relationship with his fiancée subsequently fell apart. Instead of doing what the stably employed in Pugh’s sample did – give up searching for the “perfect” job – Anthony opted to look for something more rewarding.

RELATED: Poverty, Despair, and Big Government

His decision to quit didn’t happen in isolation: He also struggled with alcohol abuse and depression. Moreover, he thinks that his family past – his parents divorced when he was a child – contributed to his difficulties in young adulthood. As he said, when explaining why he thinks kids from intact families have an advantage over kids from fragmented families, “You always have that love, you don’t have that feeling of, ‘Why did my dad leave? Why is this? Was it something I did?’ Like a child doesn’t know that. It always sticks with you, and it makes you rebellious to an extent.” From his experience of growing up with other kids from fragmented families, he thinks that kids from “broken homes” (his words) have to “grow up really quick,” and “you get into sex, you get into drugs. I feel like a lot of people [from intact families] – they’re more into sports, into education, they’re more into those things. Where we were just like, ‘Screw it.’”

To be sure, the low-wage economy takes a toll on young adults, and we can’t ignore that. But if Anthony is right, and children from unstable families find it more natural to adopt the “screw it” attitude, then family fragmentation has taken a toll on the workforce.

— David Lapp, co-investigator of the Love and Marriage in Middle America Project, is a Research Fellow at the Institute for Family Studies and Affiliate Scholar at the Institute for American Values. This article has been reprinted with permission from Family Studies.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
696466,"Now that the individual mandate has been found unconstitutional, some on the left are starting to claim it was a conservative idea originally. Some politicians may have spoken out of both sides of their mouth on the subject, but the free-market community has always vigorously opposed the idea. For proof, here’s my colleague Greg Conko, who has been fighting the good fight on health-care issues for long enough that he remembers all this as if it were yesterday:

It’s worth noting, though, that most of us in the free market movement have never embraced the health insurance purchase mandate. And I’m proud to dig out of the archives an old Cato Institute paper (pdf) written by my former CEI colleague Tom Miller (now at the American Enterprise Institute), which roundly criticizes the 1993-94 Republican compromise legislation. Tom found a lot of faults in those bills, and he singled out the individual purchase mandate as being especially egregious. While acknowledging that, from a political perspective, “any legislative alternative to the Clinton plan must guarantee universal coverage,” he wrote:

The most troubling aspect of the Nickles-Stearns legislation, as introduced on November 20 [1993], is the mandate that it imposes on all Americans to purchase a standard package of health insurance benefits. By endorsing the concept of compulsory universal insurance coverage, Nickles-Stearns undermines the traditional principles of personal liberty and individual responsibility that provide essential bulwarks against all-intrusive governmental control of health care.

Tom concluded that, “By failing to provide a clear alternative based on market principles, Nickles-Stearns blurs opposition to Clinton-style health care legislation. By focusing the political debate on the wrong issues, it opens the door to extensive political interference in private health care decisions.” Indeed.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
906501,"Nowadays, government leaders frequently have to deal with issues involving science. In this connection, the possibility that Donald Trump could become president is particularly alarming.

Of all the developments that have advanced the human condition over the past 200 years, the discovery of vaccines to protect people against the ravages of disease has been among the most important. Within living memory, scourges including smallpox, measles, mumps, hepatitis, meningitis, bubonic plague, pneumonic plague, pneumonia, typhus, yellow fever, anthrax, flu, and polio slaughtered or crippled millions. Indeed, such outbreaks have ranked among the greatest catastrophes in human history, with the 1918 flu epidemic, for example, estimated to have killed more people than both world wars combined.

But now, as a result of the development of vaccines, people no longer live in fear of deadly disease, parents can reasonably hope to see their children live to adulthood, and the once-important greeting “How are you?” has become a mere customary salutation.

Yet Donald Trump has chosen to engage in demagoguery against the use of vaccines, spreading the lie that vaccinations cause autism. Such reckless statements endanger public health, affecting not just those who fall for them but all of us, since the more people there are within a population who are unvaccinated, the easier it is for a disease to gain a foothold, diversify, and spread.

RELATED: Trump Doesn’t Represent Republicans on Vaccine Question

Trump’s rejection of modern medicine could endanger the nation in other ways as well. Many deadly diseases originate in countries whose medical capabilities are far below those of the United States. If Third World outbreaks are to be stopped before they can spread to our shores, it is essential that American medical, military, scientific, and volunteer personnel be able to go overseas and fight them. With the world linked together as it is now by rapid long-distance travel, no great wall is going to protect us from a widespread African, Asian, or South American epidemic. We need to defeat new plagues over there, so we don’t have to face them over here.

Yet Donald Trump has called for banning American Ebola fighters from returning to the United States, and presumably would act in similar fashion toward the brave souls who dare to go abroad to combat other scourges as well. As an act of betrayal of America’s finest, such cowardice speaks for itself. And from a scientific point of view, it doesn’t even meet the standard of craven self-interest.

Trump’s views on agriculture are similar to those put forth by the anthroposophy movement. He and his family will only eat “organic” foods, grown locally by “biodynamic” means. Such foods are available in a number of supermarkets, but because of the low crop yields offered by such methods, they generally cost about three times as much as those produced by modern agriculture. For the Trumps, of course, paying triple the price for groceries is not an issue, and so this preference might be viewed as a harmless personal choice. Unfortunately, however, the organic-food movement has launched a variety of “truth in labeling” and other initiatives designed to increase the cost of foods grown through modern means. Having a chief executive sympathetic to such goals, with authority over regulatory agencies, could be a disaster, not only to farmers, but to millions of ordinary Americans who do have to care about their grocery bills.

RELATED: The Beginning of the End of Anti-GMO Hysteria?

It gets worse. One of the most important frontier areas in American agricultural technology today is the use of genetic engineering to modify crop plants, making them more productive and nutritious, and decreasing the need for insecticides and chemical fertilizers. For example, by splicing the gene for producing beta carotene into rice plants, scientists have created a new breed, called “golden rice,” that is rich in Vitamin A. By growing and eating such improved rice, poor people around the world — whose diet is largely limited to cereals — can be protected against vitamin-deficiency diseases that currently bring blindness or death to millions of children every year.

The green movement — especially in European countries whose farmers fear American competition — has made opposition to such wonderful advances a central issue of their political platforms. In this, they have unfortunately had some success, getting the EU to ban imports of genetically modified foods, to the disadvantage of American agriculture and with disastrous impact on Third World countries. It is essential that whoever is elected president be a strong supporter of genetically modified organism (GMO) technology. Trump, however, is an opponent, going so far as to denounce the voters of Iowa as being victims of brain damage from the consumption of GMO corn.

RELATED: GMO: Gimmicky Marketing Obfuscation

As part of the Republican costume he has recently adopted for the primaries, Trump has, over the course of the current race, mouthed the expected GOP positions on a variety of environmental issues. However, an examination of his record going back before his present incarnation does not support the hypothesis that these commitments are real. For example, while he currently says that he opposes carbon taxes, he has been a major funder of fanatical carbon-benefit deniers, such as John Kerry, who, ignoring the clear benefits offered by longer growing seasons, CO2-accelerated rates of plant growth, and rapidly advancing global living standards, have chosen to try to make fossil fuels less available to humanity.

As another example of such flexibility, while Trump currently says he supports nuclear power, he has been a major funder of anti-nuclear politicians, including Senator Harry Reid (D., Nev.). It was Reid, as Senate majority leader, who blocked the establishment of a permanent nuclear-waste repository under Yucca Mountain in Nevada, thereby forcing nuclear power plants to keep storing radioactive waste on site, in or near metropolitan areas, imposing increased costs on them and risking danger to the public. Reid was also responsible for appointing anti-nuclear activist Greg Jaczko as head of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), from which position he not only destroyed the Nevada nuclear-waste-repository program, but also blocked the U.S. Navy from going to the rescue of victims left shipwrecked at sea or trapped under rubble ashore by the Fukushima tidal wave in Japan.

Trump can say that he does not believe in Kerry’s and Reid’s anti-science stands on carbon-fuel use and nuclear power, respectively, but only supported them in order to obtain favors. His apologists might also claim that he doesn’t really oppose vaccinations, either, but only says he does because he sees an angle. Maybe so, but that’s hardly reassuring.

When it comes to science, truth matters.

— Robert Zubrin is president of Pioneer Energy of Lakewood, Colo., and the author of The Case for Mars. His latest book, Merchants of Despair: Radical Environmentalists, Criminal Pseudo-Scientists, and the Fatal Cult of Antihumanism, has been published in paperback by Encounter Books.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
699523,"Re: Copernicus Lived in Vain

By Iain Murray — December 3, 2007

My good lady wife’s reaction:

“Well of course that’s what they’d say. Aren’t the French told from birth that the entire Universe revolves around them?”

She may think that, but I couldn’t possibly comment.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
206986,"Over at EconLog, David Henderson comes to my defense. He responds to a post by the Niskanen Center’s Karl Smith criticizing me for warning people about one of the many risks of implementing a border-adjustment tax (a 20 percent tax on imports that exempts exports): Once in place, the rate could easily be increased. In making that case I pointed to actual examples of people already calling for such a hike.

I wasn’t going to respond to Smith anymore than I had on Twitter when his post came out. However, Henderson’s fight for my honor prompted me to change my mind only because some of the arguments Smith makes are often made in the course of the BAT debate.

First, Smith jumps to the wrong conclusion when he implies that my opposition to BAT comes only from the risk I perceive of tax-rate hikes in the future, and that opposition to higher rates shows how little I care about the structure of the tax code. Second, he also makes the common mistake of assuming that 1) a destination-based tax is the only way to move to a consumption tax and 2) that a border-adjustment tax is a consumption tax.

He writes:

Yet, whether we should have a high or low rate on a minimally distorting tax structure is precisely the argument we want to be having. Consider what the alternative suggests: that we ought prefer a tax structure which does more economic damage to the country so that our political opponents will be less willing to use it. Even if that tactic were to in some sense “work,” it leaves us with less revenue, more debt, and greater economic distortions. We should seek policy that improves the range of outcomes rather than simply thwarting the other side from achieving their objectives.

First, as my many posts and articles on the issue demonstrate, stopping liberals from jacking up a border-tax rate in the future is hardly my only reason to oppose it. Implied here is also the idea that my opposition to higher rates, and to the BAT, is evidence that I oppose a more efficient tax structure. When I corrected him on Twitter, he responded in a way that made me better understand his point. In his mind, a move to a BAT is a move to a consumption-based tax, a tax system much less distortive and efficient than the current system. As such, an opposition to the BAT means an opposition to a consumption tax and hence, my opposition to a more efficient tax system.

Smith isn’t particularly supportive of the border-adjustment tax and is more interested in showing the weakness of my argument as per the title of his post. The problem for him is that he wrongly assumes that I don’t support a move to a consumption-tax system (even though I have been calling for such move for over a decade). That’s because he mistakenly believes, like many others, that all consumption taxes are equally desirable. It may be correct from an “efficiency” point of view but it’s incorrect from a small-government point of view. Some consumption taxes are destination-based taxes, that’s the BAT. While they are possibly less distortive (it remains to be seen in the case of a BAT), they give a lot of power to the government. But a consumption tax can be an origin-based tax. Unlike a destination-based tax, it has the merits of being less distortive without giving massive collective power to the government.

I will concede that I am biased against big government. That’s why I have always opposed destination-based taxes. As I have explained before, a destination-based tax may be a consumption tax but its design undermines tax competition by creating an environment where no matter how high the rate goes, companies and people have nowhere to go and are stuck shouldering a potentially high tax burden. In other words, my complaint about liberals using the BAT to hike future rates was actually less a criticism about the tax rate — even though I don’t like that either — than it was about the structure of a tax that gives too much power to the government and makes it easier to hike future rates.

Thankfully, destination-based taxes, like the BAT, are not the only way way to move to a consumption-based system. We could, for instance, adopt an origin-based consumption tax such as the Hall-Rabushka flat tax. So don’t be fooled by the rhetoric that we must adopt a BAT to get a consumption tax.

Finally, I inferred from our Twitter exchange that Smith wrongly assumes that the Border Adjustment Tax is indeed a consumption tax. The wage deduction that makes it a BAT and not a Value Added Tax (VAT) means that it’s not a consumption tax as economist John Cochrane explains here:

The revenue point, I think, makes it clear though just how far from a VAT or consumption tax this is. From the Tax Policy Center, Federal government revenues are $3 trillion — about 17.5 percent of GDP. Thus, a pure VAT of 17.5% with no Federal personal income tax, estate tax, excise tax, corporate tax, or anything else is revenue neutral. Current corporate taxes are 10 percent of government revenue and 1.5 percent of GDP over the past five years — tiny. So if this tax needs to have a 30 percent rate just to generate 1.5% of GDP, its base must be tiny. If we tax corporate sales, but allow corporations to deduct wages, the cost of inputs, investments (i.e., they buy forklifts for the factory, and can deduct the cost of the forklift), interest payments, and dividend payments then . . . there is nothing left! So, I infer that the tax base is only on interest and dividend payments.

Get that? That’s another case, where pro-BAT advocates are selling the tax for what it is not. It is not a consumption tax. But again, if it was a consumption tax, free-market advocates should still be wary of a destination-based tax.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
637628,"As everyone in here knows, yesterday, a number of internal memoranda written by John Roberts when he was a legal adviser in the Reagan White House were released. Many news stories have portrayed the memos as hostile to women’s rights. One memorandum in particular, written in response to a inquiry by Linda Chavez–then Director of Public Liaison at the White House, now President of the Center for Equal Opportunity–has drawn much press attention. In response, Chavez (who I work with) today released this statement:

“John Roberts’s comment in one memorandum that ‘Some might question whether encouraging homemakers to become lawyers contributes to the common good,’ was obviously a joke at the expense of lawyers, not a sexist slam. It is ludicrous to suppose that Mr. Roberts would make a sexist remark to the person who was, after all, then the highest ranking woman on the White House staff–and a working mom to boot.

“Second, and more substantively, it is absurd for reporters to equate rejection of ‘comparable worth’ with opposition to ‘women’s rights,’ as a number of news stories implicitly or explicitly do. The largely discredited concept of comparable worth would ignore the marketplace and require employers to set wages depending on a bureaucratic calculation of a job’s worth. Mr. Roberts was not alone in rejecting such central planning. I opposed it when I was director of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, the Commission itself recommended its rejection, as did the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit–probably the nation’s most liberal–in a decision written by Anthony Kennedy, now a Supreme Court Justice.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657809,"President Obama allowed today that Iran could decide “to break out” toward a nuclear weapon at the end of the 15-year deal his team negotiated. The remarks are a stark rhetorical shift from Obama’s previous statements that the accord would permanently bar the regime from weaponizing its nuclear program. They give new credence to the opponents of the deal — Republican, Democratic, and Israeli — who argue that it will render Iran a “nuclear threshold state” by the time it expires.

“Is it possible that at the end of 15 years, they now start introducing some more advanced centrifuges and at some point they feel comfortable enough, cocky enough, to say now’s the time for us to break out, we’re going to kick out all the IAEA inspectors, we’re going to announce that we’re going to pursue a nuclear weapon?” he said Friday during a webcast from the White House with the Jewish Federations of America. “Absolutely. Just as it’s possible that they could have done that next week if we hadn’t had this deal.”

That admission is a far cry from the assurances he provided August 5, in a bellicose speech defending the deal at American University. “We have achieved a detailed arrangement that permanently prohibits Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon,” Obama said in that speech. “It cuts off all of Iran’s pathways to a bomb.”

Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected that assessment of the deal during his appearance before Congress earlier this year. “This deal has two major concessions: one, leaving Iran with a vast nuclear program and two, lifting the restrictions on that program in about a decade,” he said in March. “That’s why this deal is so bad. It doesn’t block Iran’s path to the bomb; it paves Iran’s path to the bomb.”

Get Free Exclusive NR Content

New York senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader-in-waiting, made the same point when he announced his opposition to the deal. “The agreement would allow Iran, after ten to fifteen years, to be a nuclear threshold state with the blessing of the world community,” Schumer said a day after Obama’s America University speech. “Iran would have a green light to be as close, if not closer to possessing a nuclear weapon than it is today. And the ability to thwart Iran if it is intent on becoming a nuclear power would have less moral and economic force.”

Obama said today that he had no choice but to leave Iran with some nuclear infrastructure because “the world community” and even Iranian dissidents believe that the Non-Proliferation Treaty gives Iran the right to a peaceful nuclear program. “In the best of all worlds, Iran would have no nuclear infrastructure whatsoever. There wouldn’t be a single nut, bolt, building, nuclear scientist, uranium mine, anywhere inside of Iran and that I suppose would be the single guarantee that Iran never has a nuclear weapon,” he said. “Unfortunately, that’s not a reality that’s attainable.”

— Joel Gehrke is a political reporter for National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207293,"Making the Case for Austerity

By Veronique de Rugy — September 20, 2010

In the current issue of Reason, I make the case for austerity. I know Krugman and DeLong are upset that many European countries won’t spend as much as they wish they would spend, but my guess is that, sitting on this side of the Atlantic, American economists are forgetting that most European Union member states have no alternative. Countries that rely heavily on foreign investors — such as Greece, France, Ireland, Italy, and Spain — must cut spending to avoid being shut off from the global capital markets:

Contrary to common belief, investors don’t judge sovereign default risks based on public debt as a percentage of gross domestic product. Instead, bond professionals grade on a curve, assessing one country’s fiscal behavior against another’s. When investors lose confidence in a government’s fiscal rectitude relative to its competitors, they withdraw, and the snubbed country suffers. Capital being a scarce good, the result is increased interest rates and a higher price for debt. One of the key signaling devices for international investors is how a government behaves under financial duress—how it balances the demands of its debtors with those of its welfare recipients. Announcements of lower spending and higher taxes tell investors a country is willing to go to great lengths not to default on its debt obligations. If the government instead focuses on preserving its welfare state and public employee benefits, investors know default is more likely and will shy away from that country’s bonds.Japan has the world’s biggest debt as a percentage of GDP, at 227 percent, nearly four times the economist-recommended 60 percent ceiling. It has gotten away with its carelessness without risking default because the country relies more heavily than most on domestic investors to fund its follies. The United States, despite a dangerous debt burden relative to GDP (66 percent) and a structural deficit among the highest of developed countries (almost 4 percent), has so far also escaped investor censure, thanks to the perception that the dollar remains the safest currency in the world. European countries don’t have that luxury.

Alex Massie makes the same argument about Ireland:

As always, I’m not sure what Krugman’s alternative is. He’s a brilliant economist and I’m not but, in the end, Ireland’s problem has been that it ran out of money. This year Ireland is borrowing nearly €20bn to cover the gap between revenues and expenditure. That’s unsustainable and a reminder that Ireland’s woes are gravely exacerbated by but not confined to the fiasco at Anglo Irish. (And the other, smaller fiascos elsewhere in the financial sector.) No wonder the governor of the Central Bank is calling for further spendings reductions of €3bn this year. And, again, Krugman ignores the fact that the Irish have been here before. The 1987 crisis was in some ways as bleak as Dubin’s present predicament. Perhaps an updated Tallaght Strategy won’t be enough this time, but the memory of Haughey’s reforming 1987 government remains powerful: austerity then helped create some of the conditions for future growth. Perhaps Krugman is right that austerity is often a bad idea but it’s not been a bad idea for Ireland in the past and, anyway, given the peculiarities of Ireland’s current parlous situation it’s not clear that, for once, there was any compelling let alone palatable alternative. This hardly means one need place any confidence in the men at the Ministry for Finance and their ability to dig the country out of the hole it’s in. But using Ireland as a pawn in some greater “Austerity Doesn’t Work” game doesn’t work either. Ireland might well be screwed regardless of what branch of painful thereapy it chose.

Here’s Megan McArdle on this same point several weeks back. If you like reading about Krugman’s errors, go here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
602834,"Let us stipulate that it would be difficult for House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes (R., Calif.) and the Trump White House to have handled a critical intelligence matter any worse.

Still, the questions Nunes has raised are more important than the fact that he shot himself in the foot while pursuing the answers.

The chairman says he was invited by an unidentified intelligence official to review classified documents on the White House grounds — at the Old Executive Office Building, it appears, where the National Security Council has secure facilities for that purpose. These documents purportedly show that communications from Trump transition officials, and perhaps Trump himself, were intercepted during intelligence-agency monitoring of foreign powers; and Nunes says the monitoring in question appears unrelated to Russia’s meddling in the U.S. election.

Nunes reports that the documents he was shown suggest that the Obama administration may have been using its foreign-intelligence powers to shadow the incoming Trump team. Though the communications in question were lawfully intercepted, Nunes suggests that the identities of Trump officials should have been “masked” (i.e., concealed) under standard minimization rules that guide the dissemination of classified foreign intelligence throughout the “community” of U.S. intelligence agencies. Instead, the identities of the Trump officials were revealed and widely transmitted to people with no apparent need to know about the officials’ communications — some of which, in Nunes’s description, had “little or no apparent foreign-intelligence value.”

Nunes’s account cannot be verified because the documents he reviewed have not been disclosed, nor reviewed by anyone else who is talking. Meanwhile, rather than first sharing what he learned with members of the important committee he chairs, Nunes went to the White House to brief President Trump.

This is bizarre for two reasons. First, the classified information Nunes reviewed belongs to the executive branch, which the president leads. Trump does not need to be briefed by a member of Congress; he can direct the appropriate intelligence officials to brief him — and could then declassify and publicize any information he believes the public should have (redacting any information that could compromise critical intelligence secrets, methods and sources). Second, Nunes, who served on the Trump transition team, leads a committee responsible for getting to the bottom of both alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election and the executive branch’s potential abuse of its foreign-intelligence collection power. By opening himself up to the charge that his first loyalty is to the White House rather than to his committee’s investigation, Nunes damages both his own credibility and the perception that his committee can conduct a reliable investigation.

That said, Democratic calls for Nunes’s recusal, led by the committee’s notoriously partisan ranking member, Adam Schiff (D., Calif.), are as meritless as they are transparently political. A congressional investigation is not a criminal trial before an impartial jury; it is an inquiry by a bipartisan committee of politicians who have patent party loyalties, and who engage in obvious partisan gamesmanship. If Schiff’s point is that a congressional investigation is invalid unless those conducting it are objective and non-partisan, there is not a single Democrat or Republican who could sit on a single committee — he, least of all.

We can always hope that at least some members of Congress will rise to the call of statesmanship, if just for the sake of their own reputations. But we don’t rely on such hopes; we rely on the clash of partisans. Congressional committees are bipartisan precisely because their members are expected to sympathize with their own side of the conflict. The idea is that we get at the truth because each side will make its best case, challenging the other’s assertions. Nunes is to be faulted because he has gratuitously given Democrats a leg up in that debate. But he is no more disqualified to participate in the investigation than is Schiff, who has already publicly woven an extravagant theory of collusion between Trump associates and Russia — exactly what a credible, impartial investigator does not do before the investigation is completed.

While Nunes clearly mishandled matters after obtaining information from what he says is more than one source, his pursuit of that information through these intelligence sources is understandable — perhaps even necessary.

The chairman claims that the FBI is not being cooperative with the Intelligence Committee’s investigation of the handling of classified information involving Michael Flynn, Trump’s former national-security adviser. Flynn resigned after it emerged that he had given Trump officials, including Vice President Pence, an incomplete account of his post-election communications with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak — to wit, Flynn did not inform them that he discussed the topic of just-imposed Obama administration sanctions against Russia. The FBI knew that the topic had come up because it had a recording of the relevant telephone conversation — apparently because it was monitoring Kislyak’s calls.

It is beyond cavil that the FBI’s surveillance of Kislyak was proper. He is an agent of a foreign power, and thus a proper target of court-authorized eavesdropping under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. And while some have questioned the propriety of the “unmasking” of Flynn’s identity — probably by the FBI — in disseminating classified reporting about the conversation to other intelligence agencies, I have explained that this, too, was justified. Minimization rules permit unmasking of American identities when it is necessary to understand the intelligence value of a communication. Plainly, it was relevant that the person the Russian ambassador was speaking with, and apparently seeking accommodations from, was the incoming president’s national-security adviser.

Nevertheless, as I’ve further elaborated, aspects of the way Flynn’s case was handled by the FBI raise questions. The New York Times matter-of-factly reported that the FBI was sharing intelligence about the Flynn-Kislyak call with “Obama advisers” and “Obama officials,” who were pressing the FBI about whether a corrupt, prosecutable deal had been struck regarding the sanctions:

Obama advisers heard separately from the F.B.I. about Mr. Flynn’s conversation with Mr. Kislyak, whose calls were routinely monitored by American intelligence agencies that track Russian diplomats. The Obama advisers grew suspicious that perhaps there had been a secret deal between the incoming team and Moscow, which could violate the rarely enforced, two-century-old Logan Act barring private citizens from negotiating with foreign powers in disputes with the United States. The Obama officials asked the F.B.I. if a quid pro quo had been discussed on the call, and the answer came back no, according to one of the officials, who like others asked not to be named discussing delicate communications. The topic of sanctions came up, they were told, but there was no deal.

The Times further reports that Flynn was “grilled” by FBI agents regarding his conversation with Kislyak. Why? There was nothing criminal about the conversation — the claim, reported by the Times, that “Obama advisers” suspected a violation of the never-prosecuted Logan Act is sheer nonsense. Having a conversation with Russia’s ambassador was precisely the sort of thing an incoming national-security adviser would do during a transition between administrations — indeed, Flynn had conversations with various foreign officials in his role. And the FBI had a recording of the conversation, so there was no need to “grill” Flynn about it — unless, some have suggested, it was hoped that Flynn would lie and thus be prosecutable for making false statements to federal investigators.

So exactly why was the FBI investigating Flynn? With which “Obama advisers” and “Obama officials” were FBI agents sharing classified information and consulting on the matter of Flynn’s activities — and whether those activities constituted a crime? Flynn had been a fierce critic of the Obama administration. Was an effort being made to develop a criminal case against him?

Nunes has been trying to get answers from the FBI about how Flynn was handled, including by sending the Bureau a March 15 letter. According to Nunes, the NSA has been forthcoming in response to his inquiries about “unmasking” and the like, but “so far the FBI has not told us whether or not they’re going to respond to our March 15 letter.”

It should come as no surprise that the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee has good sources in the intelligence community; and under the circumstances, he can hardly be blamed for tapping them. When conducting investigations that disclosures of information could compromise, the FBI is known to be stingy — as it should be. And when being asked by Congress to justify their own conduct, especially in a matter of great public interest, most government agencies drag their feet. The FBI may have satisfactory explanations for everything that has been done, but it is apparently not in a hurry to provide them. Meanwhile, there are legitimate questions about Obama White House involvement in foreign-intelligence collection efforts that appear to have lavished extraordinary attention on people associated with the Trump campaign and transition. Nunes is right to press those questions.

Again, he has made missteps. But his actions should be kept in perspective. The chairman has openly and repeatedly stated that he knows of no evidence supporting Trump’s claim that Obama had his wires tapped at Trump Tower. Moreover, he has acknowledged that the interception of communications by Trump associates was “incidental” to lawful foreign-intelligence collection activities. Nunes is surely sympathetic to Trump, but he is not parroting the president’s script. He has questioned only the handling of the lawfully obtained intelligence, and his rationale for doing so is surely no less plausible than partisan Democratic claims that “Russia hacked the election.”

As one would expect, Nunes’s lapses have raised the decibel level of calls for a special congressional committee to take over the investigation. We may end up there, but I still believe the House and Senate Intelligence Committees should first have an opportunity to show they can do the job; I harbor no illusions that a special committee would be any less partisan than the existing committees.

All that said, the answers to two questions ought to be of a lot more interest to us than who is doing the asking. Those questions are: Which “Obama advisers” were being consulted by intelligence agents regarding Michael Flynn? And were incidentally intercepted conversations of other Trump officials or associates also shared with “Obama advisers”?

— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
206703,"I tip my cap, unreservedly, to Ted Cruz. With everything on the line — and so many GOP colleagues cowed and intimidated — he took on Donald Trump and won. Late last year I wrote that the GOP needed an actual leader, someone who would step up and take on Trump directly:

Now is the time. A presidential campaign is an early test of leadership, a proving ground for dealing with the challenges of the world’s most difficult job. I don’t want the last man standing. I want the guy who took down the king. If Trump can absorb the best shots from the Republican party’s best young talent, then he deserves the nomination. If one of the two talented freshman senators can dethrone The Donald, then at least we have some assurance that they can first stand strong against the coming Clinton onslaught and then have the strength of will to lead a nation desperate not just for wisdom but for the right kind of tough-minded leadership.

Cruz challenged the king of polls — the man who’d intimidated so many others — and he won. And he did so when the conventional wisdom said that he’d lose — that the larger the turnout, the greater the chance that Trump would win. Instead, with record Iowa turnout, Cruz won.

This is a deeply encouraging moment for the conservative movement. To his immense and undying credit, Cruz refused to pander on ethanol, he defied Iowa’s popular governor, and he stuck to his conservative principles — and he won.

Yes, Marco Rubio exceeded all expectations, but tonight was Ted Cruz’s night. There is much hard fighting ahead, but had Trump won, we would even now be shuddering not just for the future of the conservative movement but for the future of a nation bounded and governed by constitutional principles. Cruz stood up when others fled. Iowa rewarded him for his courage, and tonight Cruz is ascendant, Trump is in retreat, and the conservative movement breathes the air of new life and new hope.

New Hampshire represents a different challenge, and the race is far from over, but Cruz deserves the accolades — and momentum — he’ll get from Iowa. Well done, Ted. You did your part for your country on this crucial night.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720430,"On December 2, the National Iranian American Council published on its blog a bizarre entry condemning “neocon” racism toward Obama — providing not a shred of evidence for this slander — and linking “neocons” with al-Qaeda, which is just outright silly and belies a lack of professionalism on the organization’s part. I responded by pointing out the Islamic Republic, whose positions NIAC and its founder Trita Parsi often defend, had issued statements of vile racism toward Obama before al-Qaeda did so.

To date, the National Iranian American Council–which complains bitterly when described as a de facto lobby for the Islamic Republic–has refused to live up to its own standards and issue a denunciation of Iran for its officially-sanctioned racism. What better way would there be to build understanding than to counter such slanders?

Disappointing, but no surprise.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704098,"Over at FIRE’s blog, there’s a good dissection of an incident of censorship at Penn State University. School officials apparently cancelled the opening of a student art exhibit because it was “based mainly on the conflict in Palestinian territories, raises questions concerning the destruction of Jewish religious shrines, anti-Semitic propaganda and cartoons in Palestinian newspapers, the disregard for rules of engagement and treatment of prisoners, and the indoctrination of youth into terrorist acts.”

Rather than admitting to censorship, of course, those responsible for it attempted to explain away their repression with a euphemism: “Charles Garoian, professor and director of the School of Visual Arts, said [the exhibit's] controversial images did not mesh with the university",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241360,"It should be some kind of requirement, according to constitutional scholar Adam Freedman, that every presidential election have a candidate who represents the Constitution.

The “constitutional candidate” wouldn’t have a prayer of winning, of course — the best way to win the presidency, we’ve learned, is to promise to do all sorts of extra-constitutional things, to toss the text and all of its tiresome restrictions and counterweights aside in an orgy of promises and giveaways — but it would be useful, and instructive, to have someone up there on the dais to act as a kind of constitutional ombudsman. Someone tiresome and irritable, probably, who doesn’t mind beginning every sentence with “The Constitution doesn’t give you the authority to do that” or “Where does it say in the Constitution that government gets to tell me to lay off the carbs?” That sort of thing.

Although if you really think about it, we have had exactly that sort of candidate in the past two presidential elections.

The bad news is that the candidate has been Ron Paul.

It was always fun to see Paul’s dyspeptic, curdled expression during the 16,000 Republican debates this autumn. (There were 16,000 of them, weren’t there?) It was bracing to see him shrug off appeals to weasel-word his responses — just shutter the Fed! dump NATO! — and it was especially interesting to watch the other candidates, who, philosophically, aren’t supposed to be all that different from Paul, ballet-step around him, like he was one of those loud talkers at the neighborhood bar who make a lot of sense, mostly, but then every now and then say something — Lincoln was a tyrant! — that makes everyone think, “Oh, I get it. You’re just . . . insane.”

Ron Paul isn’t insane, of course. His views on sound money and central banking, and even his narrow interpretation of the national-defense interests, are principled — and not novel — conservative positions. You and I may not agree with them — I do, mostly, up to the part about allowing Iran to bomb Israel — but on the crackpot scale of 1 to Lyndon LaRouche, they’re barely a 3. And if we’re all really honest about it, the sainted Abraham Lincoln did, in fact, violate the Constitution on several occasions. And over a few beers, say, among friends, these are interesting and diverting topics of conversation.

But like all of those kinds of conversations, they always end up the same way. The conversation winds along interesting abstractions and what-ifs, and then someone — usually the old guy at the end of the bar — says something truly out-there — “There’s no constitutional reason, for instance, why the children of illegal immigrants cannot be eaten” — and then the conversation devolves into weird irrational tributaries, and everyone moves on to something else, but you always have the feeling that one guy — usually the old guy at the end of the bar — really meant it.

In other words, there’s Ron Paul, and there’s the Ron Paul newsletters, and you cannot have one without the other. One, in fact, leads inexorably to the other. First you start talking about sane, grounded stuff — sound money; harmful central banking — and then, eventually, you start suggesting how it might have been the Israeli Mossad that bombed the World Trade Center in 1993, or how the AIDS virus is quite possibly a product of secret government research gone awry.

The Ron Paul newsletters — published in the 1980s and 1990s under various hilariously pompous titles, such as “Ron Paul’s Freedom Report” and “The Ron Paul Survival Report” — are filled with a nutty blend of libertarian boilerplate and conspiracy fruitcakery. Take the first part away, and what you have left is basically interchangeable in tone and idiocy with any left-wing rag you can get your hands on. Oh, sure, you’ll have to substitute some words — “corporate fat cats” for “urban blacks” — but you’ll find that the writers of both the “Ron Paul” oeuvre and your standard lefty scandal rag have saved the phrase “Jewish bankers” on a macro.

The problem with the crank at the end of the bar isn’t that he’s one of those flinty libertarians who demand that we all live in a Randian paradise of winner-take-all — that’s what makes libertarians often tiresome and irritating, but it’s an interesting and thoughtful philosophy — it’s that the only reason guys like that can see for why we don’t live in a splendid constitutional utopia is that someone — the government, the guy in the black helicopter, the Jews, the urban blacks — is holding us down.

Ron Paul the candidate occupies an interesting and useful place in the race. He’s a principled weirdo, the unlikable old coot down the street, the guy you have to respect for his stubborn adherence to the rulebook of the great American experiment. And that’s what most voters see in him, too. “Really admire the point of view,” they say. “Too bad he’s too weird to be president.”

Whatever the reason for the weird ramblings in the Ron Paul family of publications — and to me, anyway, the most likely one is: the guy wanted to move some product, and his customers ate that crap up — it does suggest a sad conclusion: that the job of the constitutional candidate — the ombudsman for the founding document, the champion of the framers — is unlikely to appeal to anyone except the humorless crank at the end of the bar. And that’s not Ron Paul’s fault. That’s ours.

— Rob Long is a contributing editor of National Review and a contributor to Ricochet. This article appeared in the Jan. 23, 2012, issue of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
244424,"Jonathan Chait today goes another round on health-care costs and budget policy, answering (without linking to) my reply to him of last week. It’s hard to avoid a somewhat self-referential post in response, so let me beg your pardon in advance.

He begins with some awfully flattering notions about my supposed influence on the Republican policy agenda, which I suppose is necessary for the rest of his case to hold together. I wish it were true, of course, but as I spend most of my time arguing for ideas on health care, taxes, mobility and poverty, monetary policy, immigration, and other minor matters that are by no stretch the Republican agenda of the moment I have a harder time spotting all that influence. Maybe it will just take some time to show itself. I’ll try to be patient, and I appreciate his confidence.

Chait doesn’t really answer my attempt to correct his description of the trends in health-care cost growth and their causes over the last decade, and therefore his notion that conservative worries about health spending had somehow been proven wrong. Instead, his argument this time is that my correction of him somehow contradicted things I’ve written in the past. I don’t think it did.

For instance, he notes that I have argued that Obamacare will increase cost inflation (which I have, and still do; the administration seems to expect that too, at least in the projection window of their latest estimates of national health expenditures) and suggests that the fact that cost inflation was the same in 2011 as in 2010 and 2009 (after having fallen in each of the previous six years) means a resurgence of cost inflation just won’t happen. He seems awfully sure, but we’ll have to see.

Chait also notes that I’ve argued that repealing and replacing Obamacare is essential to any meaningful effort to bring down health costs and then, mostly through creative use of ellipses, tries also to blur the difference between Medicare and Obamacare as drivers of cost growth in some past articles of mine. I would gladly repeat any of the items he’s quoting, and again I don’t see what evidence he has in mind to suggest they’re at odds with anything I’ve said since. He then somehow repeats the claim that Obamacare has been responsible for some portion of the health-care cost slowdown, though as far as we know at this point that slowdown ended (or has been on pause since) the year before Obamacare was enacted.

He continues to conflate overall cost growth in health care with the growth of federal health spending, and so suggests that my past (and present) worries ignore the fact that health inflation had been slowing. But I don’t see where I’ve ignored that. As I’ve noted, including in my response to Chait, cost inflation slowed from 2003 to 2009 (which doesn’t mean that costs were coming down, they were just growing more slowly, they’ll almost certainly always grow), while federal spending grew significantly. Cost inflation is no longer coming down, or at least it wasn’t as of 2011, and everyone agrees that federal health costs are rising and are set to explode in the coming years even if you just consider demographic factors and assume no other cost inflation — which of course is highly implausible. So there is not a contradiction between wanting to address the perverse incentives in our system that tend to drive costs up and seeing that the rate by which they have gone up is lower than it was a decade ago. That’s especially so if you believe (as I do) that some of the drivers of the cost deceleration are threatened by Obamacare.

In his first post, Chait said that I opposed all incremental steps or half measures on health care. I explained in response that the comments he took that way really expressed opposition to additional Medicare price controls in particular. Chait responds by just re-quoting my opposition to those price controls and my endorsement of a broader reform of our health system in the direction of defined-contribution federal subsidies. If there were ever a large “grand bargain,” I argued, Republicans would have to demand some fundamental health reforms. But that hardly contradicts the notion that, if there is not a grand bargain, Republicans can and should press for some smaller incremental reforms — I’ve argued that and sought to lay out what they might be in some detail, for instance here.

Fundamental Medicare reform is one place where an idea I’ve championed has gained adherents in the last two years—though obviously in no way because I championed it. Paul Ryan’s proposal for a premium-support reform of the program has indeed become something like Republican orthodoxy since about 2011. I think that’s great, because Medicare reform is clearly essential to avoiding a fiscal disaster, and this reform — basically having Medicare Parts A and B work like Parts C and D — shows great promise as a means to contain costs as our society ages while preserving the guaranteed, comprehensive Medicare benefit. Am I absolutely certain it will work, as Chait suggests? Of course not. And I’ve written that plainly, here for instance. Part of what appeals to me about the proposal is that if it didn’t work the cost of the failure would fall on federal budgets, not on seniors. Since Ryan’s version of it is designed to go into effect in a decade, I think it’s important to enact it soon, so that it might actually take effect before the worst of the demographic bulge is upon us.

Chait’s post suggests that this sense of urgency, not just about Medicare but in general, might be what most bothers him. In responding to his original argument last week, I wrote:

This is one irony of our entitlement debate: the two sides disagree less than you might think, they’re just talking about different things. The left, in essence, says we don’t need to do anything right now so we need not worry, while the right says we’re eventually going to have to do something so we might as well figure out what. The difference between them is about whether it makes sense to prepare for the future.

Today’s post suggests this difference indeed runs deep. Aside from the cost-inflation question, where again I think Chait still doesn’t see that the data he is citing do not show what he is arguing, Chait’s post focuses on the question of what he calls “expansionary austerity” — which he defines as “the notion that the high budget deficit is not merely a long-term problem but a short-term one as well, and that immediate cuts to the budget are appropriate and may even stimulate rather than hamper growth.”

I do think high deficits are a problem and should be trimmed, not only in some imaginary tomorrow but also today, and I think the 25 percent growth in domestic discretionary spending in the first two years after the recession was excessive and misplaced, so that the modest reductions in the further growth of that spending achieved over the past two years were worthwhile, and more significant reductions would have made sense too.

I certainly think, and have argued, that such reductions are a second-best option and that meaningful entitlement reform would be far more constructive. But reforms of our health entitlements are not in the cards at this point, and as far as I can see that is largely a function of a profound radicalization of the Democrats on entitlements. When I first worked on these issues in the late 1990s, the Clinton White House was proposing a per capita cap on Medicaid spending and “managed competition” for Medicare (which was the Larry Summers response to the Breaux-Thomas proposal, and was essentially premium support with competitive bidding). Either idea would be considered rabid Neanderthalism by today’s Democrats. As the fiscal problems of these programs have gotten much worse, the Democrats have moved away from any willingness to fix them. It’s going to be difficult to make any progress while that’s the case. So for now, we are stuck with discretionary cuts in the near-term.

But I wouldn’t suggest, and haven’t, that such reductions would themselves drive growth — I’m very much with my colleague Jim Capretta in warning Republicans away from such arguments. And (unlike most conservatives and Republicans, alas) I also think monetary easing should go in tandem with fiscal restraint in circumstances like the ones we face now — ideally governed by a Fed rule setting a level nominal-GDP target. So I have not argued that the problem with deficits and debt is that they’re holding back growth right now. Chait wants to link me to the Reinhart-Rogoff paper, but I’m afraid I just don’t see his basis for doing so. You don’t have to believe that debt is reducing growth a lot right now, and that cutting it would increase growth a lot right now, to think it’s worth doing. The case against progressive Keynesianism doesn’t rest on a single regression.

I think we face short-term problems of overspending and medium and long-term problems of massive entitlement under-funding, and so we need to find ways to spend less in the near term and to reform our entitlements in the medium and long-term so that they can continue serving their longstanding purposes without forcing an enormous expansion of the government’s size and role and a dramatic transformation of the relationship between our society and our government. But above all we face a problem of inadequate growth — a problem that, as I’ve tried to argue, did not begin with the recession or with Barack Obama and that requires some serious rethinking of our approach to economic and social policy that neither party has been willing to undertake. The kinds of reforms I would urge are aimed at making such growth possible. It doesn’t strike me as accurate to describe that view as demanding austerity. In a 2011 essay that Chait noted in his first post, I argued that:

The fact is that we do not face a choice between the liberal welfare state on one hand and austerity on the other. Those are two sides of the same coin: Austerity and decline are what will come if we do not reform the welfare state. The choice we face is between that combination and a different approach to balancing our society’s deepest aspirations. America still has a little time to find such an alternative. Our moment of reckoning is coming, but it is not yet here. We have perhaps a decade in which to avert it and to foster again the preconditions for growth and opportunity without forcing a great disruption in the lives of millions, if we start now.

I think that was right, and is right. It seems to me that what divides Chait and me may be the question of whether the fact that we have a little time means we should do nothing now — and whether the fact that the economy is sluggish means we can do nothing now. It is an old cliché that when it comes to economics, conservatives think the short-term is a function of the long-term and liberals think the long-term is a function of the short-term. They’re both right. But I don’t think either view would support an argument for inaction in the face of the fiscal prospects we now confront.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
659497,"The death-penalty debate goes on. After a piece that I wrote about the debate last week, National Review’s Charles C. W. Cooke wrote a response, followed later by a much stronger attack by the Washington Post’s Radley Balko.

Cooke’s response was philosophical and drew a distinction between killing someone in self-defense and using the death penalty, though given the evidence that the death penalty deters murders and thus saves lives, that distinction isn’t as clear as he thinks.

Balko, a blogger/reporter for the Washington Post, based his reply on empirical evidence. He puts a lot of faith in studies by death-penalty opponents. Let me address his major points in turn:

“It’s important to factor in the severity of the crime. And when a black defendant and a white defendant are convicted of murders with similar aggravating circumstances, the black defendant is significantly more likely to get the death penalty.”

Over the period from 1977 to 2011, the rate of aggravating circumstances for murders was higher for black defendants for murder than it was for whites. Yet, despite that and with whites accounting for fewer murders than blacks (whites commit about 46.8 percent of all murders committed by whites and blacks), whites account for 57 percent of the white and black prisoners sentenced to death for murder.

Finally, even after being sentenced to death at a higher rate than blacks, whites on death row over the decades have had a significantly higher probability of actually being executed than blacks. Over the years from 1977 to 2011, 65 percent of the total number of whites and blacks who have been executed have been white.

This last point is particularly important, since everyone on death row has been convicted of murder with aggravating circumstances. If there is any bias, it is in the opposite direction that Balko claims.

“DNA testing has shown that the criminal justice system is flawed — more flawed than most of the public had probably thought. Lott tries to dismiss these concerns, and it’s here that his statistics really get screwy. . . . I don’t know where Lott gets the number 34. I can’t find it anywhere at the Innocence Project link he provides. The actual number of people convicted of murder who were later exonerated by DNA testing is 104.”

If someone has trouble finding a number, the easiest thing to do is to contact the person who provided the number. Balko had time to reach out to the Innocence Project to discuss my numbers, and he and I have e-mailed each other in the past. However, when writing this recent attack on me, he didn’t contact me before declaring that he couldn’t figure out where the number 34 came from.

Thirty-four is the number of people charged with the death penalty for murder who were later cleared because of DNA evidence. As to the source of the figure, it is right at the top of the page that I linked to, though it does require addition: “18 of the 316 people exonerated through DNA served time on death row. Another 16 were charged with capital crimes but not sentenced to death.” 34 = 18 + 16.

If you wanted to look at all murders, not just those where the death penalty was sought, the number of convictions reversed since 1989 is 53, not 104. Since then there have also been about 260,000 convictions for murder. Of course, it isn’t fair to compare the 53 reversals with all murder convictions, because DNA evidence wasn’t available to exonerate people in all cases.

Using the claim that DNA evidence is available for about 4.5 percent of murder cases, 53 exonerations out of 12,000 cases gives an error rate of 0.44 percent.

“Lott also mistakenly assumes that we’ve already reviewed all of those 12,000 murder cases for which DNA evidence was relevant. We haven’t. We continue to find new exonerations from years past.”

It is true that the DNA evidence in all 12,000 cases has not been examined, but that is misleading. First, very few of those convicted of murder even ask for their DNA evidence to be re-examined. Presumably they don’t ask because they know what the evidence will show.

Even more telling, only 5 of those 53 exonerations have been for convictions since 2000. The already small error rate has dropped dramatically.

But Balko is simply wrong when he writes: “Even Lott’s own 0.3 percent would represent 10 people. Maybe he’s comfortable with 10 innocent people getting executed.” All these numbers provided by Balko and myself are for convictions, not executions. There is no DNA evidence proving that the wrong person has ever been executed.

“A recent study by a group of researchers led by Samuel Gross, a law professor at the University of Michigan Law School, conservatively estimated the figure at 4 percent for death-penalty cases. They estimate that it’s higher for non-capital murder cases.”

But just because a conviction is overturned doesn’t mean that the conviction was a mistake on the merits. Convictions are overturned regularly for many reasons, including technical ones. Many times guilty people go free because evidence that was used at trial is later determined during an appeal to have been improperly obtained. The paper co-authored by Gross defined “exoneration” as occurring when someone was removed from death row by a “ legal action by courts or executive officials .”

“I think the far more troubling measure of the death penalty and race is the influence of the race of the victim. In most states, defendants convicted of killing white people are quite a bit more likely to be sentenced to death than defendants convicted of killing black people.”

This claim is extremely misleading. These estimates account for nothing other than race. But if you have two drug gangs that get into a fight and one of the members of a gang dies, you aren’t going to get the same push for the death penalty as you would when a small businessman is killed in a robbery. The race results disappear as soon as you account for even simple variables such as income or occupation.

But, as much as Balko might like it, the debate isn’t only about innocent people being executed or about racism. Innocent people’s lives are saved thanks to the death penalty. Most peer-reviewed studies by economists, as I show in my book Freedomnomics, find that each execution saves roughly 15 to 18 potential murder victims.

— John R. Lott Jr. is the president of the Crime Prevention Research Center and the author of More Guns, Less Crime.

editor’s note: This article has been amended since its initial publication.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
325745,"George Jahn, a respected reporter who covers the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna for The Associated Press, published an important story yesterday on details of a secret side agreement to the Iran nuclear deal in which Iran will collect samples of possible nuclear-weapons-related activity for the IAEA. He wrote his story after an unnamed diplomat allowed him to read a draft of one of the side deals. The side-deal documents reportedly have only been briefed to U.S. officials and will not be shared with the U.S. Congress.

I wrote on this website on July 22 that Senator Tom Cotton (R., Ark.) and Representative Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) learned about the existence of two secret side deals to the Iran agreement when they met with IAEA officials in Vienna on July 17. The congressmen were told these agreements concerned resolving the possible military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program and the issue of access to the Parchin military base, where explosive testing related to nuclear-warhead development reportedly has taken place.

This story attracted more attention on July 23, when Senator James Risch (R., Idaho) revealed during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing that one of the side deals allows Iran to collect samples for the IAEA. Risch learned about this from Obama-administration officials during a classified briefing the previous day and indicated he was told that the IAEA would, by video, remotely monitor the Iranians taking samples. Risch’s remarks created quite a stir at the hearing and led Senator Robert Menendez (D., N.J.) to say that if this were true, it would amount to “the equivalent of the fox guarding the chicken coop.” Senator Bob Corker (R., Tenn.), the committee’s chairman, likened this arrangement to NFL players’ mailing in their own urine samples for drug testing.

Senator Bob Corker likened this arrangement to NFL players’ mailing in their own urine samples for drug testing.

Jahn’s story is important because it provides previously unknown details of how Iran will collect samples for the IAEA. These details include the following:

Iran will provide photos and videos of sites linked to alleged nuclear-weapons work while, in the words of the document, “taking into account military concerns.” Jahn writes that this suggests that Iran will not give the IAEA photos or video information from areas Tehran says are off-limits because they have military significance. I agree, but there is another serious problem with this arrangement: Iran will be selecting the locations to photograph or film, and the IAEA will later use these images to request that Iran collect samples from them – in other words, Iran will be setting up the range of choices for the IAEA and will of course not give the IAEA the option of looking in places where actual nuclear-weapons work is going on.

At Parchin, Iranian inspectors will inspect seven sites within a building where alleged nuclear-related experiments took place. No collection will be done outside this building, although Iran will collect samples for the IAEA at locations other than Parchin. This U.S. concession is hard to believe, given years of reports of Iranian efforts to sanitize buildings and earth at the Parchin facility to remove evidence of WMD activities. Eli Lake and Josh Rogin wrote in an August 5 Bloomberg article that the U.S. intelligence community reported to Congress evidence that Iran began sanitizing the Parchin site “in broad daylight” just after the nuclear agreement was announced.

Iran will use its own equipment to collect samples for the IAEA. According to the side-deal document, this equipment will be consistent with technical specifications provided by the IAEA, and that the IAEA “will ensure the technical authenticity of Iran’s inspections.” Jahn added that the document did not explain how the IAEA would make these certifications.

The Jahn article provides the details of what can only be described as a preposterous and unserious plan to investigate past and ongoing Iranian nuclear-weapons-related activities. A fair and objective arms-control investigation tries to uncover evidence that a host country is trying to hide by collecting samples from unexpected locations using equipment of the investigators’ choosing. The current process appears carefully scripted so that Iran controls what is collected to ensure that no evidence is found indicating covert nuclear or other WMD activities.

More Iran Nuclear Deal On the Left, the Missing Debate over the Iran Deal Trump Decertifies The Conservative Politics of the Iran Deal threatening him with physical harm if he revealed information about the side deals during his meetings this month in Washington with members of the U.S. Congress.

Iranian leaders know from prior IAEA and American inspections in North Korea in the late 2000s, U.S. investigations of the Libyan nuclear program, and IAEA inspections of Iran’s Natanz enrichment facility that it is extremely difficult to hide evidence of covert WMD activities from the IAEA and the U.S., owing to the advanced techniques they use to analyze physical samples. The Jahn article describes a rigged process to shield Iran from these techniques.

The nuclear deal with Iran seems to get worse by the day. Will the secret side deals, Iran’s collecting of its own nuclear samples, a rigged collection process, and Iranian threats to silence the head of the IAEA be enough to convince Congress to reject the terrible nuclear agreement with Iran?

– Fred Fleitz is senior vice president for policy and programs for the Center for Security Policy. He followed the Iranian nuclear issue for the CIA, the State Department, and the House Intelligence Committee during his 25-year government career. Follow him on Twitter @fredfleitz.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
700393,"Favorite Dem Spin

By Steven F. Hayward — October 8, 2003

It was clear early in the evening, before the polls closed but after all the networks were hinting that their exit polls showed a smashing victory for recall/Arnold, that the Democrats had worked up their talking points: This was really a message to President Bush that he’s in trouble. Terry McAuliffe was already road testing this before the polls closed.

My favorite moment of the evening was when Dem uber-apparatchik Bob Mulholland tried out the party line on Brit Hume. With his deadpan delivery, Hume asked: “Let me get this straight: 60 percent of California voters voted for a Republican candidate [Arnold + McClintock], and this is something that should worry President Bush?”

Mulholland: “Yes.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
287297,"Today in Paris, a city recently beset by one of the horrors of our time, world leaders will gather to address the issue of global warming, or climate change, or climate disruption, or whatever it is we’re supposed to call it now that the phrase “global warming” has been declared verboten by the marketing departments of the world’s green-subsidy consumers. Jihad Inc. is sawing the heads off of innocents in the here and now, but the world’s attention is commanded by the possibility that average temperatures might rise a few degrees a century hence at a cost of a few points of global economic output sometime in the 22nd century.

Global warming isn’t a non-issue — the ambitious multilateral plan to impose extraordinary standard-of-living reductions on a few billion mainly poor people in mainly poor countries in order to satisfy the secularized sacramental impulses of rich Western progressives is a non-issue, because it simply is not going to happen, as India and China have made clear.

The suave diplomacy of the Obama administration is here on sorry display. It has long been obvious that the powers in New Delhi will not impose serious costs on their economy for the sake of climate change; indeed, the government of Narendra Modi recently announced with some fanfare that India, GDP $$7.5 trillion, would invest the princely sum of $$2.5 million to help smaller Commonwealth countries meet emissions-reduction targets. There are a fair number of young entrepreneurs in India with personal automobiles worth more than $$2.5 million. But India is known to emit a fair amount of sanctimony alongside the CO2 from its endless array of coal-fired power plants, and its political class is going into Paris in a snit after Secretary of State John Kerry singled out the world’s largest democratic republic (rather than, say, China) as a climate offender. It isn’t that Kerry is exactly wrong about that — India intends to double its coal consumption over the next five years, to 1.5 billion tons per annum — but his gracelessness plays into rhetoric about “carbon imperialism” that has been prominent in the developing world for some time now.

Those denouncing “carbon imperialism” note that the West got rich while energy was cheap and there was no formal price on carbon emissions, and they argue that the burdens of meeting the emissions cuts imagined by such as are gathering today in Paris must fall on the West. Prime Minister Modi, who is seeking to bolster a domestic solar-power industry, is seeking substantial subsidies and other benefits (such as accelerated low-cost technology transfers) for so-called green-energy firms and projects in India and elsewhere. Modi, as committed a nationalist as any boss in Beijing, has made it clear that he will follow his predecessors in making a great deal of sanctimonious noise about the issue while absolutely refusing anything that imposes any real costs. The Chinese are working with a similar strategy: They have offered any number of vague promises and conciliatory talk about shared responsibility, but the calculations of economic advantage and disadvantage are what they are, and Beijing will not willingly deal itself a losing hand.

RELATED: On Climate, Science and Politics Are Diverging

Relying on cuts in the West alone, it is probably a physical impossibility to achieve the reductions that the more alarmist global-warming activists envision. It is certainly — unquestionably — an economic and political impossibility. In reality, it probably is a political and economic impossibility to make cuts at that level with China and India on board, too, inasmuch as any Chinese or Indian government that actually attempted to impose the necessary reductions in living standards on the people of their countries — who are, let us remember, already poor – would jeopardize its existence.

The agenda in Paris, then, is to talk about agreeing to reforms today that almost certainly will be violated the day after tomorrow to prevent — possibly — a serious but manageable problem a century or so from now. This is a fool’s errand, and the gentlemen in Beijing and New Delhi know it, which is why they will commit almost nothing to the project in real and immediate terms. Global warming is one part moral crusade and one part hustle, with various green-energy entrepreneurs and salary-seeking politicos looking to cut themselves in on the trillions of dollars (in subsidies, research grants, agency budgets, tradeable credits, etc.) that global-warming mitigation schemes put on the table.

Real-world adaptation strategies? There’s not much juice in that.

Our one hope is that while the world’s worthies are gathered in Paris to talk about all the wonderful things that they are not going to do to prevent the possibility of a far-off problem, they might meet for a sideline talk or two, perhaps even a working breakfast, about the possibility of developing a strategy to deploy against the global problem that turned the streets of their host into an abattoir in the here and now.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207512,"An Obamacare Test for Republicans

By The Editors — September 8, 2014

Congressional Republicans keep saying they oppose Obamacare. Yet they’re refusing to take the simplest and easiest action against it.

The way the law is designed, insurance companies get taxpayer subsidies if they incur big losses on the exchanges. That guarantee has encouraged them to participate in the exchanges. It has also enabled them to charge lower premiums, since they do not have to cover their risks.

Republicans could force supporters of Obamacare to defend these taxpayer subsidies by advancing legislation to stop them, as Senator Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Representative Tim Griffin (R., Ark.) have proposed. But their colleagues are balking.

In part, that’s because of disagreement about how to proceed. The “risk corridors” that protect insurers from big losses have two potential funding sources: tax payments from other insurers, and general tax revenue. The question is whether to abolish the risk corridors altogether or end the ability to tap general revenues. Our preference is to do the latter. It’s fine for participating insurers to pool their risks, but taxpayers should not have any exposure for their aggregate losses.

Other reasons for inaction are less credible. Some Republicans say that the insurance companies should not be penalized for the defects of the law. Why not? They have freely chosen to participate in the exchanges, and they should bear the risks of that decision — which include the risk that Congress might decide not to shovel tax dollars at them. The alternative, after all, is to punish taxpayers.

The balkers also raise the worry that Democrats would accuse them of trying to cause premiums to increase. But to say that ending taxpayer exposure to insurers’ losses would increase premiums is to say that Obamacare works by putting taxpayers on the hook. Making taxpayers guarantee insurance companies’ bottom lines is not the way the health-care system should work—and it seems hard to believe Democrats will really want to defend that model.

Anyway, Democrats have made this sort of charge before. Republicans have repeatedly tried to weaken the individual mandate, which would also have the effect of raising premiums. Yet that attack has not hurt Republicans, because the mandate itself is so unpopular. The same is probably true of taxpayer subsidies for insurers.

The debate over the Export-Import Bank is one test of Republican sincerity about ending corporate welfare. These taxpayer subsidies are another: If Republicans can’t take on corporate welfare when doing so advances one of their party’s most popular and basic commitments, when will they? And if Republicans aren’t willing to break with the insurers over this issue, then in what sense do they oppose Obamacare?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716879,"Donald Trump: Entertainer in Chief

He seems to approach the presidency as the grandest stage yet for the performance of his lifetime.

By Yuval Levin — November 27, 2017

Editor’s Note: This article originally appeared in the November 27, 2017, issue of National Review.

A year after his election to the presidency, Donald Trump remains in many ways an enigma. Everyone observing our politics, or serving in it, still has the sense that anything could happen at the White House at any time. But neither the most hopeful nor the most fearful prognostications about the effects of Trump’s presidency on our political system have been confirmed.

Those who dreamed that Trump would be a populist Machiavellian, ingeniously reviving our system of government by breaking through our hackneyed partisan categories, have certainly been disappointed so far. It would be hard now to claim that the surface appearance of reckless incompetence at the White House is just a mask for deep strategic genius. Yet, in part for that very reason, those who feared that Trump would usher in an autocracy — assaulting our constitutional system and trampling our freedoms — have also been proven wrong so far. Trump not only couldn’t pull off any such assault, he shows no serious sign of wanting to.

In fact, the excessive hope and the excessive fear of Trump might have an error in common, one that has to do precisely with a way of thinking about what he wants. Both begin from the assumption that Trump ran for president in order to use the presidency to achieve a set of relatively conventional political or policy objectives, and each approach formed its expectations around some sense of what those might have been. Ten months into his presidency, it does not look as if this was the nature of Trump’s ambition.

Instead, his ambition seems to have been something like a desire to put himself at the center of our national consciousness and attention. This looks to be what Trump wants most, and what some of his most peculiar choices and actions are directed toward achieving. Everything else — from policy priorities to political alliances — is always subject to change in pursuit of that goal. This could also be a key to understanding the effects Trump might ultimately have on our constitutional system.

To say that Trump thinks of his role in terms of elevating himself in our consciousness (or maybe just being on our minds) is of course in part to suggest he has an oversized ego. No one could deny that he does. But although his self-regard might be gargantuan, this is actually the element of Trump’s ambition that most resembles the ambitions of many other politicians. Trump may well be no more arrogant than Barack Obama or many other past presidents. And surely everyone who runs for president runs at least in part to be something — indeed, to be the most famous man or woman in the world.

But they also, of course, run to do something. Trump wants to do something too, but how he understands and pursues that desire might be what makes his particular ambition most distinctive.

A politician seeking high office naturally thinks about how to be something by doing something — how to use his office to advance his aims and therefore also to be popular. The framers of our Constitution understood that ambition would work this way, and for that matter that the desire for fame and renown would speak powerfully to would-be leaders. They designed the system to channel this desire in various ways in the service of American self-government.

The ambitions of our presidents have generally been routed accordingly — driving them to work either through the system as it was conceived or against it in ways highly cognizant of (if frustrated with) its structure. Obama, for instance, routinely exceeded the bounds of presidential power, but he did it by seizing the powers of the legislative branch or by doing more than the system permits of the sorts of things it would have presidents do.

Trump’s exertions in office have mostly been of a different sort altogether. They have generally been neither channeled through the constitutional framework nor directed against it, so that even nearly a year into his term his ambition has barely been shaped at all by the imperatives of constitutionalism.

Every one of our past presidents has been formed by a set of institutions — as either a senior military officer or (much more commonly) a government official serving in other offices — that have shaped his understanding of how to act effectively as the head of the executive branch. Donald Trump is the first American president who has not been shaped by any experience in such institutions. His life experience has involved running a family business in real estate and then becoming a performer essentially playing the part of a successful real-estate developer in American popular culture. He entered politics as another performance in that role and was elevated to the presidency thanks to his great success in that performance. These two sets of experiences appear to have shaped his understanding of the presidency.

This means he entered the office with an extraordinarily thin grasp of its character, its limits, and its relation to the rest of our constitutional system. And he indeed seems to approach the presidency as just the grandest stage yet for the performance of his lifetime.

This approach is certainly not devoid of public-spiritedness. Trump clearly loves his country, and he believes he has a lot to offer it. But he seems not to have a developed sense of what it would mean to offer it something as president. Presidential leadership in America is a peculiarly complicated task shaped by an unusual combination of institutional roles, and Trump appears even now to be largely unaware of its contours — identifying the office with himself and its purpose with his distinct approach to politics. He tends to think of the president not as a constitutional officer in constant, tense engagement with others but as either a general contractor overseeing a vast project or a kind of tribune performatively amplifying public sentiments.

The ideal of the president as project manager was especially prominent in how Trump spoke about his ambitions at the very beginning of his campaign. In August 2015, for instance, asked by George Stephanopoulos how he would carry out his immigration proposals, Trump responded, “These people don’t know what they’re doing, George. They’re politicians. They don’t know management. I get the best people and we will do it properly and we will do it humanely.” Asked three months later to respond to criticism from his primary opponents about his proposal for a registry of Muslims, he responded, “It would be just good management.” Pressed for more details, he said, “It’s all about management, our country has no management.” We have grown so accustomed to this sort of vague, brash talk from Trump over the past two years that we barely stop to ask what it actually conveys.

At his core, Trump still seems to believe that he has unique management abilities to offer the country and that this job is like his last one.

As his campaign proceeded and he linked up with speechwriters and advisers of a more coherent nationalist bent, some of this kind of rhetoric came to be focused through an America-first lens. But at his core, Trump still seems to believe that he has unique management abilities to offer the country and that this job is like his last one. Perhaps ironically, given his now-infamous lack of discipline, his sense of the president’s core administrative function remains exceptionally managerial — and not, in this sense, quite political or constitutional. He instinctively treats members of Congress like incompetent subcontractors.

Trump’s sense of the president’s broader functions, meanwhile, has turned out to be fundamentally theatrical. In just about every setting, he is performing for an audience. Thus his obsession with ratings and audience size, his running commentary on Twitter (often calling for actions that he could instead just undertake as chief executive), and his peculiar tendency even to comment on his own speeches as he delivers them.

And thus, more important, his intense desire to please the room at every moment — which has led him incessantly to shift course and change positions. He seems to want different things at different times in front of different audiences. But he actually always wants the same thing: He wants to be acclaimed a winner. When he isn’t depicted as successful, whether it’s on morning television or in a meeting with congressional leaders, he says and does whatever seems required to change the story in his favor. He can’t resist such provocations because he is always on the stage, needing to please or save face before the crowd.

This has left President Trump open to shameless attempts at manipulation by members of Congress and his own administration who think they can push him in their direction on key policy questions by portraying their preferred approach as a way for him to look stronger. These efforts are sometimes successful, but generally not for long. Positions Trump is manipulated into adopting are as transient as those he takes up on his own, lasting only for the current scene of the drama.

Such efforts to exploit Trump’s peculiar approach to the presidency are in the end mostly expressions of the far-reaching confusion about his ambitions and priorities that still grips Washington. Thinking about Trump in the context of the constitutional system might help us more clearly articulate the sources of that confusion.

Trump’s role in the operation of our system of government may be understood in terms of an absence and a presence: He has left largely unfilled the part traditionally played by the president while playing this other, different part formed around the peculiar contours of his experience and personality. Everyone else charged with key roles in our system has to confront the implications (good and bad) of this unusual situation.

Trump’s capacity to disrupt our exhausted political order and force other politicians into at least modestly more populist directions could well prove a boon. But there are plainly dark sides.

The absence of a strong executive on the model that has dominated American politics for well over a century presents some opportunities, of course. Above all, it could open up some space for Congress to assert itself — if only Congress wanted to. The presence of a brash populist entertainer in the White House could have a bright side, too. Trump’s capacity to disrupt our exhausted political order and force other politicians into at least modestly more populist directions could well prove a boon.

But there are plainly dark sides. The absence of an executive eager to work within our system could easily unbalance our constitutional order and leave it hapless and inept. And the presence of an undisciplined, aggressive performance artist at the heart of our government — a figure whose excesses are not structurally counterbalanced by others in the system because they are not strictly speaking excesses of presidential power — could alter the public’s expectations of government and politics in ways that are decidedly unhelpful to American constitutionalism and would not be easy to reverse. Viewing politics as entertainment could be a hard habit to break.

So far, Trump’s absence and Trump’s presence have mostly resulted in chaos. Washington has experienced the Trump presidency so far as an exhausting, intense, and unproductive circus. The chaos has been paralyzing both for Republicans in Congress (who seem sapped of any of the necessary will to use this period as an opportunity to reassert legislative prerogatives) and for Trump’s executive-branch appointees. Both seem to have been incapacitated by concerns that anything meaningful they do could be undercut by an erratic presidential tweet at any moment.

The appointment of judges might be the one presidential function that does not require perseverance — once nominated, they are confirmed by another branch of government and then perform their work without dependence on the president — and so is the one arena where Republicans can point to real achievements so far. Beyond that, little has been accomplished in ten months, and it is frankly hard to say just what the president actually aims to achieve except for being on everyone’s mind all the time.

This makes Trump neither a brilliant savior of self-government nor a malignant autocrat. But it does make him a threat to American constitutionalism. For many decades now, American progressives have advanced an ideal of the presidency in great tension with the logic of our broader constitutional architecture. Trump now offers a far less coherent model of the presidency that is downright unaware of that broader architecture and so stands as a kind of histrionic alternative to constitutional politics. If we are to hold out any hope for a constitutional restoration, these cannot be the only options before the public.

— Yuval Levin is the editor of National Affairs and a contributing editor of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241832,"@donaldjtrump­potus

By Rob Long — July 6, 2015, Issue

From the Twitter feed of @donaldjtrump­potus

The USA turnaround starts tomorrow as soon as I take the oath of office and attend to a few personal duties such as negotiating a deal for a Tanger Outlet mall. My business is USA’s business as I said many times during the campaign.

I keep forgetting that I have a son named Eric. Need to remember that. Help me out, tweeps!

Have decided it’s more of an ultra premium experience for me to chopper onto the podium for the swearing in etc. Walking and the limo thing is everything that’s wrong with America. Chopper, whoosh, swear in, speech, whoosh, chopper. #makeamericagreatagain

I’d like to thank the literally millions of people who witnessed my amazing inauguration in person and also the billions of viewers who made it the number one show this week in prime time.

Have just turned in the manuscript to my new book “The Trump Turnaround” chronicling my turnaround miracle of the USA country and economy which will take place in the next few years. Pre order on Amazon now!

Here’s the thing: if the Chinese continue to devalue their currency which is the sole reason they’re currently on top from an economic basis then we have no choice but to

Sorry! Last tweet got cut off!

Air Force One needs to be taken to a whole nother level. We are going to make America great again, starting with leather seats and better fixtures. #makeamericagreatagain

Let me tell you something. People say, Mr. Trump are you really going to build a wall between us and Mexico? And I say, I am not a dummy. I am not going to build a wall. I am going to license a wall.

To the haters and the losers and the dummies who thought I wouldn’t make it here, enjoy this pic of me in the Oval Office. Warning: NSFW twitpic/456hs/90oi

Hey @helenmirren, I know you’re married etc. but I think you’d be a sexy and superb first lady. Let me know if there’s interest on your side. I’ll handle @melaniatrump. #make­americagreatagain

First call I got as president? From Bill Clinton. Classy guy. Problems at home, of course, but a classy move on his part to call me up and offer his help. Can’t have been an easy few months for him since November.

You know what the first thing is that you notice when you walk into the White House from the basis of being a resident? Tacky, old, smelly. Need some pizazz. Job one.

Here’s the thing: if the Chinese continue to devalue their currency which is the sole reason they’re currently on top from an economic basis then we have no choice but to

Sorry! Last tweet got cut off!

Getting totally unacceptable pushback from the usual places about my idea to replace current old White House staff with runners-up in the Miss USA pageants, of which I am the sole owner via an LLC.

@vladimirputin my net worth is considerably larger than yours and so therefore I think it imperative upon you to make the first move in terms of communication with me. This tweet doesn’t count.

I have directed my attorneys at the Trump Organization to register copyright and trade dress claims for Trump Isis. Next will sue Isis org wherever they are for intellectual property infringement. THIS IS HOW IT BEGINS!

I thought @kanyewest did a superb job with the invocation at the inaugural and I don’t understand all the fuss about the topless lady. This is America. THIS IS AMERICA!

Because I understand the concept of luxury style apartment townhome living, it’s easy for me to see how the entire second floor of this residence could be upgraded and optimized.

I don’t want to get into a whole constitutional thing but not crazy about the hygienic cleanliness of many senators and congress people. Lots of handshaking and touching which is maybe the reason the country is in such a mess. #purell #ebola #makeamericagreatagain

Negotiating with Isis is a piece of cake. Have traded licensing rights for parts of Iraq and Syria. #winwin #makeamericagreatagain

The USA turnaround hits full speed starting tomorrow just as soon as I get back from my book launch party at an exclusive high net worth event at Trump International Hotel.

Here’s the thing: if the Chinese continue to devalue their currency which is the sole reason they’re currently on top from an economic basis then we have no choice but to

Sorry! Last tweet got cut off! #makeamericagreatagain",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
598484,"Jack Dunphy August 19, 2013, Issue by

Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America’s Police Forces, by Radley Balko (PublicAffairs, 400 pp., $$27.99)

One day, early in my career with the Los Angeles Police Department, I needed to look up the telephone number for some departmental entity or another. Scanning the desk blotter on which were printed the phone numbers for the LAPD’s many bureaus, divisions, and sections, I came upon this enigmatic little entry way down in one corner: “WRONG DOORS.” Its purpose was a mystery to me at the time and remained so until, some years later, I began taking part in investigations targeting drug dealers. It was the phone number for the city carpentry shop, which we called when we had served a search warrant and broken down, yes, the wrong door.

In the years I spent working in drug investigations, I had occasion to call the number only once, this after relying on an inaccurate map of a public-housing project provided by the building management. The four-bedroom apartment I had described in the warrant affidavit and thought I was entering had in fact been converted into a pair of two-bedroom units, and I had chosen the wrong one. For the people in the apartment we mistakenly entered, it was no doubt a jarring experience. Bad enough to live next door to a drug dealer, even worse to have the police come barging into your home looking for him.

In his new book, Radley Balko brings attention to “wrong door” raids like this one, too many of which have had far more unfortunate outcomes than mine did. He chillingly presents a number of cases in which innocent people were shot and even killed by police officers who entered homes in search of drug dealers only to find they were at the wrong address. But to Balko, it is not just “wrong door” raids that are troubling. Even when targeting the correct house, he argues, police often do more harm than good, especially when they are armed and equipped like soldiers in combat.

Balko, a senior writer at The Huffington Post, previously worked at Reason magazine and the Cato Institute. His libertarian bona fides are therefore well established, and he is among the more outspoken and prolific writers advocating libertarian causes today. So, while Rise of the Warrior Cop is a harsh critique of the use of military techniques and equipment among civilian law-enforcement agencies, it should come as no surprise that the book offers an equally harsh examination of the “war on drugs,” which has engendered much of the police militarization that Balko here exposes and seeks to reverse.

“The war on drugs is lost,” this magazine famously proclaimed in 1996. “It is our judgment that the war on drugs has failed,” wrote the Editors, “that it is diverting intelligent energy away from how to deal with the problem of addiction, that it is wasting our resources, and that it is encouraging civil, judicial, and penal procedures associated with police states.” Balko agrees, and tells the story in detail.

During the Reagan administration, Balko writes, the war on drugs saw a sharp escalation and increased federal participation, including an expanded role for military personnel and hardware. Just as troubling to Balko is the use of civil asset forfeiture against drug dealers, a program that was ramped up under Reagan’s Justice Department. “The 1981 GAO report concluded the government wasn’t using forfeiture nearly enough,” he writes, “and that an excellent opportunity to collect revenue was going to waste. Reagan’s people would take care of that.” I can attest that law-enforcement decisions inspired by a quest for asset seizures, whether in the form of cash, real estate, or what have you, continue to this day, sometimes at the expense of more legitimate ends.

But it’s not only Republicans and conservatives who come in for criticism here. While describing efforts within the George H. W. Bush administration to further expand the military’s role in the drug war, Balko identifies Democrats who, viewed in today’s light, would seem unlikely partners in the effort. “Democrats in Congress savaged [drug czar William] Bennett and Bush’s drug plan,” he writes, “for not going far enough.” He quotes then-senator Joe Biden as describing the Bush-Bennett plan as “not tough enough, bold enough, or imaginative enough to meet the crisis at hand.” Perhaps even more surprising, Balko cites a March 1989 Ebony magazine profile that ran under the headline “Charles Rangel: The Front-Line General in the War on Drugs.”

If it is true that the war on drugs is lost, it is nonetheless important to remember why it began. At 38, Balko is perhaps too young to recall the social upheaval of the Sixties and Seventies. Drug use, seen at the time by most Americans as a manifestation of that upheaval if not a cause of it, was regarded as shameful by nearly everyone but the users themselves. As those Biden and Rangel references indicate, there was once near-universal agreement that this so-called war was a worthy effort.

In the Eighties, when crack cocaine spread like cancer through the nation’s inner cities and beyond, police were desperate to come up with methods to combat it. My career as a Los Angeles police officer began in the early days of the crack epidemic, and I saw firsthand how individuals, families, and entire neighborhoods were ravaged by those innocuous-looking little pellets. And if the effects of crack cocaine weren’t harmful enough in themselves, the gang violence that attended its proliferation was a genuine source of fear. It was not an imaginary bogeyman that people were afraid of, yet Balko all but elides this national consensus against drug use that existed at the time.

Nonetheless, I am not entirely unsympathetic to Balko’s arguments. I am in complete accord with his condemnation of “no knock” search warrants as they are used against drug dealers. This kind of raid, usually carried out in the dead of night, is intended to startle suspects by means of a rapid and unannounced entry, sometimes accompanied by the use of disorienting “flash bang” grenades. But when I’m the first cop through the door on a search warrant, as I have been many times, it is in my best interest that the people inside know it is the police coming in and not some criminal looking to rip them off. As Balko points out, confusion as to who is bursting into a home at four in the morning has led to needless deaths, including those of police officers.

I also concur with the author’s criticism of Drug Enforcement Administration raids on marijuana dispensaries in those states where citizens have voted to legalize the drug or endorse its use for medical purposes. California’s medical-marijuana program may have devolved into a bad joke, one in which anyone can claim any malady in a two-minute session with a “doctor” and come away with a prescription for marijuana — but this is what Californians voted for, and it is not the federal government’s place to protect them from their decisions, no matter how misguided.

Balko suggests some reforms for police departments, but at times he reveals his naïveté as to how police work is and ought to be conducted. He cites, for example, the FBI’s capture of Boston mobster Whitey Bulger, who in 2011 was arrested in Santa Monica after 16 years on the run. “Of all the people who meet the criteria for a SWAT team,” Balko writes, “you’d think Bulger would top the list.” Instead, FBI agents created a ruse that allowed them to make the arrest without incident, a tactic Balko applauds and hopes to see more of.

True, the FBI was innovative in capturing Bulger, but the operation surely required dozens of agents to implement the ruse and conduct the surveillance it must have entailed. And just as surely there was a SWAT team at the ready somewhere nearby in case Bulger spotted the surveillance and tried to shoot it out or flee. Most police departments simply do not have that kind of manpower and expertise at their disposal, and a SWAT raid is often the safest option when a violent fugitive is located. And the use of a SWAT team does not necessarily increase the likelihood of violence in a police encounter. The LAPD’s SWAT team, for example, uses deadly force in less than 1 percent of its deployments.

Though Balko gives passing mention to the presence of SWAT teams within ostensibly benign federal bureaucracies, I would have liked to see him explore the use for these teams in such agencies as the Food and Drug Administration. Even the Department of Education has its own SWAT team: Why?

For all my cop’s quibbles with Rise of the Warrior Cop, I was struck by how much I found to agree with in the book. Balko makes a compelling case that in America today there are too many SWAT teams operating with too little accountability, further exposing the country to the dangers this magazine identified in 1996. “No, America today isn’t a police state,” he writes in the concluding chapter. “Far from it. But it would be foolish to wait until it becomes one to get concerned.” One need not be a libertarian to appreciate the warning.

– “Jack Dunphy” is the nom de plume of a police officer with the Los Angeles Police Department.

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
649441,"Beating Back S-CHIP

By The Editors — October 18, 2007

We’re glad the House voted to sustain Bush’s veto of the bill to expand S-CHIP, the children’s health-insurance program. We think Bush is right on policy grounds, and that Republicans are in a better political position than a lot of people think.

The problem with the bill is not, primarily, that it represents “middle-class welfare.” Government policies have made enough of a mess of health care that even middle-class families can have trouble finding affordable health insurance. But the S-CHIP expansion is a perverse solution to this problem.

Its design guarantees that it will transfer money from poor states to rich ones, and from poor people to middle-class ones. It will lead to worse health care for some children. It will reduce social mobility by creating a poverty trap (wherein getting raises leads to a loss of benefits and thus of total income). And there are better alternatives: letting people buy cheaper insurance by reducing regulations, and ending the tax penalty for individually purchased insurance.

We understand why S-CHIP makes Republicans nervous. Nobody wants to be labeled as hostile to children. But over the next year the issue will inevitably take a back seat to the parties’ approaches toward health care in general. The Democrats may well be overreaching on that front. Universal coverage, their ideal, is not the public’s greatest concern. What they want is security in the health coverage that most of them already have. Being able to own their own health policies would give them that security. Conservatives can make that case — and if they do not want to make it, one has to ask why they got involved in politics in the first place.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704474,"Cold Mountain

By Michael Potemra — January 8, 2004

A couple of people recommended I see Cold Mountain; I was reluctant, fearing the movie would combine a romanticization of the Civil War with indulgence in politically correct Hollywood clichés. I was wrong to hesitate. It’s actually a compelling human drama that accomplishes the very difficult task of simultaneously 1) depicting the brutal degradation that war causes to both soldiers and civilians and 2) avoiding the morally obtuse conclusion that war should be prevented at literally any cost. In this film, the Civil War is shown to be a great evil; but it is not suggested that it was an unnecessary evil, nor that both sides were equally at fault for it. After seeing the movie I read Mac Owens’s solid NRO piece on it–which I also strongly recommend.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
131799,"Senator Rand Paul recently introduced a resolution that would soon repeal the current authorizations being used to attack the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (the 2001 and 2002 Authorizations for the Use of Military Force), declare war on the militant group, and authorize a limited range of military actions to continue against them. The idea of a declaration of war is getting the most attention, since it would be the first time the U.S. has done it since June 1942 (the last countries to feel the full wrath of the U.S. Congress were Bulgaria, Hungary, and Romania).

But former Bush-administration lawyer Jack Goldsmith argues that there’s almost no legal substance attached to a declaration of war now as opposed to an authorization for the use of force:

Whatever role declared wars served under international law in the 1780s, and whatever the original understanding of the Declare War clause might have been, international law has changed quite a lot. Since World War II, “war” has generally been replaced with concepts like “use of force (in the U.N. Charter) and “armed conflict” (in the Geneva Conventions). In the modern world. it is not clear what if any purpose might be served under international law by a war declaration, and that is perhaps why there have been few if any war declarations in any the hundreds of wars since World War II.

Goldsmith suggests that Paul’s declare-war idea could spur discussion among the public about the seriousness of the fight against the Islamic State. There’s also a more superficial way to read this: Many Rand supporters think that a lot of U.S. military interventions since WWII have been performed without proper authorization, and may think the lack of formal declarations of war has something to do with that. But it takes the same number of votes to declare war in Congress as it does to authorize force. The invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan weren’t executive abuses but initiatives with overwhelming congressional support. In 2001 and 2002, Congress only had to vote to “authorize force” rather than “declare war,” but it’s hard to see how that lexical difference really makes the vote much tougher to take or defend.

Goldsmith notes authorizations of force have always been the substance of starting a war; in fact, a declaration of war actually does not by itself authorize the use of force. The new substance in Senator Paul’s resolution, then, is not the declaration of war but the much narrower scope it provides for the U.S.’s use of force against the Islamic State and other enemies in the Middle East. Goldsmith writes:

In addition to declaring war against the Islamic State in Section 2(a), Senator Paul also proposes in Section 2(b): “The President is hereby authorized and directed to use the Armed Forces of the United States to protect the people and facilities of the United States in Iraq and Syria against the threats posed thereto by” the Islamic State. This is a narrow authorization of force. Among other things, it authorizes force only in Iraq and Syria and, if I am reading “threats poised thereto” correctly, it does not authorize the President to use force against the Islamic State to protect threats to the American homeland. I am not sure why Senator Paul would want to limit the President’s authorized force to address threats posed to American people and facilities in Iraq and Syria and not to the homeland, and I am not sure whether it matters since the President always has Article II. But the juxtaposition between the full-throated declaration of war in Section 2(a) of Paul’s draft and the very narrow authorization of force in Section 2(b) is strange, and has no precursor in the five earlier declared wars.

One issue, of course, is that Senator Paul doesn’t seem to have a very expansive view of a president’s Article II authority to prevent attacks on the homeland — which Presidents Clinton, Bush, and Obama all do. Combine that with rescinding authority to use force in Iraq except to fight the Islamic State (the 2002 military-force authorization) and ending our authority to pursue al-Qaeda-related entities (the 2001 authorization) in a year, and the president’s authority to conduct the War on Terror will be dramatically curtailed.

Without the 2001 authorization of force, the president won’t have the authority to go after al-Qaeda in Iraq, Afghanistan, or anywhere else, unless he wants to use a very expansive sense of the Constitution’s authority to protect the homeland from imminent threat. Presidents have often done just that, but President Paul presumably would not — which makes you wonder just how much of the war on terror he wants to fight.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
378626,"Heinlein’s Conservatism

A new biography explores the political evolution of a first-rate science-fiction writer.

By Martin Morse Wooster — October 25, 2010

Ask a science-fiction fan who the three greatest writers of the 20th century were and you’ll start an argument that will last all day, but the consensus remains that they were Isaac Asimov, Sir Arthur C. Clarke, and Robert A. Heinlein. Clarke kept politics out of his novels. Asimov was a devoutly liberal Democrat; liberal New York Times columnist Paul Krugman has repeatedly stated that his teenage enjoyment of Asimov’s Foundation series, which depicts a precisely planned and controlled future, inspired him to become an economist and a man of the Left.

Robert A. Heinlein, however, was a conservative. Heinlein had a libertarian streak to him, and if you meet a Heinlein fan that has named his cat “Adam Selene,” you’ll find someone who believes Heinlein to be a simon-pure libertarian. But Heinlein’s patriotism and strong support of the military ensure that he must be thought of as a conservative.

Heinlein’s conservatism extended to his non-political juvenile fiction of the 1940s and 1950s. There are hundreds of thousands of Baby Boomers who read such books as The Star Beast (1954) and Have Space Suit, Will Travel (1958) and discovered exciting novels, set in a future of limitless wonder and exploration, told by a writer who seemed like a kindly uncle who whispered, “Yes, I know being a teenager is a struggle. But knowledge is important. And I know math is hard, but you’ve got to understand math if you want to do well in life.”

Heinlein, in his juvenile novels, taught conservative virtues. “I have been writing the Horatio Alger books of my generation,” he wrote to his editor, Alice Dalgliesh, in 1959, “always with the same strongly moral purpose that runs through the Horatio Alger books (which strongly influenced me; I read them all). ‘Honesty is the best policy.’ — ‘Hard work is rewarded.’ — ‘There is no easy road to success.’ — ‘Courage above all.’ — ‘Studying hard pays off, in happiness as well as money.’ — ‘Stand on your own feet.’ — ‘Don’t ever be bullied.’ — ‘Take your medicine.’ — ‘The world always has a place for a man who works, but none for a loafer.’ These are the things the Alger books said to me, in the idiom suited for my generation; I believed them when I read them, I believe them now, and I have constantly tried to say them to a younger generation which I believe has been shamefully neglected by many of the elders responsible for its moral training.”

As William Patterson shows in Learning Curve: 1907–1948, the first volume of his authorized biography, Robert A. Heinlein: In Dialogue with His Century, Heinlein’s political evolution was somewhat comparable to that of Ronald Reagan. Until the 1950s, Heinlein thought of himself as a liberal. After 1945, he thought that the only way to prevent global atomic annihilation was a strong world government. In his 1949 novel Space Cadet, Heinlein depicts a future where peace is preserved through a global government controlled by the military.

Reagan and Heinlein both moved to the right in the 1950s, partially due to wives who were more ardently conservative than they were. Heinlein’s discovery of conservatism must wait for the sequel to this book, but Patterson provides one clue: In 1954, Heinlein read an article that was critical of the official U.S. government story about Pearl Harbor. This led Heinlein to become more skeptical of the state, and he quit being a Democrat.

Robert A. Heinlein was born in Butler, Mo., in 1907. As a child, Heinlein loved to read. As a teenager, he read every book he could find by Edgar Rice Burroughs, Jules Verne, Rudyard Kipling, Jack London, and Mark Twain. H. G. Wells was a particular favorite, and Heinlein absorbed Wells’s sf novels and his socialist politics. Heinlein, writes Patterson, “read everything, in fact, except the usual run of nauseating Victorian children’s literature.”

The Heinlein family had a strong military tradition. Heinlein’s father, Rex, was a Spanish–American War veteran. His older brother Lawrence was a captain in World War I, and became a major general in World War II, becoming one of Douglas MacArthur’s key aides during the occupation of Japan. Heinlein’s younger brother Jay served in World War II and Korea before beginning a distinguished career as a political scientist.

Heinlein would have liked to have had a naval career. He entered the Naval Academy in 1925, an era so far in the past that he trained on coal-fired ships and even once came down with scurvy when the food rotted during a training voyage. After he graduated in 1929, Heinlein rose to the rank of lieutenant. Two of the captains under whom he served — Ernest King and William “Bull” Halsey — later became two of World War II’s greatest commanders.

In 1933, Heinlein came down with a case of tuberculosis so severe that he was forced to retire from the military. He then entered politics. After working on the failed effort of Upton Sinclair to become governor of California in 1934, Heinlein became an anti-Communist Democratic activist. But his loss for a California State Assembly seat in a 1938 primary led him to start writing.

Heinlein’s skill rapidly led him to become one of the leading sf writers of the 1940s, He helped steer science fiction away from stories about space battles and tedious scientific lectures and toward serious efforts to show what the future might be like. Patterson reminds us that Heinlein’s most important stories of this period — the novellas “Magic, Inc.” and “The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoag,” the novels Revolt in 2100 and Methuselah’s Children — are important milestones of the field that remain readable and entertaining today.

The first volume of William Patterson’s life of Robert Heinlein shows how Heinlein became one of the greatest sf writers of the 20th century. Patterson’s concluding volume, due in 2012, should show how Heinlein became the most important conservative voice in the genre.

– Martin Morse Wooster, a former editor of The Wilson Quarterly and The American Enterprise, frequently reviews science fiction and fantasy. The Hudson Institute has just published the revised edition of his book Great Philanthropic Mistakes.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
165401,"January 9 marked what would have been Richard Nixon’s 100th birthday and reignited an old debate among conservatives. Some view him as an underappreciated statesman who is a victim of a liberal double standard. Conrad Black proclaimed in a 2011piece on NRO that Nixon was “halfway to Mount Rushmore.” I have a more negative take: I believe that Richard Nixon governed more as a liberal than anything else, and that the Watergate scandal set back the cause of conservatism. From our failure to control runaway spending to restrictions on campaign finance, we are still dealing with the repercussions of his mistakes.

There is clear evidence that Nixon didn’t really like or trust conservatives, even if he hired a bunch of them. Rather, he used them and freely abandoned their principles when convenient. In a 1983 interview, he told historian Joan Hoff that his many liberal initiatives as president (from the creation of the Environmental Protection Agency to his calls for universal health insurance) reflected his own background and association with the “progressive” wing of the Republican party.

In private, Nixon was scathing about conservatives ranging from Ronald Reagan (he considered him a showy “know-nothing”) to William F. Buckley Jr., the founder of National Review. John C. Whitaker, a top Nixon aide, wrote in Presidential Studies Quarterly that he sat with Nixon on a plane the day after Buckley lost the 1965 race for mayor of New York to liberal Republican John Lindsay.

“The trouble with far-right conservatives like Buckley,” Nixon told Whitaker, “is that they really don’t give a damn about people and the voters sense that. Yet any Republican presidential candidate can’t stray too far from the right-wingers because they can dominate a primary and are even more important in close general elections. Remember, John,” Nixon lectured, “the far-right kooks are just like the nuts on the left, they’re door-bell ringers and balloon blowers, but they turn out to vote. There is only one thing as bad as a far-left liberal and that’s a damn right-wing conservative.” Whitaker wrote that this and other conversations he had with Nixon were indicative of “Nixon’s visceral tilt towards the moderate/liberal side when dealing with domestic legislation, coupled with his respect (maybe fear is a better word) for the political clout of the right wing, so necessary to win national elections.”

Pollster Doug Schoen, who has worked for such moderate liberals as Bill Clinton and Michael Bloomberg, has gone so far as to claim this month that Nixon was “America’s last liberal.” He notes that Nixon’s 1974 national-health-care proposal “was a far more liberal concept than Bill Clinton’s or Barack Obama’s.” Nixon would have required employers to buy health insurance for their employees and subsidized the employers who couldn’t afford it. He also imposed a minimum tax on the wealthy (the dreaded Alternative Minimum Tax, which is only now being permanently indexed to exclude the middle class) and unsuccessfully backed a guaranteed income for all Americans. And that’s before we even get to how Nixon embraced Communist Beijing, dumped America’s diplomatic recognition of Taiwan, and signed a highly flawed Vietnam War ceasefire that within two years led to South Vietnam’s being overrun by Communists.

Schoen isn’t the only observer to remark on Nixon’s breathtakingly liberal record; he quotes the late Herbert Stein, Nixon’s chief economic adviser, who once wrote, “Probably more new regulation was imposed on the economy during the Nixon Administration than in any other presidency since the New Deal.”

In a single day in 1971, Nixon famously imposed wage and price controls in a naïve attempt to curb inflation, ended the U.S.’s last ties to the gold standard, effectively devalued the dollar, and imposed a 10 percent import surcharge. The list of agencies he created from scratch includes the EPA, the Council on Environmental Quality, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. He signed the command-and-control Clean Air Act into law and instituted racial quotas as federal policy. “Incredible but true,” Fortune magazine recalled upon Nixon’s death in 1994. “It was the Nixonites that gave us employment quotas.” As historian Joan Hoff has noted, “Not until the Nixon administration did ‘affirmative action’ begin to become synonymous with ‘civil rights.’”

Nixon’s most controversial federal-spending proposal was the Family Assistance Program, which would have guaranteed a minimal annual welfare payment for all Americans below a certain income level. It was blocked by a coalition of conservative Republicans and moderate Democrats in the Senate, but under Nixon spending on Food Stamps increased from $610 million in 1970 to $2.5 billion in 1973. Today, 47 million Americans, or nearly one in six, depend on the program.

In addition, Nixon created the Supplemental Security Income portion of Social Security, which constitutes a guaranteed annual income for the aged, blind, and disabled and has been a key component in threatening Social Security’s economic sustainability.

Although Nixon expressed few regrets about his domestic record, the exceptions were notable. In 1989, I was invited to a dinner at Nixon’s New Jersey home with other journalists. I insisted that the first part of the conversation focus on Nixon’s domestic programs. He was visibly uncomfortable about defending them — Ronald Reagan, who had tried to cut back on many of these programs’ excesses, had just left office. But Nixon acknowledged some mistakes. Wage and price controls had distorted the economy and served as a precedent for harmful intervention by other presidents.

Nixon also regretted declaring “we are all Keynesians now” as president, just at the time that economists were beginning to discredit Keynes’s precepts. His embrace of Keynesian theory led him to become the first president to submit a budget based on the theory that government should spend as if it were at full employment in an effort to bring about full employment, thereby sanctifying deficit spending as “acceptable.”

Another mistake that Nixon acknowledged was his decision, just before he faced voters for a second term in 1972, to support automatic cost-of-living adjustments (COLAs) for all Social Security recipients. He told me the change was justified at the time but made federal-budget restraint much more difficult when inflation accelerated later in the 1970s.

But my major memory of that dinner was that, despite occasional regrets, Nixon remained quite proud of his domestic achievements, which expanded the welfare and bureaucratic states. Indeed, the record is clear. As Joan Hoff observed in Nixon Reconsidered, her book seeking to rehabilitate Nixon with liberals:

From the first to the last of the Nixon budgets –1970 through 1975 — spending on human resource programs exceeded spending for defense for the first time since World War II. . . . Funding for social welfare services under Nixon grew from $55 billion in 1970 to almost $132 billion in 1975, making him (not President Johnson) the “last of the big spenders” on domestic programs.

That is, until Barack Obama.

Historians should consider Nixon’s record beyond his use of the IRS to harass his enemies and his spying on domestic opponents. Some of his actions were useful (ending the terminally flawed draft) or visionary (a failed attempt to construct an anti-missile shield against nuclear attack). But viewed in its totality, his isn’t the record of a conservative president. At best, it’s the record of a progressive Republican who, in the end, didn’t view conservatism as a valid governing philosophy — even though it was the basis of the republic created by the Founding Fathers.

As we mark Nixon’s centenary, we cannot celebrate him either as a conservative or as someone who respected the rule of law. When David Frost grilled Richard Nixon in a 1977 interview about the former president’s role in the Watergate cover-up, they had this exchange:

Frost: “Are you really saying the president can do something illegal?”

Nixon: “I’m saying that when the president does it, it’s not illegal!”

That was simply an unacceptable attitude from someone who took an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States.

— John Fund is a national-affairs columnist for NRO.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
287290,"When the Power of the State Was Used to Bully Climate-Policy Dissenters

How blue-state attorneys general tried and failed to silence their political opponents

By Todd Myers — October 31, 2017

Last year, Washington attorney general Bob Ferguson announced that he would be joining other blue-state attorneys general to investigate ExxonMobil and conservative groups that work on the issue of climate change. Though they claimed otherwise, the AGs’ goal was to chill opposition to costly and ineffective climate policies pushed by the environmental Left. And while he was not the public face of the effort, Ferguson’s actions are emblematic of how attempts to suppress speech manifest themselves in environmental policy.

In April 2016, a team of 17 AGs served subpoenas to ExxonMobil and two conservative groups, asking for a decade’s worth of work on climate and energy policy. The AGs also asked for information about the groups’ donors and put more than 100 other right-leaning groups on notice that they might be next. The nominal justification for the wide-ranging demand is to determine whether, in conjunction with sympathetic think tanks, “Exxon committed consumer and securities fraud stemming from the company’s challenging of the catastrophic climate change narrative.” Exxon, it was claimed, had mislead investors and the public by contributing to groups that questioned the extreme climate policies supported by left-wing environmental groups and the AGs.

One goal of the subpoenas was to intimidate political opponents into silence. Intimidation, of course, is best done quietly, and the AGs made a serious effort to keep their aggressive actions under cover. To ensure the public didn’t know what they were up to, they signed a Common Interest Agreement that blocked disclosure, instructing the signatories to “refuse to disclose any Shared Information unless required by law.”

Though my group was not a target of the investigation, I filed a public-records request for documents related to the case from Ferguson’s office. Despite Washington State’s very generous public-disclosure laws, I received 300 pages with redacted blocks as black as Jean Paul Sartre’s soul. When I tried to find out how much time and taxpayer money was being spent on this effort, I was told that it would be impossible to disaggregate the hours spent by associate AGs, and was provided only with general amounts that covered all time spent by lawyers on all issues.

The AGs will, of course, respond that while an investigation is ongoing, they have a right to protect their internal communication related to it. That argument, however, is undermined by their own emails, the process of their “investigation,” and the ultimate result, all of which show that they were abusing the power of their offices to engage in a political witch hunt.

A pledge was developed for AGs involved in the investigation and the lawsuit it threatened to produce. The pledge obligated signatories to “Support Progressive Federal Action,” and to “Provide legal support to progressive state and regional actions” on climate change. This was not a legal pledge. It was a political pledge. These public officials were using the power of the law to investigate political opponents.

Additionally, the group they chose to guide them is the overtly political Union of Concerned Scientists (UCS). A meeting for representatives of the various AGs’ offices included a UCS representative to provide information on the “imperative to take action now.”

I am familiar with the UCS and had the opportunity to attend a speech by its president, Ken Kimmell, when he visited Seattle in 2015. As former Chair of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI), the cap-and-trade system implemented in New England, Kimmell talked about “the successful northeastern/mid-Atlantic cap-and-trade program and the lessons it might offer as Washington considers its own cap-and-trade program.” He spent 30 minutes highlighting the “success” of the system. He declined to mention that it hadn’t cut carbon emissions one bit. Noting this, I asked Kimmell how he could claim RGGI was working. He quickly shifted gears, asserting that other elements, besides the cap, had worked. Of course, he hadn’t said that previously. He was there to promote a cap and he wasn’t going to let the facts spoil his appeal.

It was not the first time that UCS had distorted the truth to promote its agenda while claiming the objective mantle of science. If the group’s involvement with the lawsuit and the AGs’ pledge leave any doubt that this effort was simply an attempt to intimidate under pretense of investigating, consider the result. When the Competitive Enterprise Institute pushed back on a subpoena it had been served, the group of AGs dropped it almost immediately, which suggests that they never had a serious interest in bringing a case.

In a recent interview with the environmental blog Grist, Ferguson noted that “attorney general is the most consequential office in government,” saying he could do things “other politicians simply can’t.” But Washington’s citizens gave Ferguson such great power with the expectation that he would fairly and impartially uphold the law, not use it as a political weapon.

READ MORE:

Science & Belief — Climate Change & Sexual Orientation Identification Technology

No, It’s Not a 97 Percent Consensus

The Impasse in the Debate About Climate Change

— Todd Myers is the environmental director of the Washington Policy Center in Seattle.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
906121,"Donald E. Hampson December 16, 2013, Issue by

AUTUMN

Autumn is the reflective season,

Its cast of light a major reason;

Another, the surcease of photosynthesis

That leaves green leaves in a splendid parenthesis

Of curtained colors that wondrously

Were always there, though we could not see

Those lustrous reds and glorious yellows concealed

Till death their patient beauty revealed.

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
605047,"What’s Wrong with the U.S.-led Air Campaign against ISIS?

By Daniel Pipes — September 28, 2014

The brief version:

Keep an eye on the ball: the Iranian nuclear build-up is 1,000 times a greater threat than ISIS.

Tehran should be left to deal with this problem, which threatens its allies in Damascus and Baghdad, and potentially even Iran itself.

Pipes’s iron rule of war: Never initiate fighting unless prepared to do what is needed to win (i.e., don’t in advance rule out ground troops).

The search for moderate opponents to the Assad regime is chimerical.

Destroying oil-production facilities is almost always a mistake.

American efforts should be limited to (1) providing assistance to the Kurds and (2) humanitarian missions.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
556555,"Until very recently, it’s been a commonplace to suggest that America’s big incumbent cable companies will never build high-speed Internet for the masses without government intervention. Widely respected scholars have argued that we need an “industrial policy” for high-speed Internet access, lest we fall behind other countries. When critics have replied that what we really need are innovative firms to compete with the broadband incumbents, not regulation or industrial policy, they’ve been dismissed as naïve, or as shills for industry. But as Michael Hendrix reported in NRO in December, the advent of Google Fiber has lit a fire under the cable giants. When Google decided to offer its own high-speed Internet service, and when it managed to get municipalities to relax some of their rigid regulations in the process, companies like Comcast and TimeWarner immediately moved to upgrade their service. Tim Lee of Vox has more on how Comcast, TimeWarner, and AT&T are adapting to the Google Fiber threat, and how Google Fiber is prodding the cable incumbents to upgrade their service even in markets that Google Fiber has yet to enter. (And Klint Finley of Wired has more on Comcast’s plans in particular.)

Can we expect the partisans of regulation and taxpayer-financed broadband to say that they were wrong, and that what we really needed was for a disruptive new entrant to raise expectations and persuade local governments to allow them to do crazy things like build fiber in neighborhoods with a high enough level of demand to support new service? Or can we expect them to ignore these new developments and keep pushing the same policies?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
698494,"In Lieu of Flowers

By Iain Murray — October 12, 2005

Given his obvious bravery, it seems a little churlish to decry this fellow’s last request.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
659504,"President Obama’s timing is off. Just as he tries to assure us that there’s no conspiracy to take away our guns, Democrats across the country are calling for banning most firearms.

From Georgia to California, Democratic legislators have introduced bills to ban all semi-automatic rifles or even all semi-automatics, period. In the New York Times this month, Thomas Friedman called for “bans on the manufacture and sale of all semi-automatic and other military-style guns.” The city council of Lexington, Mass., is seeking to “ban the ownership of semi-automatic or fully automatic weapons able to hold ammunition clips containing more than ten rounds.”

Well over half of the guns sold in the U.S. are semi-automatic. And, if a gun can accept a magazine, that magazine can be of pretty much any size. So the “ten round” rule is meaningless. So, with the exception of a few specialty guns, these rules would in effect ban all semi-automatic guns.

This Democrat goal is nothing new, of course — in 1998, Illinois state senator Barack Obama supported a “ban on the sale or transfer of all forms of semi-automatic weapons” — but for years, gun-control advocates wanted to ban guns based on appearances. Now, instead of arbitrarily going after guns because of how they look, Democrats are at least being logically consistent and talking about banning guns based on how they function.

RELATED: Obama’s Gun-Control Order Is Dictatorial, and It Won’t Work

The AR-15 became a popular target because it resembles the military’s M-16. But AR-15s use essentially the same bullets as do small-game hunting rifles. They even fire at the same rapidity and cause the same damage. And unlike fully automatic machine guns, which will fire bullets for as long as the trigger is pressed, semi-automatic guns fire only one bullet per trigger-pull. No self-respecting military in the world would use these semi-automatic guns.

Gun-control advocates have continually demonstrated their ignorance about how guns operate. How often do we hear them ask, “why do people need a semi-automatic Bushmaster to go out and kill deer?” But the answer is simple: A Bushmaster is a hunting rifle — it has just been made to look like a military weapon.

If, however, the Democrats plan to ban semi-automatic handguns, banning revolvers isn’t going to be far behind. Not that banning revolvers would reduce gun crime, either.

Revolvers get their name from a revolving cylinder that contains bullets in separate chambers. Gun-control advocates will eventually realize that revolvers actually fire bullets at a faster rate than do semi-automatic pistols — semi-automatics have to do a lot more work to load the next bullet in the chamber. Semi-automatics can hold more bullets and it used to be true that they could be reloaded more quickly than revolvers. But while semi-automatics are still easier to reload, technology has advanced to the point where revolvers can be reloaded just as quickly

RELATED: A Look at the Facts on Gun-Free Zones

In contrast to semi-automatics that can hold a magazine of any size, revolvers are limited to eight to ten bullets (depending on the caliber of the bullets being used). But with training, a mass shooter can fire just as many bullets with a sufficient rapidity that their ability to commit these crimes would be unaffected by the time needed to reload.

Moreover, revolvers have a major advantage over semi-automatics: They don’t jam as frequently. The spring in a magazine can lose strength and therefore its ability to properly push bullets cleanly into the chamber. Large-capacity magazines actually make jamming much more likely, as you need a very strong spring to push the last few bullets into the chamber. Jammed guns actually saved lives in both the Aurora, Colo, movie-theater shooting and the Gabby Giffords shooting in Tucson, Ariz.

RELATED: The Left’s Cynical Gun-Control Reflex

Either way, today’s ignorant politicians want to ban all semi-automatic guns. Tomorrow they will push to ban revolvers.

Will this make anyone safer or reduce gun violence? No.

While mass shooters can plan their attacks by bringing multiple guns, extra magazines, or speed loaders for revolvers, concealed-carry permit holders are unlikely to lug along any extra equipment. And the law-abiding citizen won’t be able to carry as many bullets in a legal revolver as in a potentially illegal semi-automatic.

So if the Democrats ban self-loading guns that fire a bullet each time you pull the trigger, what is the alternative? Single-shot rifles that require you to physically reload the gun after each shot? Derringer handguns that can fire one or two rounds before they have to be reloaded?

Make no mistake, there would be a real cost to these bans, particularly for the most vulnerable people who are likely to be victims of violent crime (poor blacks who live in high-crime areas) and those who are weaker physically (women and the elderly).

Single-shot guns may not do people a lot of good when they are facing multiple attackers. Or, for that matter, when their first shot misses or fails to stop an attacker. These are cruel proposals for people who want to be able to defend themselves and others. The question is: Do these Democrats care?

— John R. Lott Jr. is the president of the Crime Prevention Research Center and the author of More Guns, Less Crime: Understanding Crime and Gun Control Laws.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702360,"Helter Swelter!

Crazed cult leader Charles Manson has broken a 20-year silence in a prison interview coinciding with the 40th anniversary of his conviction for the gruesome Sharon Tate murders – to speak out about global warming.

The infamous killer, who started championing environmental causes from behind bars, bemoaned the ‘bad things’ being done to environment in a rambling phone interview from his Californian jail cell.

‘Everyone’s God and if we don’t wake up to that there’s going to be no weather because our polar caps are melting because we’re doing bad things to the atmosphere.

‘If we don’t change that as rapidly as I’m speaking to you now, if we don’t put the green back on the planet and put the trees back that we’ve butchered, if we don’t go to war against the problem…’ he added, trailing off.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330371,"Family Structure Matters — Science Proves It

By W. Bradford Wilcox — October 23, 2015

It’s been a rough two weeks for the family-structure denialists, those progressive academics (Philip Cohen, “How to Live in a World Where Marriage Is in Decline”), journalists (Katie Roiphe, “New York Times, Stop Moralizing About Single Mothers”), and pundits (Matthew Yglesias, “The ‘Decline’ of Marriage Isn’t a Problem”) who seek to minimize or deny the importance of marriage and family structure. That’s because three new pieces of scholarship — a journal, a report, and a study — were released this month that solidify the growing scientific consensus that marriage and family structure matter for children, families, and the nation as a whole.

On October 14, Princeton University and Brookings released a new issue of The Future of Children, focused on marriage and child well-being. After reviewing family research over the last decade, the issue’s big takeaway, co-authored by Princeton sociologist Sara McLanahan and Brookings economist Isabel Sawhill, was this:

Whereas most scholars now agree that children raised by two biological parents in a stable marriage do better than children in other family forms across a wide range of outcomes, there is less consensus about why. Is it the quality of parenting? Is it the availability of additional resources (time and money)? Or is it just that married parents have different attributes than those who aren’t married? Thus a major theme we address in this issue is why marriage matters for child wellbeing. Although definitive answers to these questions continue to elude the research community, we’ve seen a growing appreciation of how these factors interact, and all of them appear to be involved.

In other words, although scholars are not exactly sure why marriage matters for children, they know that marriage does matter for them.

On Tuesday, the Washington Post spotlighted a new report, Strong Families, Prosperous States: Do Healthy Families Affect the Wealth of States?, that highlights the macroeconomic associations between marriage and state economies. The report, which I co-authored with economists Robert Lerman and Joseph Price for the American Enterprise Institute and the Institute for Family Studies, shows that states with higher levels of married parenthood enjoy higher levels of growth, economic mobility for children growing up poor, and median family income, along with markedly lower levels of child poverty.

RELATED: The Failure of the Family Widens America’s Economic and Cultural Divides

When we compare states in the top quintile of married-parent families with those in the bottom quintile, we find that being in the top quintile is associated with a $$1,451 higher per capita GDP, 10.5 percent greater upward income mobility for children from lower-income families, a 13.2 percent decline in the child-poverty rate, and a $$3,654 higher median family income. And because we control for a range of factors — from the educational and racial composition of a state to its tax policies and spending on education — that might otherwise confound the family–economy link at the state level, we believe that marriage trends are having an impact on state prosperity. Indeed, for three of our four outcomes, as the Washington Post noted, “the share of parents who are married in a state is a better predictor of that state’s economic health than the racial composition and educational attainment of the state’s residents.”

Take the state-by-state health of the American Dream. The figure above, which shows how far up the income distribution children raised at the 25th percentile end up as 30-year-old adults, indicates that lower-income children typically rise higher in adulthood in states with more married parents than in states with fewer married parents. So children from states with lots of married parents — Minnesota, North Dakota, and Utah, for example — typically land at the 47th percentile or higher as adults. By contrast, children hailing from states with comparatively few married parents, such as Mississippi, North Carolina, and South Carolina, generally don’t even reach the 40th percentile as adults. These patterns are consistent with Harvard economist Raj Chetty’s observation that “the strongest predictors of upward mobility are measures of family structure.” Indeed, on this outcome, we found that married parenthood was a stronger predictor of economic mobility than was a state’s racial composition or the share of its population that is college-educated.

Not surprisingly, a similar pattern unfolds when it comes to child poverty. As the figure above shows, child poverty is comparatively rare in states with lots of married parents, and much more common in states with fewer married parents. So one reason that New Mexico and Louisiana, for example, rank No. 1 and No. 2 in child poverty is that they have comparatively few families headed by married parents. Likewise, child poverty is comparatively rare in New Hampshire and North Dakota, in part because the vast majority of kids in these states live with married parents. And, here again, we find that married parenthood is a better predictor of child poverty than are the racial composition and educational attainment of the states. So much for the idea that marriage per se doesn’t matter.

Yesterday, the news was even worse for the family-structure denialists, after the New York Times highlighted a major new study from MIT economist David Autor and his colleagues showing that less-advantaged boys are floundering in school and society — and more so than their less-advantaged female peers — in part because, compared with more-advantaged boys, they are less likely to grow up in a married home with their father. In particular, compared with their sisters, less-advantaged boys “have a higher incidence of truancy and behavioral problems throughout elementary and middle school, exhibit higher rates of behavioral and cognitive disability, perform worse on standardized tests, are less likely to graduate high school, and are more likely to commit serious crimes as juveniles.”

One big reason for this growing gender gap in educational, behavioral, and social outcomes between less-advantaged boys and girls is that boys are often hit harder by the absence of married parents and of a father than are girls, according to Autor’s new study. That’s a big issue today in America, because marriage is much weaker in poor and working-class communities than it is in more-educated and affluent ones. For instance, in their study of more than 1 million Florida children, they find that the “boy–girl gap in suspensions is far smaller in families where children are born to married parents” and that the gender gap in high-school graduation is smaller for children whose parents are married than for children in single-mother homes.

RELATED: Social Inequality Matters as Much as — or More Than — Economic Inequality

The figure below, taken from their study, is illustrative of their findings. It shows that the gender gaps in school readiness for kindergarten and in absences from school are smaller when a child’s parents are married or the father is present. In fact, boys outperform girls in math in married families, but underperform them when dad is absent from the home.

Figure: Boy–Girl Gaps in Kindergarten Readiness, School Absences, and Math Scores by Family Structure

Source: David Autor, David Figlio, Krzysztof Karbownik, Jeffrey Roth, and Melanie Wasserman, “Family Disadvantage and the Gender Gap in Behavioral and Educational Outcomes,” October 21, 2015. The effect of family structure on absence is statistically significant, net of controls.

The bottom line: Since the 1970s, a range of scholars, journalists, and pundits have sought to minimize the emotional, social, and economic fallout of the nation’s retreat from marriage, a retreat that has hit poor and working-class families and children especially hard. This is not to say that family structure is the only thing that matters: The research, including Autor’s new study, also tells us that factors such as class, race, and the quality and stability of family life — not just family structure — play a major role in affecting the welfare of children and families.

But with study after study showing that children, families, and now even states benefit from strong and stable married families, the job of those who would seek to deny that marriage and family structure also play an important role — the family-structure denialists — is getting harder and harder. That’s because the facts just aren’t with those who seek to deny the scientific evidence that family change is having a major impact on our social environment and — in particular — our boys.

– W. Bradford Wilcox, a sociologist at the University of Virginia, directs the Home Economics Project at the American Enterprise Institute and the Institute for Family Studies. You can follow him on Twitter here: @WilcoxNMP.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
538692,"N ietzsche once trenchantly quipped that “…our modern noisy, time-consuming industriousness, proud of itself, stupidly proud, educates and prepares people more than anything else does, precisely for unbelief.”The truth in that statement is perhaps never more on display than during the Christmas season. Slogans urging us to “keep Christ in Christmas,” or “recall the reason for the season,” sound about as hollow as the Christmas jingles that reverberate in our ears every time we enter a store. Those in search of an antidote might consider watching the newly released DVD Into Great Silence, Philip Groening’s movingly observed study of the daily lives of Carthusian monks at La Grande Chartreuse, founded in the French Alps in 1084.

A prize winner at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival, the film has received universal acclaim for its minimalist style, its cinematography and especially its attentiveness to the spiritual dimension of existence to which the Carthusian life aspires. Given that contemporary entertainment fosters an attention deficit in all of us and that the film makes no effort to provide even the scaffolding of a plot, this is not, initially at least, an easy film to watch. But as it unfolds, the virtue of taking one’s time becomes evident. The virtue is most profoundly captured in one of the texts interspersed through the film: “Behold the silence that allows the Lord to speak a word in us: That He is.”

Aided by the remote, lush, mountainous setting of the monastery the cinematography is indeed stunning. The camera, which works exclusively with natural light here, often alternates between broad, sweeping shots of the monastery amid the mountains and tight shots of flowers and trees beginning to bloom. It also captures in distant shots the majestic beauty of the monks’ chapel. But these men have not left society to luxuriate in beauty; they harbor no romantic illusions about nature. Their lives, which alternate between prayer and manual work (ora et labora), are not easy lives. (The Carthusians are known as the most rigorous of the Catholic monastic orders, whose motto is “never reformed because never deformed.”) Yet, the accent here is not on guilt or anguish; these are peaceful, joyful lives, as the occasional shots of their faces intimate.

The liturgical life of the monks complements the rhythm of nature; they rise early in darkness, and move slowly but with determination to the chapel, where the only light is cast upon the pages of books of chant, written in solemnly inscribed Latin. In this austere setting, small sounds become noticeable — the sound of trickling water as snow melts or the occasional cough as the monks kneel in silent prayer. The most dramatic sound is that of the church bells ringing in the chapel and resounding through the halls of the monastery.

Those who approach the film with an open, inquiring spirit will find themselves putting certain contemporary assumptions into question. Some may find the monks’ devotion to ritual off-putting. But the notion that we can live without ritual because we are now free to do what we want is an illusion, a dogma of the modern age. We are creatures of habit and our lives fall into patterns of one sort or another. The question is not whether we shall have rituals, but which ones? And to what ends? How do our rituals shape us and how we see nature, ourselves, and God?

Even more importantly, the film prompts us to wonder about silence in our “noisy, time-consuming” world, about different types of silence (empty or full, anxious or grateful), and about why we seem so afraid of silence and flee it, even in our churches. Indeed, we might be led to formulate a question never asked in our churches, where we seek to deploy the most advanced technology and the best practices guide for effective ministry. What is the quality of our silence? Do we even allow for it? What is its duration, depth, and reverence?

In this sense, it is clear that the monastic life, apparently so distant from our world, has as its goal not abandonment of the world, but a deeper way of identifying with it and of testifying to the deepest longings of the human heart. As Thomas Merton, perhaps the most famous American monk, whose best-selling autobiography, Seven Story Mountain, will be 60 years old in a few months, put it,

This is what it means to seek God perfectly: to withdraw from illusion and pleasure, from worldly anxieties and desires, from the works that God does not want, from a glory that is only human display; to entertain silence in my heart and listen for the voice of God; to love all men as myself… (New Seeds of Contemplation).

In the hunger for silence is the hunger for a simple, sane way of living, and — beneath that — a hunger for God. In the only interview in the entire film, a blind monk comments: “Why be afraid of death? It is the fate of each man. The closer you get to God, the happier you are. In God, there is no past. God sees our lives and since he is infinite good, he seeks our well being.” Without any hint of bitterness, he thanks God his blindness and then, without any hint of vindictiveness, laments that “the world has lost its sense of God.”

No film can revive the world’s sense of God, but this gorgeous and deeply counter-cultural film may inspire in patient viewers a hunger for silence and an appreciation of lives devoted to it. Of course, the lives depicted here are devoted to a great silence, a silence that is, paradoxically, the very presence of God.

– Thomas Hibbs is distinguished professor of ethics and culture at Baylor University and author of the forthcoming book, Arts of Darkness.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43603,"I will be speaking about James Madison Tuesday, October 9, at the Eccles Conference Center Auditorium at Utah State University, Logan. The time: noon-1 pm. The event, free and open to the public, is sponsored by The Project on Liberty and American Constitutionalism at Utah State University.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
460948,"Re She’s Qualified

By Clifford D. May — September 1, 2008

It’s also stunning for my old friend EJ to say that “Obama has been put through the journalistic wringer since he entered the public spotlight four years ago.”

Really? Did I miss the 60 Minutes report on Obama’s relationship with unrepentant terrorist Bill Ayers? The New York Times investigation into the deals Obama made with convicted felon Tony Rezko? The Dateline look at ACORN and what “community organizers” really do?

Dick Cheney has been put through the journalistic wringer. For Barack Obama it’s been more like a journalistic shampoo, facial and massage.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638562,"Trump should get off his phone and start lying to my face. All our faces. We, the American people, deserve it. I think.

Some eight years ago, when Democrats were trying to pass their major reform of the American health-care system, Barack Obama put down his golf clubs, got out there in front of me. There were “supercut” videos of the president repeating over and over again that those who liked their insurance could keep it. He got out there and said it to different audiences across the country and in national interviews. He lied like it was his job. In a way, it was. At least he did it.

Actually, Obama and the whole political and media class aligned with him at the time put tremendous effort into publicizing and selling the benefits of the Affordable Care Act. Obama’s White House did the laborious work of cajoling the recalcitrant and bribing the reluctant. The Washington Post’s bloggers explained the different pillars of the plan. There were long debates about the so-called public option. Once it was close to its final form, the president wanted you to know about the particulars. Whatever you think about Obamacare, and I don’t think much of it, Obama cared about it. He followed it minute by minute. And studied the details. He knew it was his legacy.

And if he didn’t know that everyone anxious and frustrated with American health care would thenceforward think of his name, then certainly any successor trying a major health reform should know it.

Donald Trump doesn’t care about health-care policy. He has no sense that millions of American will bitterly call out his name whenever they encounter one of the many indignities that the American health-care and health-insurance system visits upon them. Republicans could send him a bill that institutes single payer and he’d sign it just as quickly as he’d sign whatever they do send him. They could institute massive subsidies for building medical centers that revolve around leech therapy. “We’re going to find the best leeches,” Trump would say at the signing. He doesn’t care about anything beyond the grin and claiming credit for doing something great.

And I don’t think he’s alone in this. From opening the Drudge Report, or watching Fox News the past few weeks, it is obvious that the conservative-leaning outlets with massive audiences don’t believe their people care about this bill. They care about the Democrats’ investigation into the Trump campaign’s collusion with Russia running out of steam. They care about the normal things they care about: crimes immigrants commit, and what the liberals are doing.

And Trump has a sense of what they do care about. Instead of working the phones, steadying nervous legislators, or using the bully pulpit for health reform, he spent some of the crucial time before a final Senate vote tweeting about how Mika Brzezinski rang in the new year by bleeding from her face at his private Florida club. Finally! A new lead image for Drudge.

At least for now, while they have an easily distracted man in the Oval Office, and a Congress that is committed to the usual Republican priorities — tax cuts! — the populist Right is happy enough to see the president use the vast power and prestige of his office to fight the media. It’s a vision of the presidency that’s little more than Sean Hannity’s job, with a few executive orders and judicial appointments on top. Trump is, as much as he can, setting aside the whole responsibility of governance in order to prioritize the Right’s feud with what it sees as the real throne of power, the media. Instead of capturing the media, the presidency channels the Right’s rage at it.

Who could possibly care about the executive and legislative branches of the most powerful country on earth? That’s an afterthought when there are idiot elitists who disapprove of us on cable news!

READ MORE:

Why Trump’s Vengeful Tweeting Matters

Trump’s Pettiness Is Damaging His Agenda

On Russia, Can Congress Save Trump from Himself?

— Michael Brendan Dougherty is a senior writer at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23479,"The ‘Right’ to Health Care

There isn’t one.

By Kevin D. Williamson — May 7, 2017

With the American Health Care Act dominating the week’s news, one conversation has been unavoidable: Someone — someone who pays attention to public policy — will suggest that we pursue policy x, y, or z, and someone else — someone who pays a little less careful attention, who probably watches a lot of cable-television entertainment masquerading as news — responds: “The first thing we have to do is acknowledge that health care is a human right!” What follows is a moment during which the second speaker visibly luxuriates in his display of empathy and virtue, which is, of course, the point of the exercise.

It’s kind of gross, but that’s where we are, politically, as a country.

Here is a thought experiment: You have four children and three apples. You would like for everyone to have his own apple. You go to Congress, and you successfully persuade the House and the Senate to endorse a joint resolution declaring that everyone has a right to an apple of his own. A ticker-tape parade is held in your honor, and you share your story with Oprah, after which you are invited to address the United Nations, which passes the International Convention on the Rights of These Four Kids in Particular to an Individual Apple Each. You are visited by the souls of Mohandas Gandhi and Mother Teresa, who beam down approvingly from a joint Hindu-Catholic cloud in Heaven.

Question: How many apples do you have?

You have three apples, dummy. Three. You have four children. Each of those children has a congressionally endorsed, U.N.-approved, saint-ratified right to an apple of his own. But here’s the thing: You have three apples and four children. Nothing has changed.

Declaring a right in a scarce good is meaningless. It is a rhetorical gesture without any application to the events and conundrums of the real world. If the Dalai Lama were to lead 10,000 bodhisattvas in meditation, and the subject of that meditation was the human right to health care, it would do less good for the cause of actually providing people with health care than the lowliest temp at Merck does before his second cup of coffee on any given Tuesday morning.

Health care is physical, not metaphysical. It consists of goods, such as penicillin and heart stents, and services, such as oncological attention and radiological expertise. Even if we entirely eliminated money from the equation, conscripting doctors into service and nationalizing the pharmaceutical factories, the basic economic question would remain.

We tend to retreat into cheap moralizing when the economic realities become uncomfortable for us. No matter the health-care model you choose — British-style public monopoly, Swiss-style subsidized insurance, pure market capitalism — you end up with rationing: Markets ration through prices, bureaucracies ration through politics. Price rationing is pretty straightforward: Think of Jesse James and his “Pay Up, Sucker!” tattoo on his palm. Political rationing is a little different: Sometimes it happens through waiting lists and the like, and sometimes it is just a question of money and clout. American progressives love the Western European medical model, but when Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi needed a pacemaker, he came to the United States to have it implanted.

Rich people always get better stuff. That’s what it means to be rich. And money is only one resource: Political connections matter enormously in some places, as might a good family name or employment in a powerful firm. If you live in one of the poorer corners of the world, you may have “free” health care, meaning that if you should become infected with HIV, you will get a free aspirin. On the other hand, the Coca-Cola Company distributes antiretroviral drugs, free of charge, to employees around the world being treated for HIV.

That may seem unfair to us. That may be unfair. It may be unfair that you have four kids and three apples. After we are done lamenting the unfairness of it all, what do we do?

After we are done lamenting the unfairness of it all, what do we do?

Ideally, we’d plant some apple trees. We would find ways to invest in medical care with an eye toward making it more effective and less expensive. There is no substitute for abundance. And the great enemy of abundance is the bias against profit. There is something deeply rooted in us that instinctively thinks we are being abused if someone else makes a profit on a deal. That is a dumb and primitive way of thinking — our world is full of wonders because it is profitable to invent them, build them, and sell them — but the angel is forever handcuffed to the ape.

Ten years ago, I was in the office of a very fancy doctor who was always very pleased to see me, because I paid him out of pocket — my insurance card said “American Express” on it. If you can do this, I recommend it. The medical experience is very different when there is cash on the barrelhead: Appointments are kept, prices are known and negotiated beforehand, telephone calls are answered. Markets work, if you let them. My doctor had a picture on his wall in which he was posing with a Ferrari — one of his Ferraris. I was driving a Saturn VUE at the time. This seemed wrong in some way.

“I think I am paying you too much,” I said.

He took a pensive moment, and responded: “Do you really want a doctor who can’t afford a Ferrari?”

Well?

READ MORE:

Health-Care Politics: We’re All Murderers Now

Health Care, From the Top: We Cannot Vote Away Scarcity

Why Shouldn’t Women Pay More for Health Insurance?

– Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
695462,"Al Sharpton, Racial Arsonist, Not Arbiter

By Carol Iannone — April 13, 2007

It is unconscionable that Al Sharpton has any stature at all as an arbiter of racial issues in our society today. Watching him pronounce on Don Imus’s admittedly disgusting and blameworthy remarks about the Rutgers women’s basketball team is infuriating. Not only did Sharpton perpetrate a hoax and harass an innocent man with fake charges of rape and abusive behavior in the Tawana Brawley episode, but he also made racially incendiary remarks at another juncture about “white interlopers” in Harlem which resulted in an act of arson against a white-owned business that took the lives of several people. He should be entirely discredited, or at the very least he should never be able to appear without every reporter and interviewer confronting him with the complete list of the outrages and injustices that he has perpetrated. Anyone who interviews him without doing that is not a journalist but a dupe. (Unfortunately, even if interviewers do confront him, it is often ineffective, because Sharpton outtalks them and they are too cowed or too slow to come back with more specifics and really nail him down.)",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241058,"The Left’s ‘Ecuador’ Chevron Suit in Tatters

By Jack Fowler — May 21, 2013

How sweet it is to see this crazed liberal plot to bilk Chevron, with the cahoots and participation of Ecuador’s executive and judicial branches, continue to come apart at its seamy seams.

This caper (which I have written about before) goes like this: Take a scheming trial lawyer (Steven Donziger), a hell-bent leftist group (Amazon Defense Front), bucks from a venture capitalist (Burford Capital), political juice from a huge D.C. lobbying firm (Patton Boggs), a concocted story about poorly remediated long-ago oil drilling by a rich-company target, a handful of poor “indigenous” people with bogus medical claims, set the entire shebang in a country hostile to U.S. corporations and open to complicity in a corporate shakedown, complete with buyable judges and court-appointed “experts,” and you’ve got what has been happening the past 20 years to Chevron.

They’re not exactly a sympathetic defendant. Who would feel sorry for the oil giant? What would stand in the way of its fleecing?

Turns out, the truth.

The latest wheel to fall off the plaintiff’s bus concerns the Ecuadoran judge, Nicolas Lozada, who once granted a $$19 billion judgment against Chevron. Seems like his decision may have had a pricetag on it. And that it was written by the plaintiffs. Forbes has a major report here. A taste of it:

Based on evidence Chevron has introduced in a civil Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) case in federal court in Manhattan, U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan held in March that there was probable cause to believe that the judgment, which the Amazon Defense Front is currently trying to enforce against the oil giant in the courts of Canada, Argentina, and Brazil, was in fact secretly written by the Front’s own lawyers, who were allegedly given that opportunity by the then presiding Ecuadorian judge, Nicolás Zambrano Lozada, in exchange for a promise of $$500,000 from the recovery. Last month, lawyers for the Front filed in Manhattan federal court a six-page written declaration signed by Zambrano asserting that he had, in fact, written the ruling himself and denying acceptance of any proffered bribes. But Zambrano’s failure to defend his assertions in person and under cross-examination yesterday make it likely that his declaration will be stricken from the record and accorded no evidentiary weight. (Judge Kaplan ordered that depositions of Ecuadorian witnesses in the Manhattan RICO case be held in Lima, Peru, rather than Ecuador, in the face of evidence that Chevron lawyers would face reprisals and possible criminal prosecution if they set foot in Ecuador.)

Meanwhile, a Canadian judge has told Amazon Defense Front to pound sand in its multi-national attempt to claim Chevron assets. It comes as another big legal blow to the lefties (in the U.S., eight federal courts have found the Ecuador trial tainted by fraud), as Fortune reports.

And then there are these other setbacks and events:

Chevron has filed fraud and deceit counterclaims against Patton Boggs, based upon mounting evidence of misconduct by the Washington lobbyist monolith

Stratus Consulting, the lead environmental consultants to the Ecuadorian plaintiffs’ lawyers, provided sworn declarations (here and here), highlighting the lack of scientific merit to the plaintiffs’ damage claims.

Litigation hedge fund Burford Capital has provided a sworn declaration outlining the firm’s knowledge of the plaintiffs’ lawyers’ misconduct, testifying that the proceeding is irredeemably tainted by fraud. David Russell, the original scientific expert used by the plaintiffs to club Chevron, has just filed a powerful and damaging affidavit in U.S. court charging monkey business, baldly stating “I have personal knowledge that [Donzinger] and the plaintiffs’ representatives have tainted the legal process in Ecuador and are lying about the environmental conditions there.”

So the plaintiffs and their henchmen are at each others’ throats. Beautiful. And richly deserved.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
684428,"Barack Obama’s Memoir Will Be His Final Sermon

The 44th president is already hard at work on the articulation of his legacy.

By Michael Knox Beran — January 21, 2017

The memoir is, probably, the thing that makes the prospect of giving it up at all palatable. President Obama is by nature an intellectual, and eight years of hard labor as a man of action can only have strengthened his appetite for the luxuries of a literary life.

Yet the book itself will almost certainly disappoint: Presidential memoirs are by definition incredible, are implicitly not to be believed. The story of most presidencies is one of pride chastened, of egotism rebuked. But it is not a story presidents find easy to tell. “All the dogmatic stations in life,” Henry Adams said, “have the effect of fixing a certain stiffness of attitude forever.” Having been, successively, schoolteacher, senator, and president, Obama has been too long a professional dogmatist to be a supple and candid memoirist.

The saints themselves, when, as with Augustine, they have tried their hand at autobiography, have succeeded only by confessing themselves sinners. You can’t write a persuasive confession without an element of self-loathing. But two terms in the bully pulpit have only reinforced President Obama’s penchant for righteous preaching. The book will be a sermon, and its moral will be predictable: Plot the coordinates of the arc of justice, and you will find (mirabile dictu) that they roughly correspond to those of the president’s own legacy.

Ever since Theodore Sorensen published The Kennedy Legacy in 1969, it has been incumbent on presidents to exaggerate the gifts they are bequeathing to posterity. Kennedy, however, had not been long enough in office to amass a substantial estate, and Sorensen was forced to an expedient. “Not by accident is ‘hope’ a recurring word” in his book, the historian Ronald Steel observed, “for if ever there was a politics of hope, it was that practiced by the Kennedys. . . . The legacy they left is the enduring hope that somehow things would have been better were they still here.”

Two years after The Kennedy Legacy appeared, Lyndon Johnson brought out his riposte, The Vantage Point: Perspectives of the Presidency. If, in Johnson’s view, the Kennedys left a mass of insubstantial dreams, he himself handed down a king’s ransom of legislative treasure. Shrewdly appraising the literary value of his volume, he made the case for his legacy in the endpapers, a catalogue of the Acts of Congress enacted during his presidency — a gesture for which the reader, spared the task of making his way through several hundred pages of Doris Kearns Goodwin’s prose, can only be grateful.

Obama, for his part, is already hard at work on the principal labor of his post-presidential years, his last sermon, the articulation of his legacy. He has spoken to Doris Kearns Goodwin about it. His wife has spoken to Oprah Winfrey. Since the greater part of the Obama res gestae has taken the form of administrative fiats likely to be repudiated by his successor, the president has little choice but to fall back on the Kennedy mantra of hope. It is a gospel with which he is familiar, having cribbed from it, via Jeremiah Wright, in his 2008 campaign (“hope and change”) in much the way Bill Clinton (“the man from Hope”) had in his 1992 run. Michelle Obama is already testing its rhetorical value as a legacy trope. “See, now we are feeling what not having hope feels like,” she told Oprah after the election of Donald Trump. “Hope is necessary. It’s a necessary concept, and Barack didn’t just talk about hope because he thought it was just a nice slogan to get votes.”

But the ghost of LBJ, too, will haunt the Obama legacy sermon. Jack Kennedy and Bill Clinton might have given America hope, but the current occupant of the White House has given us something more — the Affordable Care Act.

Even so, the descent has been hard. Eight years ago Obama was practically a vegetation god, hailed by delirious crowds at home and abroad as the redeemer of a barren time; he could speak, quite un-self-consciously, of the moment when “the perfection begins,” one that he equated with his own ascent to power.

Yet within a year of his inauguration, the forces of equilibrium had begun to reassert themselves, and the redemptive prophet became a figure of ordinary time. He was still the biggest guy on the planet, with the grandest pulpit and most sought-after airplane. But in relying on the institutional bulwarks of the presidency to insulate himself from the reality of unfulfilled hopes, he tacitly admitted that he was not the charismatic man of destiny he had seemed to be. A charismatic leader is by Weberian definition not a creature of institutions and protocols. He rises above them.

Obama came to depend on the very bureaucratic and procedural machinery a genuinely charismatic leader transcends. Ronald Reagan, reaching out to the nation in 1981, compelled a House dominated by Democrats to pass his reforms; and in implementing his program he brought the bulk of the country along with him, an achievement signalized by his carrying 49 of 50 states in 1984. Obama, on the contrary, was unable to move the nation, and after losing his congressional majorities descended to the humiliating expedient of issuing executive ukases, a confession of both political ineptitude and charismatic impotence. The would-be transformer became a prisoner of the institutional cage of the modern presidency, a conventional pol who relied on the trappings of his office to disguise the hollowness of his leadership.

A prisoner of his presidency, Obama is still more poignantly a victim of the Calvinist hangover that has long colored American politics. Secularize redemption, and you can build the New Jerusalem in the mortal here-and-now. The vision is not exclusively progressive or Democratic; both Lincoln and Reagan invoked it, the one with his “new birth of freedom” (a paraphrase of John 3:3), the other with his “shining city on a hill” (a reworked conceit of the Puritans). But where Lincoln and Reagan invoked the vision to remove existing evils (slavery in the one case, intrusive government in the other), progressives interpret it as a mandate to use the state to create new goods.

“It is in the power of government to prevent much evil,” Edmund Burke said; “it can do very little positive good.” The attempt to do such good typically ends in disappointment. The canny FDR recognized this and by 1940 was deploring the naïveté of progressive “utopians.” Bill Clinton made a comparable shift after the 1994 midterm elections. Both knew when to break with the sermon.

Obama is different. The sermon has dominated his presidency in a way not seen since LBJ or Woodrow Wilson. This is ironic, for more than most presidents, Obama, who, according to the New York Times, prefers “conversation touching on art, architecture, and literature” to political talk, might be expected to understand the shortcomings of the sermon as an instrument of moral art. Its weakness lies in its verbosity. The Calvinist prized the art of the word above all others, and despised as idolatrous and pagan those rival arts that had long played a part in the creation of civilized order. The soft compulsion of traditions and customary usages, of rituals, of art brought into the midst of life to promote a harmonious manner of living — it was as essential to the infrastructure of Western life, its manners and mores, as laws and regulations. More so, perhaps, or so Plato suggested in the Laws.

Yet in America the Calvinist sermon was for a long time practically the country’s only moral art. Our earliest prophets — John Winthrop, the Mathers, Jonathan Edwards — were all predisposed to it; Emerson and Thoreau merely secularized it. And although in our literature we have transcended it, the sermon remains the characteristic expression of our politics, and goes far to explain our blindness to those constituents of humane order that are not purely verbal. The sermon is a thing of words: When we sermonize a problem, we throw words at it. The words are printed in books and enacted as laws — Draco’s “black artillery,” in Melville’s image. But you cannot rear a really healthy civilization on a foundation of words alone, though they be those of the Constitution itself.

Words, however, have been Obama’s life, and the sermon his raison d’être. Don’t look for him to depart from it as he leaves the White House.

— Michael Knox Beran, a contributing editor of City Journal, is the author of Forge of Empires: Three Revolutionary Statesmen and the World They Made, 1861–1871, among other books. This article appeared in the January 23, 2017, issue of National Review.

* National Review magazine content is typically available only to paid subscribers. Due to the immediacy of this article, it has been made available to you for free. To enjoy the full complement of exceptional National Review magazine content, sign up for a subscription today. A special discounted rate is available for you here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
284683,"As I argued earlier this week, all the evidence suggests that Hillary Clinton 2016 is well underway. And for that reason, everyone should watch Thursday’s BBC Newsnight interview with the former secretary of state. At first glance, Clinton comes across as articulate, even charismatic. Admittedly benefiting from an uncharacteristically friendly Jeremy Paxman (renowned for his aggressive interviews), Clinton exudes confidence and composure. What she says, however, defies belief.

Consider:

Wonderland 1: Clinton won’t support U.S. assistance to the Iraqi government until Prime Minister Maliki makes concessions.

Reality: Maliki must certainly make concessions. But if the U.S. fails to provide intelligence and air capabilities immediately, as I explain here, Maliki is likely to jump into the arms of Iran. That outcome would be a disaster. The Iranians are a mafia foreign-policy outfit; they’ll use this opportunity to save Maliki and then turn him into a puppet. No one is talking about a re-invasion of Iraq, but for Clinton to push off intervention in order to ingratiate herself with liberal voters is pathetic and absurd. The way to get concessions from Maliki is to save him with intelligence assets that only the U.S. can provide, and then tell him that future U.S. support (which he knows he needs) will be contingent upon his reforms.

Wonderland 2: Clinton claims that the Russian reset was a “brilliant stroke” that appears “even more so” today.

Reality: I laughed when she said that. Because it’s a ludicrous comment. Clinton lists a number of supposed successes of the reset. These include the New START arms-control treaty (which Putin wanted as much as Obama did ) and tougher Iran sanctions (which Putin endorsed and since then has ignored at a whim). In reality, the reset has been a failure of catastrophic proportions. It has enabled Putin to put Ukraine under siege, help Assad continue to gas his fellow Syria ns , and to undermine American leadership around the world. This, apparently, is Clinton’s measure of success.

Wonderland 3: Clinton condemns the eastern-Ukraine referendums on sovereignty and then suggests that future elections would be legitimate.

Reality: In making that suggestion, Clinton has effectively embraced the partition of Ukraine. In short, she has given Putin exactly what he wants. The inhabitants of eastern Ukraine are likely to vote overwhelmingly to leave Ukraine. Once again, it’s ludicrous.

Wonderland 4: Clinton implicitly claims that the U.K.’s successful austerity program means that Britain can play an important role in shaping future EU governance. She’s right.

Reality: Unfortunately, Clinton, along with the rest of the Obama administration, opposed the U.K. austerity program — which succeeded in cutting spending while restoring economic growth. Clinton is now engaging in blatant hypocrisy.

Wonderland 5: Clinton says she is “very proud” of what President Obama has done.

Reality: Reality.

— Tom Rogan is a blogger and a columnist for the Daily Telegraph. He is based in Washington, D.C., and tweets @TomRtweets.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
907643,"Anti-abortion advocates are planning an aggressive strategy at both the state and the federal level. At a National Right to Life Committee state strategy conference last week — hastily convened after activists realized the extent of their legislative gains — the anti-abortion lobby announced it would focus on three model laws that have already seen some success on the ground...

Alongside the fetal pain legislation, advocates see two other paths forward: pushing laws that would require an ultrasound to be shown to the patient prior to an abortion, similar to an Oklahoma law, as well as bills that would bar insurance coverage of abortion in the health insurance exchanges that come online in 2014.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241885,"Java Jive

By James Lileks — October 20, 2014, Issue

A faded sign on a hotel wall in Fargo, N.D.: “Just a cup of coffee to you, but a reputation to us.” I always appreciated the fear in the sentiment. They knew they were one weak ration of jake away from losing a customer for good. Although sometimes people think coffee has a bad reputation for serious, moral reasons. Here’s a headline from the New York Times’ new “Op-Talk” online section: “If you read this, you may never drink a latte again.”

You know where it’s going, don’t you? Of course. Let’s guess:

1. Coffee is bad, because most of it is grown in countries with poor human-rights records that were given aid by Reagan, so the Gipper’s sharp teeth gleam in the flickering light of hell every time you brew a cup. Boo. But coffee is also a sign of one’s exquisite taste, if it’s artisanal, expensive, locally roasted one bean at a time, and conjured up by aloof young men with preposterous mustaches who fuss over a cold-press ration, hand over the cup as if they’d just made a Fabergé egg, then ban the customer for adding too much milk.

No progressive wants to feel bad about his coffee. So he buys fair-trade shade-grown coffee hand-picked by indigenous peoples who send the beans north in the only possible ethical method: secreted in the digestive tracts of children who cross the border for a better life. You’re actually surprised when the bag of Ethical Coffee doesn’t have a picture of the kid on the back, along with the date of the immigration-status appointment he didn’t keep.

2. So coffee can be good. Whew. But then there’s the milky part of the latte. It comes from cows, who have been subjugated by man into a role they never chose. In a just world cows would be free, and would wander over when they were in a giving mood and have a mutually beneficial, non-exploitive relationship with the milker. But factory dairies force cows to lactate on schedule, hooked up to cold machinery; really, the cartons with the pictures of perfect farms should have Arbeit macht frei on a sign over the barn door.

There’s the issue of bovine growth hormones, which might combine with vaccines and household-cleaning chemicals and sippy-cup plastics to produce autism. Could happen! My friend accidentally gave her cat milk that had bovine growth hormone and now the cat just walks around doing what it wants and doesn’t seem concerned at all with how her owner is feeling.

So lattes might be a problem. Having lined up the straw men and opened up the flamethrower nozzle, let’s see what the article really says.

To some, drinking [a latte] makes you a snob. To others, it makes you a spendthrift. But neither of these perceptions may be particularly accurate — and in fact, the latte can tell us a lot about how America thinks about food, work, and money.

Ah! Of course! It’s about class. The Right may think lattes are for foppish men who can’t take their jake straight the way God and John Wayne intended, but it’s more complicated than that. It’s always more complicated than that.

The notion that lattes are a sign of privilege may be off-base. Kyla Wazana Tompkins, a professor of English and gender and women’s studies who’s a former food journalist and the author of “Racial Indigestion: Eating Bodies in the 19th Century,” told Op-Talk that “the latte, while it may be attached on a certain level to too much upper-class food knowledge and pretension, it really is no longer an upper-class drink. . . . It’s important to think about the explosion of all of these industrialized lattes, all these frozen lattes, all the Frappuccinos, as links to a larger problem of creating cheap, high-calorie, low-nutrition food for working-class people.”

You think you’re doing well because you can afford the latte. But it’s a lie. The lattes, which are frozen, are links. The links indicate the larger problem. The larger problem results from the industrialized lattes. Which are exploding.

For Ms. Tompkins, the way we talk about lattes — as signifier of wealth when they’re not, as bank-breaking indulgence when they may not be — is a symptom of something larger.

Well, no one ever got tenure saying that sometimes a latte is just a latte. But linger for a moment over that wonderful phrase: the way we talk about lattes. We have reached a point in human civilization at which it is not enough to write about the fact that people talk about a milky coffee beverage. Our attention must be brought to the way they talk about it.

“The latte as a symbol has sort of disengaged itself from the actual use and the consumption of the latte as commodity,” she said. “How does the symbolism of a thing get dislodged from the ways in which it’s actually used and actually consumed?”

I don’t know. With a penknife? Rocking it back and forth until it pops out? Maybe I should go get one and consume it with no more thought than the pleasure of the drink itself, shorn of its meaning and context and class signifiers. I’ll just regard it as a cup of coffee. Is that nihilism or anarchism or an individual journey to seek the Platonic ideal? Hard to tell, but it has to mean something, so you can judge the reasons for my latte consumption.

It’s just a cup of coffee to me, but it’s my reputation to you.

– Mr. Lileks blogs at www.lileks.com.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434689,"Bomb, Occupy, or Neither?

Blowing apart a problem for a while is different from ending it for good.

By Victor Davis Hanson — October 2, 2014

Wars usually end only when the defeated aggressor believes it would be futile to resume the conflict. Lasting peace follows if the loser is then forced to change its political system into something other than what it was.

Republican Rome learned that bitter lesson through three conflicts with Carthage before ensuring that there was not going to be a fourth Punic War.

Germany fought three aggressive wars before it was finally defeated, occupied, and reinvented.

America defeated Nazi Germany, fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan, inflicting such damage that they were all unable to continue their resistance. And then, unlike its quick retreat home after World War I, America occupied — and still has bases in — all three.

Does anyone believe that Japan, Italy, and Germany would now be allies of the U.S. had the Truman administration removed all American military bases from those countries by 1948?

The controversial Korean War succeeded in saving a non-Communist South Korea. The U.S. military inflicted terrible punishment on Communist Korean and Chinese aggressors. Then, America occupied South Korea to prevent another attack from the North. The world of Samsung and Kia eventually followed.

There are still American peacekeepers in the Balkans following the 1999 defeat of Slobodan Milosevic and his removal from the Serbian government. Does anyone think that we can now pull all NATO troops out of the Balkans and expect Orthodox Christians, Catholics, Muslims, Slavs, Croats, and other assorted nationalities and religions to live peacefully and not involve the world again in their brutal ancient rivalries?

In contrast, examine what has happened when the United States pounded an enemy, then just up and left.

By 1974, South Vietnam was viable. A peace treaty with North Vietnam was still holding. But after Watergate, the destruction of the Richard Nixon presidency, serial cutoffs of U.S. aid, and the removal of all U.S. peacekeeping troops, the North Vietnamese easily walked in and enslaved the South.

It was easy to bomb Moammar Qaddafi out of power — and easier still for President Obama to boast that he would never send in ground troops to sort out the ensuing mess in Libya. What followed was a Congo-like miasma, leading to the Benghazi attacks on our consulate and the killing of four U.S. personnel.

We can brag that U.S. ground troops did not follow our bombs and missiles into Libya. But the country is now more a terrorist haven than it was under Qaddafi — and may come back to haunt us still more.

When Obama entered office, Iraq was largely quiet. Six prior years of American blood and treasure had finally led to the end of the genocidal Saddam Hussein regime and the establishment of a constitutional system that was working under the close supervision of American peacekeepers.

Then, for the price of a reelection talking point — “I ended the war in Iraq” — Obama pulled out every American peacekeeper. The result is now the chaos of a growing Islamic State.

Apparently, Obama himself recognizes his error. When our troops were still monitoring the Iraqi peace, he and Vice President Joe Biden proclaimed Iraq to be “stable” and their likely “greatest” achievement. But when the country imploded after they had bragged about pulling out troops, Obama blamed the decision on someone else.

The unpopular, costly occupations of both Afghanistan and Iraq were not, as charged, neoconservative fantasies about utopian democracy-building. Instead, they were desperate, no-win reactions to past failed policies.

After we armed Islamists to force the Soviets out of Afghanistan in 1989, we forgot about the chaotic country. The Clinton administration periodically blew up things with cruise missiles there on rumors of Osama bin Laden’s whereabouts. An al-Qaeda base for the 9/11 attacks followed.

After expelling Saddam Hussein’s forces from Kuwait and leaving Iraq in 1991, no-fly-zones, a resurgent and conniving Saddam, and Operation Desert Fox followed. The aim of the second Iraq war, of 2003, was to end the conflict for good by replacing Saddam with something better than what we had left after the first war.

It is popular to think that America’s threats can be neutralized by occasional use of missiles, bombs, and drones without much cost. But blowing apart a problem for a while is different from ending it for good. The latter aim requires just the sort of unpopular occupations that calmed the Balkans, and had done the same in Iraq by 2011.

Obama now promises to destroy the Islamic State in Syria, solely through air power. And he assures that he will safely pull nearly all U.S. troops out of Afghanistan at the end of the year.

More likely, Syria will remain a dangerous mess like Libya, and Afghanistan will end up like Vietnam or Iraq.

Victory on the ground and occupations can end a problem but are unpopular and costly.

Bombing is easy, forgettable, and ends up mostly as a temporary Band-Aid.

If we cannot or will not solve the problem on the ground, end an enemy power, and then reconstitute its government, then it is probably better to steer clear altogether than to blow up lots of people and things — and simply go home.

— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]. © 2014 Tribune Media Services, Inc.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
213824,"Katrina Trinko

Katrina Trinko is a political reporter for National Review. Trinko is also a member of USA TODAY’S Board of Contributors, and her work has been published in various media outlets including the Washington Times and Acculturated. She has appeared on radio programs across the country and has made multiple TV appearances, including on MSNBC. Trinko is a Publius Fellow at the Claremont Institute, and a graduate of Thomas Aquinas College.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
484347,"In a move that appears to be his first post-election concession to Republicans, President Obama is set to announce a two-year freeze in civilian pay for federal workers — excluding military personnel — according to White House press release. The freeze will save $$2 billion for the remainder of the current fiscal year, and $$28 billion over the next five years. It will also require the approval of Congress.

In explaining its decision, the administration made sure to include an obligatory shot at the Bush administration, and went out of its way to insist that the move was in no way a post-shellacking readjustment of any kind:

Because of the irresponsibility of the past decade, the President inherited a $$1.3 trillion projected deficit upon taking office and an economic crisis that threatened to put the nation into a second Great Depression. He moved quickly to get the economy moving again. Now, the economy is growing, and we have gained private sector jobs for the past 10 months. But families and businesses are still hurting, and our top priority is making sure that we are doing everything we can to help boost economic growth and spur job creation.



Now, we need to turn our attention to addressing the massive deficits we inherited and the unsustainable fiscal course that we are on. Doing so will take some very tough choices. Just as families and businesses around the nation have tightened their belts so must their government. That must be done in a targeted way that focuses our investments in what works and in what will lay the foundation for job creation and economic growth for years to come while cutting back elsewhere in our budget.

As far as commitments to addressing the budget deficit go, it’s half-hearted at best. Still, it’s a start. White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer and OMB Deputy Director for Management Jeffrey Zients said the decision was “consistent” with actions the President has already taken to make government more efficient. Right. Zients declined to say whether the size of the federal workforce was being considered for a freeze or reduction, but that such considerations are being included in next year’s budget process.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
637482,"No, U.S. Schools Aren’t ‘Resegregating’

By Roger Clegg — May 18, 2016

The front-page headline on the Washington Post today screams, “New data shows U.S. schools are resegregating.”

Not true. Segregation means the government separating students by race and telling them it is illegal for students of one race to attend the same schools as students of another race. So the number of segregated public schools in the United States today is . . . zero.

What is being complained about, instead, are racial “imbalances” that come about, not as a result of racist laws, but because of residential living patterns and the general practice of assigning children to schools that are near where they live. Deliberately assigning children to schools on the basis of skin color — which, ironically, is what the Left wants in order to correct these “imbalances” — is bad policy and illegal, in light of not only Brown v. Board of Education but, more recently, the Supreme Court’s 2007 decision in Parents Involved in Community Schools v. Seattle School District No. 1.

Assigning students on the basis of skin color can hurt minority students as well as nonminority students. As the GAO study that the Post story discusses notes, “Further, according to officials, some magnets with openings could not accept minority students because doing so would interfere with the ratio of minority to non-minority students that the district was trying to achieve.” A St. Louis-area public school system was recently sued for refusing to admit a black student because, well, he was black, and that would have interfered with the politically correct racial mix being sought.

There’s more: The Post article also mixes poverty into the equation, but of course here again the fact that rich children live in different neighborhoods than poor children, and therefore are likely to attend different schools, is a very different phenomenon than Jim Crow segregation. And defining “resegregation” can be tricky, especially when there are more than two ethnic groups involved and where the number of white students relative to nonwhites is declining anyhow, as the Post story acknowledges.

It is true that some public schools are better than others, and that the schools that rich kids go to will often be better than the schools that poor kids go to, and there’s nothing wrong with trying to improve all schools. What’s even better is giving parents more choice in where to send their children, though of course this is less popular with the Left, because it is unpopular with teachers’ unions.

In any event, there is no reason to use the racial makeup of a school as a proxy for whether it is a good school or a bad school. In fact, that would be racist, wouldn’t it?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
567972,"This afternoon, more than 1,000 students, parents, and concerned citizens gathered across from city hall to rally in support of the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship program. A number of prominent D.C. leaders spoke, including former mayor Anthony Williams and former councilmember Kevin Chavous. But the most moving speeches were from the parents and students participating in the scholarship program. High-school student Carlos Battle spoke about how he was personally working to redefine the image of the black teen in Washington, D.C. — and how the Opportunity Scholarship program was giving him a chance to fulfill his dream. A father of a scholarship student pointed out the hypocrisy of Congress bailing out failing corporations but taking scholarships away from D.C. students.

The rally was held on Pennsylvania Avenue across the street from the D.C. City Council. The gathering was focused on encouraging D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty and the City Council to join the fight for continuing the scholarship program. Of course, parents and students also were hoping that their voices were heard two blocks away at the White House.

The Obama administration has promised to “fund what works” in education. But so far they have stood by quietly — allowing liberals on Capitol Hill to end the scholarship program. A few weeks ago, after a new report was released showing that D.C. Opportunity Scholarship program was improving students’ reading scores, Secretary Arne Duncan’s Department of Education sent letters to D.C. parents informing them that their children were no longer eligible for scholarships. These families, who recently applied to enter the program, had recently been told that their students had received a scholarship.

But the Washington Post reports that the administration will now call for the scholarship program to be continued for students who are currently participating. If this happens, it will avoid the p.r. disaster of seeing disadvantaged children, including two of the Obama children’s classmates, pulled from their private schools. But it will deny current and future D.C. families the same power that President Obama and Secretary Duncan take for granted.

If the purpose is to “fund what works,” why shouldn’t more kids be given the opportunity to participate in a program that has proven to improve the reading achievement of disadvantaged kids? To paraphrase Virginia Walden Ford of D.C. Parents for School Choice at today’s rally, we shouldn’t be satisfied until all families — regardless of background — can choose a quality school for their children.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
166919,"The student government at University of California–Davis apologized for bringing a sumo wrestling fat suit on campus after people freaked out that it was racist — and now, at least one offended student is saying that their apology just wasn’t enough for something so serious.

“My overall impression is that this conversation is in itself an expression of white supremacist anti-Asian structural racism,” cultural studies Ph.D. student Scott Tsuchitani said in an e-mail to the California Aggie, the school’s student newspaper.

“Asian Americans are treated as mute, hapless victims, devoid of agency, a.k.a. the ‘model minority’ stereotype,” Tsuchitani continued. “That is what I see being reinscribed by this conversation.”

According to the Aggie, the Associated Students of the University of California–Davis (ASUCD) had brought the suits on campus so kids could put them on and wrestle each other as a fun little activity at the school’s block party . . . but it didn’t really work out that way:

“The activity immediately drew criticism from members of the student body, who accused ASUCD of fat shaming and culturally appropriating Japanese culture,” the article states. “According to the students who raised this issue to ASUCD, the sumo suits trivialized Japanese culture and the history of Japanese rikishi or sumo wrestlers.”

Now, the student who posted the “fat shaming” complaint on the event’s Facebook page also stated that he wanted “reparations payments” “as a Heavy-American” for having to have to endure such a suit being on campus. As Reason ’s Robby Soave points out, the ridiculousness of this specific complaint suggests that this particular student was probably just “trolling,” but that in any case, “the difficulty one has distinguishing sincere leftist outrage from satire is telling.”

After all, the Aggie included the fat-shaming complaint in its article as an example of one student’s legitimate concern . . . apparently believing that it could feasibly be considered one. And there really is no doubt that the students who complained about cultural appropriation were in fact serious, to the point that they prompted this very serious apology on the student government’s Facebook page:

To the UC Davis Community We’d like to apologize for any harm the “Sumo Suit” may have caused you all. This lapse in judgment is completely ASUCD’s fault and responsibility alone. We are thankful to the student who courageously brought this issue to our attention. We appreciated their honesty and that they took the time to include the history of the Japanese sumo wrestlers (rikishi) and that this activity could be seen as a racially insensitive to Japanese culture. This was an egregious oversight and it will hopefully not happen in the future. If you have any questions, comments, or further concerns, please send an email to [email protected]

Yes, the apology used the word “courageously” to refer to the student who protested the suits – which is the exact kind of attitude that encourages these insane complaints in the first place. After all, why bother to do anything actually brave if people are going to call you brave for whining? And why, after being praised for whining, would you stop whining after being issued a simple apology? Tsuchitani certainly didn’t:

“It is pitiful that the ASUCD would pathologize the so-called victims as in need of treatment instead of reflecting more deeply on what is needed to address ASUCD’s own failure in this situation,” he said. “From my limited perspective, I would suggest that the foremost need for treatment might well be for cultural competency training for ASUCD itself.”

Really? Because “from my limited perspective,” I kind of feel like it might be more appropriate to require “how to exist as a regular human being competency training” for anyone who would actually suggest something so insane. But what do I know? After all, I’m not a cultural studies Ph.D. student . . .and we all know those kids know everything.

— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.

Update: The student who posted the “fat shaming” complaint has confirmed to Reason that he was, indeed, trolling.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
908835,"Time to Ax California’s Stem Cell Agency

By Wesley J. Smith — December 12, 2013

Proposition 71, which brought the misbegotten California Institute for Regenerative Medicine into being, was sold to voters in a blatantly mendacious campaign based on embryonic stem cell hype of CURES! CURES! CURES! and outright lies about the then state of regenerative medical science.

Its administration has been marked by arrogance, conflict of interest, cronyism. And the CURES!? Not so many. In fact, none. And the human trial CIRM helped bring to that stage of experimentation? Non embryonic.

Now, hopefully, with its time running out and requiring voters to re-authorize its existence, the media is being ginned up to revise history and repackage the agency–as in this factually challenged Bloomberg story, byline Mark Melnicoe:

California voters approved the bonds after President George W. Bush banned the use of federal funds for research on embryonic stem cells.

Good grief, he did not!” This is so frustrating: It has been 12 years and media still refuse–or are too incompetent–to report the Bush policy accurately. Bush refused funding for ESCR from newly destroyed embryos. Research on existing lines were funded by NIH to the tune of hundreds of millions during the Bush years. And we wonder why journalism has lost so much respect.

But to the bigger point. The CIRM is scrambling to look good so voters will borrow billions more to pay its administrators’ high salaries and give tens of millions in grants to university research labs–many of which, it should be noted have huge endowment funds–with taxpayer’s borrowed money! Then, there is the corporate welfare issue…

And guess what? Most of the grants CIRM makes are no longer for embryonic work–as the Bloomberg story lightly discusses:

Since then, other types of stem cells have been shown to act like embryonic cells, relieving some of the debate over the ethics of destroying human embryos to use the cells. The agency’s funding decisions have included a grant of $$20 million to a team led by Irv Weissman at the Stanford University School of Medicine, seeking a cure for cancer.

Induced pluripotent stem cell and adult stem cell research constitute the bulk of CIRM funding, that and hundreds of millions into fancy buildings.

We can’t let history be rewritten: The raison d’ etre of the CIRM was to fund ethically controversial research supposedly restricted by the FEDS, e.g. embryonic and human cloning. That purpose no longer can be justified–if it ever could (see above).

And remember, this is all borrowed money. California is still swimming in deep red ink. We don’t have the money–and it really isn’t a state function, at least in lean times–to fund stem cell research of whatever kind or nature.

So, fellow Californians, let’s not be fooled. When this thing comes up for election again in 14: Kill it!",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
685308,"Down Goes Frazier!

By Daniel Foster — October 3, 2012

Romney probably didn’t win by as much as it felt like he did, but he definitely won by not losing. Both campaigns spent the last week lowering expectations. Romney’s campaign wins the dubious honor of having lowered expectations better, but he also won the legitimate honor of having over-delivered more.

Don’t get me wrong. I don’t think Obama was that bad. The problem for Obama was that he roughly hit expectations. Romney vastly exceeded them.

A couple of the Romney “zingers” much derided on the Internet actually stung. “Trickle down government.” “The economy tax.” “Look at the evidence of the last four years.” “I’ve been in business for 15 years. I have no idea what you’re talking about.” “I love Big Bird.” (Okay, just kidding about that one.) The best substantive zinger was Romney pointing out that the oil subsidies the president is always droning on about gave just over $$2 billion away, while the green-energy subsidies the president is always on about gave over $$90 billion away. Government isn’t just picking winners and losers, Romney added, it’s only picking the losers!

Romney expertly walked a fine line between saying things that will excite the Republican base and saying things that will woo swing voters. He cut through the image of him as an unthinking, out-of-touch plutocrat and got personal, telling stories about voters he’s met on the trail. He was both extraordinarily well prepared with numbers and naturally at ease in the format. He surprised me.

By contrast, Obama shrugged, looked down, ummed and ahhed, and most notably, appealed to the moderator when things got rough. (“Jim, you may want to move on to another topic.”) Romney was clearly much better prepared, both tonally and with policy specifics, than the Obama camp counted on. Obama was never really seriously rattled, but he looked like he thought he could win by running down the clock. He couldn’t.

Mike Murphy just made a great point (no surprise) on Charlie Rose: Romney in the debate looked much better than the Romney campaign. Obama in the debate looked much worse than the Obama campaign. And to be sure, the Romney campaign will have to sieze on this moment and, hopefully, a couple of better polls, and force Americans to give him a second look. This wasn’t a “game changer”, but it might possibly have set the stage for a game changer.

MSNBC is melting down. The Left’s recriminations are coming at warp speed. The next debate could be an Obama blowout, for all we know, but for the moment, rejoice. This Romney guy is sounding like somebody you might actually vote for.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
649151,"Broken-Down Farm

By The Editors — July 25, 2007

The arguments against the U.S. farm program are numerous and compelling. In an op-ed in Tuesday’s Los Angeles Times, the Heritage Foundation’s Brian Riedl laid them out succinctly: The program is nothing more than a massive income transfer from American taxpayers to a small handful of very large producers who grow just a few crops; the program can’t be serving the purposes its defenders claim it does — ensuring a stable food supply and keeping farmers out of poverty — considering that a majority of American farmers do just fine without government aid; and disputes over the large U.S. and EU farm-subsidy programs have opened an apparently unbridgeable divide between developed and developing countries in the current round of multilateral trade talks. The only conclusion one can reasonably draw is that the system is broken and ought to be scrapped.

But let’s put aside that ideal solution and focus on what’s possible right now. This Thursday the House of Representatives is scheduled to begin debate on the 2007 farm bill, which was reported out of the House Agriculture Committee last week. Nancy Pelosi may call the committee’s bill a “reform,” but it contains nothing worthy of that name. Indeed, it is the very embodiment of the status quo.

Large payments to landowners who don’t farm would continue. Price supports that shield farmers from market signals and result in massive surpluses would be maintained. Pelosi’s protests to the contrary, millionaires would still be eligible for large farm-subsidy payments by making use of a few loopholes in the system. A handful of agricultural giants — the top 10 percent, to be precise — would continue to receive almost three-quarters of the money, as they have every year since 1995.

Pelosi’s support will have the unfortunate effect of giving a lot of Democrats cover to vote for the bill, even though some of the nation’s most prominent environmental and rural-poverty activist groups oppose it vehemently. This is too bad. After Republicans in Congress lost their zeal for restraining, much less reducing, government spending, these activist groups started to look like they might bring the Democratic party around to the side of reform.

The Environmental Working Group, for instance, has been hammering away at Pelosi ever since she announced her support for the committee’s bill. Tuesday evening, the group published data on its website demonstrating that a provision barring payments to farmers earning over $$1 million per year would affect only 0.2 percent of all federal farm-subsidy recipients. This provision is the fig leaf of reform Pelosi invokes to convince skeptical Democrats to vote for the bill.

She might still succeed, but she will have to overcome an assault on the bill that fellow Democrat Ron Kind of Wisconsin is preparing to mount. Earlier this year Kind teamed up with conservative stalwart Jeff Flake of Arizona and proposed a plan called FARM 21, which would divert a portion of farm-subsidy payments to tax-free risk-management accounts for farmers. The plan would have yielded substantial savings, but, after Pelosi announced her support for the status quo bill, Kind and Flake realized that they would have to offer a more modest proposal if they were to have a chance at success.

Their scaled-back plan would achieve $$5–10 billion in savings over the next five years by phasing down some payments, with gradual rate cuts increasing over time at different speeds for different crops. For instance, rate cuts for corn and soybeans would be phased in more quickly, because those crops are benefiting the most from the ethanol mandate and the biofuels push.

This would at least begin to address the most urgent problems causing the international trade deadlock. It would also start to mitigate the wasteful spectacle of billions of dollars’ going to landowners who don’t farm. It would save U.S. taxpayers a modest amount of money, with a portion of the $$5-10 billion going toward deficit reduction. Most of the savings, however, would go to increased spending on conservation and nutrition programs (food stamps).

This is, sadly, a sign of the times. In 1994, a wave of conservatives took over both houses of Congress and enacted the 1996 “freedom to farm” reforms from a free-market, limited-government perspective. Those reforms fell apart over the next five years as congressional Republicans abandoned them one at a time for the sake of political expediency. In 2002, the Republican Congress enacted the most expensive farm bill in American history.

This year, a wave of Democrats has taken over both houses of Congress. The coalition Kind and Flake have built thus consists of more Democrats than Republicans, with concerns about the environment and equality replacing fiscal and personal responsibility as the primary rallying cries for the reformers.

For now, we think almost any reform along the lines of what Kind and Flake have proposed is a step in the right direction. But it is a little disheartening to see so few Republicans standing up against such a profoundly unconservative, intrusive, and wasteful government program. Republicans can’t rebuild their brand as the party of fiscal responsibility by voting right only on the easy issues. Every now and then they’re going to have to do what’s right even when it’s hard.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
658209,"Quo Vadis? The Philosophical, Spiritual Floundering of Europe in 2017

Where Christianity and cultural identity are declining in tandem

By Garland Tucker — October 21, 2017

During my recent vacation to Scotland, the National Centre for Social Research released a major new survey, which documented the continuing decline of Christianity in the U.K. The headline read: “Non-believers outnumber the faithful by widest margin yet.” This fall has been driven primarily by young people. Of those between 18 and 24 years old, 62 percent have no religion. The figures for the Church of England were devastating: The proportion of the population describing themselves as Anglican has dropped from 30 percent in 2000 to 15 percent today — with just 3 percent of 18- to-24-year-olds. In Scotland, church attendance has fallen by over half in the past 30 years.

As the import of this survey was sinking in, the archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, weighed in with a sadly telling reaction. Noting the alarming decline in young believers, he blasted the inequities of Britain’s capitalistic system, which he perceives as “failing our children.” If warmed-over socialism is all the church can offer young people, it’s no wonder they are saying “no thanks” in record numbers. How sadly ironic that the ideas of Adam Smith are criticized by someone who should fully understand capitalism’s unmatched contributions to the improvement of mankind. No economic system in the history of man has done more to lift humans, all over the globe, from poverty.

Welby should also know that it was capitalism, born of competitive innovation and consumer choice, that rebuilt Europe after World War II. The freedom to pursue personal opportunity gave life to a European rebirth. And it should be acknowledged that the sacrifice of young Americans and European allies helped make it possible. The evil of Nazi Germany, and the false ideas it stood for, were defeated because good people were willing to give their lives defending freedom on foreign soil. Why did they fight? Because the Allies shared a common view of the world — a common culture, if you will. It is important to establish that “culture” is not defined by race or country of origin; it is defined by the foundational ideas shared by each individual in a society. Europe’s cultural identity is now in question.

In Douglas Murray’s The Strange Death of Europe, the author offers a sobering assessment of modern Europe and raises unsettling questions about the future. “At any time the loss of all unifying stories about our past or ideas about what to do with our present and our future would be a serious conundrum,” Murray writes. “But during a time of momentous societal change and upheaval the results are proving fatal. The world is coming into Europe at precisely the moment that Europe has lost sight of what it is.” Most significantly, Murray questions whether Europe is still Christian. He cites the absence of any mention of Christianity in the European Union’s new constitution, written in 2000, despite the efforts of Pope John Paul II and his successor. The EU instead wraps itself in high-flown rhetoric about “human rights” without any acknowledgment of their source.

Murray traces this crisis of identity back to the late 19th century, to two seminal events. First, the textual criticism of the Bible, originating in Germany and spreading throughout the West, undermined the Biblical foundation of Western Christianity. The second seismic blow occurred simultaneously, with the development of Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution. Whereas it had been a foundational belief that a divine, awe-inspiring plan was behind all of civilization, it suddenly was widely held that science — not faith — held all the answers.

It is not difficult to see the manifestations. In Scotland, the landscape is littered with beautiful old churches that have fallen into disrepair or been recycled into some secular service. I had barely set foot on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh before being confronted with a magnificent stone church which now serves as the “Visitor Information Center.” Farther down the road were several equally handsome churches offered for sale and several serving as retail establishments. Only St. Giles Cathedral remained — but as a sort of museum to the rich Scottish religious history, a history that contributed to the development of the revolutionary ideas of modern democracy and free-market capitalism. Sadly, the world-changing ideas born of the Scottish Enlightenment are barely recognized in their own country.

The loss of its foundational story would be a serious enough challenge for Europe, but the fact that it is coupled with a massive influx of immigrants raises a much more serious question of whether European civilization will even survive. First, the millions of immigrants who have entered Europe in the past five years have already altered these societies. When coupled with current birth rates for native and non-native populations, the impact grows quickly in future years. Second, there is little indication that these immigrants are willing to assimilate to Western civilization and pursue its foundational ideas. Third, there is also little indication that the liberal democracies of Western Europe have the will or sense of purpose to require assimilation.

The death of Europe is “strange” indeed: the result of fatal wounds that were self-inflicted by well-intentioned governments — governments that sadly mirrored the philosophical, spiritual floundering of their own people.

READ MORE:

The Paris Statement and Hope for Europe’s Renewal

What a Post-Christian America Looks Like

Modern Day Martyrs

— Garland S. Tucker III, the retired chairman and CEO of Triangle Capital Corporation, is a senior fellow at the John Locke Foundation and the author of Conservative Heroes: Fourteen Leaders Who Changed America — Jefferson to Reagan.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
518797,"Taiwan’s Referendum & U.S. China Policy

By John Derbyshire — December 10, 2003

A reader: “Shouldn’t NRO be taking a strong position on the Taiwan

referendum instead of ignoring it? How is the Bush Administration position

on Taiwan’s referendum compatible with ’The National Security Strategy of

the United States of America’?

Isn’t it incredibly cynical for the Bush Administration to stand for

Democracy at the point of the sword in Iraq while not recognizing the right

to self determination of the people of Taiwan?”

The people of Taiwan HAVE self-determination. No substantive matter of

Taiwan’s internal policy is dictated by China, nor by anyone else. In this

globalized world, I don’t know that they have any less self-determination

than anyone else–than the average member of the EU, for example.

The aim of U.S. policy should be to help the people of Taiwan preserve the

self-determination they have got, and not lose it by tweaking the dragon’s

tail. Governments have to weigh goods against other goods. For Taiwan to

have a referendum on its nationhood would be good–I won’t argue with that.

For China to give us serious help in restraining the Norks, and to stop the

flagrant selling of missile technology to US-hostile regimes–those are

other goods–and, so far as the people of the U.S. are concerned, far

greater ones. If indeed (I have my doubts, and will write about them in due

course) the administration has got some real help on those issues in return

for some rough words to the Taiwan govt., personally I could live with it.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638060,"Addressing whether anything new in the Clinton e-mail scandal could end up being a game-changer, Charles Krauthammer pointed to the deleted e-mails as being connected with the Clinton Foundation in a damaging way:

Look, for a year I have thought, and I have said that I think the real hidden story in the e-mails — the reason she probably set it up in the first place, the reason it was all concealed, the reason so many were deleted, probably has to do with the foundation. And with the fact that it is inextricably bound with her tenure in the State Department and that, however — whether there is a smoking gun or not — there is a lot of smoke. Look at the numbers you showed: two thirds of Americans assume there was influence that was sold.

And the problem is that there are the 15,000. Look at what happened today; she gives a speech in Cincinnati, supposed to be a big speech. Foreign affairs, supposed to stake out her ground: completely ignored. The only story that you really hear about her is more of the e-mail story, the 15,000, all of this stuff. Every day the story is the e-mails. Every day is this story about her honesty. I think that’s the threat. That’s why her numbers have shrunk and that’s what she has to look ahead to for the next 70 days.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
567986,"President Obama’s Real Education Reform Test

By Dan Lips — March 10, 2009

President Obama laid out his plans for reforming American education today in a speech to the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. In his brief time in office, the President has overseen the largest increase in federal education spending in history. But this morning he announced that, “What’s required is not simply new investments, but new reforms.”

That’s not to say there won’t be even more spending hikes. Preschool programs and Pell Grants will get even more money under President Obama’s plans.

This will be billed as a speech about reform. But don’t get your hopes up — the president missed his biggest opportunity to support reform today by avoiding the D.C. voucher issue.

He spoke in general terms about his plans for reforming No Child Left Behind, but left the details for later this year when his administration plans to take up reauthorization. President Obama also used his speech to call for merit pay for teachers and for more charter schools weighed in on a number of education reform topics. This has already earned him credit for “taking on the unions.” But we should recognize that these are only baby steps in the education reform debate. For example, it is unclear what type of merit pay system President Obama supports. Will he support real performance-pay bonuses for teachers who lift students’ test scores? Or will he provide bonuses for those who put in extra work through training and mentoring — the bureaucracy’s version of “merit”? President Obama deserves credit for calling on states to open new, innovative charter schools. But this is something that President Clinton was calling for throughout the 1990s.

Unfortunately, President Obama ducked an opportunity to really challenge the status quo. He avoided taking a position in the debate over the future of the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship program. Last week, Secretary Duncan made headlines by declaring that voucher recipients should get to stay in their school. Today, the Senate is scheduled to vote on an amendment to strip the Omnibus of language that would put the program on track to end next year. President Obama has remained silent on the issue.

In the highlight of this morning’s speech, he challenged American families to take responsibility for their children’s education. He spoke about the quality education he received and his mother’s commitment to his education — including early morning tutoring sessions before school: “And it is because she did this day after day, week after week, and because of all the other opportunities and breaks I had along the way, that I can stand here today as the President of the United States. And I want every child in this country to have the same chance my mother gave me…”

He should remember that among those opportunities and breaks was a scholarship to attend an elite private school in Hawaii. If President Obama really wants every child to have the same chance he did, he should call for all families to have the power to choose the best school for their children– starting with 1,700 low-income kids in Washington, D.C. When he does that, President Obama will deserve real credit for “taking on the unions.”

— Dan Lips is senior policy analyst at the Heritage Foundation.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
246404,"A 2012 Reckoning

Romney and Obama face the steep cliff.

By Conrad Black — January 19, 2012

Though it is distressing to be enduring such a dismal election campaign, it is not unprecedented. As both parties prepare to spend a billion dollars either reelecting a president most Americans do not think deserves to be reelected, or a challenger most of his fellow Republicans don’t think can win (and as in most things, the public may well be right on both counts), it is easy to find the whole process discouraging.

The liberal national media took dead aim at Mitt Romney when he emerged from the debacle of the 2008 McCain campaign as this year’s front-runner. Their great achievement has not been the serial assassinations of the non-Mitts, who were sitting ducks — Bachmann, Perry, Cain, Gingrich — but rather the deterrence of the people who could have generated real enthusiasm and might have been stronger candidates than Romney: Jeb Bush, Daniels, Ryan, Rubio, Christie, and Barbour.

And their second great achievement has been responding to the meteoric rise of Newt Gingrich like Nike Zeus missiles, getting from the ground to 60,000 feet in three heartbeats. If Newt had lasted another month and won a couple of primaries before imploding, he might, as I suggested here at the time, have deadlocked the convention and enabled Republican regional leaders to get behind one of the non-candidates. But they hung the $$1.6 million of history lessons at Fannie Mae around Newt’s neck with such efficacy, they made the Ancient Mariner’s albatross look like an inspiriting scapular medal.

As a bonus, Newt, who professed to be surprised by the negative comments on some of the less salubrious aspects of his career, replied, joined by Governor Perry as he ramped up to his 1 percent finish in New Hampshire, by attacking Romney’s business record. Asset-stripping and the reconfiguration and relaunch of companies isn’t industrialism and job-creation like building Microsoft, but it is part of legitimate corporate rationalization, produced strong gains for Romney’s investors, and is a more estimable career than that of most politicians. Obama would have made the same points, but Newt’s gibbering will make excellent fodder for the president’s reelection ads against Romney, and an unseemly swan song for Gingrich’s active political career (unless he wants to be the Harold Stassen of the new millennium).

Gail Collins of the New York Times is a lively writer and usually the first musket to flame from the undergrowth at each new blip of a Republican non-Mitt in the polls. She referred to the continuing non-Mitts last week as candidates who “could not be elected president if they were running against Millard Fillmore.” In writing this, she mistakenly implied that she thought Romney could defeat President Fillmore; that Fillmore was a markedly more unsuccessful president than Barack Obama; that she might civilly describe more impressive Republicans; and that Fillmore had ever been elected president or had even been a major-party nominee to that office.

Millard Fillmore, a former congressman from western New York State, was elected vice president as the running mate of Gen. Zachary Taylor in 1848. It was one of only two presidential victories for the Whig party among 13 Democratic victories between Jefferson in 1800 and Buchanan in 1856. By 1848, the American house was so divided on the slavery issue that both parties chose nominees to national office who had ambiguous views on the question, like 1990s nominees to the Supreme Court who had no paper trail on abortion. Victorious commanders from the jokey wars of the time (William H. Harrison, Taylor, Lewis Cass, Franklin Pierce, Winfield Scott, John C. Frémont) and dissembling political roués (Martin Van Buren, James K. Polk, Fillmore, William R. King, Buchanan) were favored. More substantial figures such as Henry Clay and Stephen A. Douglas could not hold together a coalition of supporters and opponents of slavery. From the retirement of Andrew Jackson in 1837 to the inauguration of Abraham Lincoln in 1861, the only successful president was the astute, slippery, and colorless former Speaker and America’s first “dark horse,” Polk, who won the Mexican War (adding a million square miles to U.S. territory), settled the northwest frontier with the British and Canadians, and stabilized treasury and tariff matters.

Fillmore helped pass the Compromise of 1850 worked up by Clay, Douglas, and Daniel Webster, and sent Commodore Perry to open the ports of Japan. It was a defensible record that may well bear comparison with Obama’s, given that this president at the end of this term will have added about $$2,000 of debt for every man, woman, and child in the country, in order to wrestle unemployment back to where he found it, while partially disarming America unilaterally and possibly welcoming Iran into the nuclear club. (On past form, Ms. Collins would be just as scathing of the Republicans if the contestants for the nomination were Lincoln, TR, Ike, and Reagan.)

The point is we are back to unimpressive candidates waging campaigns that duck the main issues. Obama is cranking up to inflict a class war on the country, with the assistance of the egregious huckster Warren Buffett, Omaha’s most overworked aphorist and noisiest municipal export since the B-29. The prospect is too much even for William Daley, outgoing White House chief of staff and scion of a family that has brought political chicanery and skullduggery in Chicago to the verge of immaculate corruption.

Of course there have been other candidate droughts in the past. Most contestants for national office between Lincoln and Theodore Roosevelt were estimable Civil War generals who were unambitious, prudent presidents who let America be America. Immigrants poured into the United States, commerce boomed, and what was already the world’s largest national economy put up staggering rates of GDP and productivity growth (i.e., a rate of about 8.5 percent economic growth in the 1880s). Innovative and imaginative presidents need not have applied, and didn’t.

Despite the recent attempts to glamorize Calvin Coolidge (largely by the same people who have propagated the fraud that FDR exacerbated the Depression), the Twenties can be seen as a time of inadequate leadership, though Herbert Hoover and his 1928 opponent, four-term New York governor Alfred E. Smith, were outstanding men in very different ways.

Having defeated Woodrow Wilson’s attempt to bring America into the world and make it safe for democracy, and, through Prohibition, having handed one of America’s largest industries (alcoholic beverages) to the underworld, the Republicans allowed the growth of such a gigantic speculative bubble, especially in equity values, that when the bust came, a system that did not guarantee bank deposits and had no direct relief for the unemployed could not withstand it.

And in foreign affairs, the great vision of international organizations and collective security having been dismissively rejected, much was made of mindless naval disarmament (that greatly advantaged our subsequent enemies) and the harebrained Kellogg-Briand Pact that purported to outlaw war. Then as now, the reward for such vapid posturing was the Nobel Peace Prize, and Frank Kellogg’s was as dubiously earned as have been those given to Jimmy Carter, Al Gore, and Barack Obama. In foreign as in domestic matters, the price of poor and evasively procrastinating government proved to be desperately steep when the reckoning came.

So will it be again. It looks like Barack Obama and Mitt Romney: an incumbent who has the country hemorrhaging debt that has all the characteristics of massive money-supply increases versus an opponent whose plan to improve the economy is 59 clichés. Romney ran four years ago as someone who famously repeated, “I love data.” The data are simple and they are grim.

America, though still the world’s greatest country, is in decline and retreat. Some of that may be prudent retrenchment, but it is overcommitted to the fraud of the service-industry economy that adds no value, and so conventional economic recovery won’t be enough. America has shot the spending bolt for inducing traditional economic recovery. And the administration is shrinking defense spending, the best form of economic stimulus, instead of reforming entitlements. It is chasing votes with a tawdry fable of redistribution. And the presumptive challenger came late and half-heartedly to tax simplification and is dancing around entitlement reform like a flame-seeking moth, without alighting on it.

Public education is in shambles; medical care is a feast for two-thirds and a famine for the rest. American lawyers are a steroid-bloated cartel and criminal justice is presided over by a judiciary that has been preening itself while the Bill of Rights has been shredded by the prosecutocracy. The financial industry is in a pale of disgrace as profound and richly deserved as the contempt almost uniformly attached to the political class. Everyone believes in the Constitution, but it isn’t working very well and none of the candidates is seriously addressing these points.

Mitt Romney would be among the most improbable saviors any important country ever sent for. But he may now be all that stands in the way of an accelerating descent into nether regions. Certainly, the United States will revive and go on to great things. But while awaiting the gladsome day of that relaunch, it may be advisable to defy the national media’s ostentatious atheism and recognize the truth of the last czar’s last prime minister that “it is time to pray.” Voting seems not to be working.

— Conrad Black is the author of Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom, Richard M. Nixon: A Life in Full, and, just released, A Matter of Principle. He can be reached at [email protected].",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
67219,"With Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice’s announcement last Friday that Washington would drop its objections to Iran’s World Trade Organization membership, Washington officially joined the EU-3 (Germany, France, and the United Kingdom) in a diplomatic dance to end Iran’s nuclear-bomb project. The only questions now are: When will the music stop–and who will be left standing?

The thinking within the Bush administration is that Iran will be the odd man out after the next set of EU-3-Iran talks scheduled for March 23 in Paris. This view rests on three particulars. First, Iranian officials have threatened to resume building their centrifuge enrichment plant at Natanz (a facility whose “peaceful” operation would bring Tehran ineluctably within days of having the bomb) if Iran does not get what it wants in Paris. Second, the EU-3 has so far insisted that the only “objective guarantee” Iran can give that it will stay out of the bomb-making business is to forswear and terminate its enrichment and reprocessing efforts.

Third, Iranian officials seem to be spoiling for a fight. On March 12, Iran’s foreign ministry dismissed Rice’s offers as insignificant. Describing the secretary as “the queen of war and violence,” it demanded Washington “apologize” for suggesting that allowing Iran to enjoy what was already its own by right–WTO membership–was any offer at all.

All these points support the optimistic view that the U.S. can afford to close ranks with the EU-3, offer Iran modest incentives, demand even more intrusive nuclear inspections of Iran’s nuclear facilities, and bank on Tehran bolting first and early for the bomb. This would then open the way to taking it to the U.N. Security Council for sanctions with the EU-3’s solid support. Given this view, it is hardly surprising that U.S. officials have not yet secured a deadline for action from the EU-3 against Iran. The assumption, again, is that Iran will act before any deadline is needed.

Sound too good to be a slam dunk? Well, it should. Any serious strategy, after all, has to be based on more than a hope, particularly if that hope turns out to be wrong. Here’s where other facts that have not generally been focused upon deserve greater attention. First, after 18 years of keeping their entire enrichment program hidden and another two years of relatively fleckless hide-and-seek inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), it would be folly to assume we know that Iran has no covert enrichment program. Indeed, if our experience in Iraq has taught us anything, it ought to be that a certain amount of humility is in order when it comes to specifying what nuclear facilities a proliferator may have.

Certainly, the fact that we don’t know that Iran doesn’t have a parallel advanced-centrifuge program hidden is a worry. Recent revelations that Iranian engineers have had detailed plans for years for much more advanced centrifuges than those deployed at Natanz, but claim never to have built them, has even put the IAEA on edge. Then, there is the latest development–Iran’s admitting it is building nuclear-storage tunnels one kilometer deep at its declared enrichment facility. Where else it may be tunneling is anybody’s guess.

What if Iran continues to suspend its declared enrichment activities to receive the benefits of EU-3 and U.S. largesse (which include WTO membership, normalized trade relations, advanced technology commerce, grudging U.S. recognition, etc.), develops a covert bomb capability, and then breaks out? Roughly, this would be a repetition of our self-defeating experience with North Korea and the Clinton administration’s Agreed Framework. The U.S., again, would not only be rewarding a proliferator, but it would be undermining enforcement of the NPT, which Iran has repeatedly violated.

The second concern is that Iran has not yet given up trying to divide the EU-3 from the U.S. and could yet conceivably succeed. In February, Hassan Rohani, Iran’s Supreme National Security Council secretary, met privately with EU-3 officials and tabled a proposal he claimed would allow for intrusive inspections of Iran’s enrichment facilities to assure that they only made usable, non-weapons-grade, lightly enriched uranium. As an alternative, he offered to restrict Iran’s enrichment activities to a pilot project he said would be too small to make enough highly enriched uranium for a bomb. Iran still believes that it can convince the EU-3 to buy off on this offer. We must hope they are wrong.

What, then, does this situation recommend?

First, we should hope for the best but be far more prepared than we are now for the worst. This means President Bush needs to push the EU-3 to agree upon a deadline by which Iran must forswear and terminate their enrichment program or risk being hauled before the U.N. Security Council. To be actionable, this deadline should come before for the next major meeting of the IAEA in June.

Second, the president and the EU-3 need to start leveraging Russia and China in order to secure passage of a sanctions resolution at the UN. This may require holding up France’s reactor sales to China and offering Moscow a cooperative nuclear agreement to temporarily store spent reactor fuel from Europe and Asia (commerce worth $10 billion to $20 billion). Action on this is required immediately.

Third, the U.S. and the EU-3 must start explaining why Iran is wrong when it claims it has a right under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty to enrich and reprocess nuclear materials. Both activities are uneconomical and unnecessary for Tehran to pursue and could bring it within a screwdriver’s turn of having nuclear weapons. Yet, so far, the only argument the U.S. has been made to contest Iran’s legal claim is that nations that violate the NPT’s strictures about acquiring nuclear weapons and IAEA nuclear safeguards obligations forfeit their right to develop “peaceful” nuclear energy. Iran, though, has not yet been formally found in violation on either count. More important, even if it is tagged as a cheater, do we really want any of its neighbors to conclude that if they declare all of the nuclear undertakings, they can come within days of having an arsenal of their own and, unlike Iran, be legally in the clear?

If not, we need to start hedging our bets now on Iran and all other states that might follow its example by laying down and enforcing rules that would apply to all. Certainly, attempting anything less not only risks losing the game with Iran and our allies, but leaving us in the untenable position of being the only major nation still standing against the spread of nuclear weapons.

–Henry Sokolski is executive director of the Nonproliferation Policy Education Center in Washington, D.C., and editor of Checking Iran’s Nuclear Ambitions with Patrick Clawson.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
907915,"Did you know that November is National Hospice and Palliative Care Month? A time when hospice organizations publicize the truly compassionate care for the dying and those in pain? A time when media should be presenting high-profile stories of dying patients receiving excellent care and living quality lives?

Oh, you didn’t hear any of that? Neither did I.

All we hear and see in the media on this important issue are: SUICIDE IS DIGNITY! BRITTANY MAYNARD! Hospice? What’s that?

Indifference has many mothers:

1. Assisted suicide advocates damn hospice with faint praise and falsely imply–or state–that the care is inadequate to prevent death with agony. Indeed, Maynard eschewed hospice, stating both that she wanted to put herself out of her family’s misery (my words) before significant decline, and apparently, accepted a worst case scenario for her own future. Hmmm. I wonder who might have given her that idea.

2. Hospice has gone silent on fighting assisted suicide–betraying their own calling–as hastened-death is directly antithetical to its purpose of helping dying people live with dignity. Part of the problem, I think, is that hospice has been partially co-opted by assisted suicide advocacy and, in my experience, those in charge fear controversy and its potential impact on fund raising.

3. Hospice is seen wrongly by many as an “abandon hope, all ye who enter here,” endeavor. Why? In the USA, we force people to forego life-extending treatment or curative care to receive the benefits of hospice. But hospice is all about hope! As Art Caplan and I wrote in USAToday recently:

Hospice is all about realistic hope: hope of not being in pain; hope of being able to enjoy family until the very end; hope of maintaining a good quality of life throughout the dying process; hope of dying at home surrounded by those you love.

4. A few hospices alienate those they serve, by making the service about death instead of life. For example, by refusing tube-supplied food and water, on the basis (false) that it is life-sustaining care. (If sustenance isn’t comfort, what is it?) In any event, ending the cruel choice would do away with confusions that cause some hospices to pursue wrong strategies of care.

5. The media chases blood and controversy. A dying patient saying that he or she wouldn’t have missed the experience for anything–happens all the time, in hospice–is not seen as selling newspapers or getting internet clicks.

6. The media are deeply ideological, generally loving transgressive and radical causes at the expense of traditional forms of care and values. Assisted suicide fits the bill, hospice impedes the change-for-change’s sake agenda.

7. People avoid dying issues like the plague. We don’t like being reminded of our mortality.

That’s not an exclusive list, but the many factors thwarting hospice vitality are causing unnecessary suffering that could readily be relieved.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
599138,"The Week

By The Editors & The Editors — July 18, 2013, Issue

Mike Bloomberg may want to sit down with Bob Filner and explain what ‘stop and frisk’ means.

According to conventional wisdom, the Gang of Eight immigration bill went from inevitable to dead in all of 60 seconds. Its prospects were exaggerated, though, as are current reports of its demise. While Speaker Boehner says the House won’t take the bill up, his caucus is divided on immigration and has yet to settle on a tack. We believe it should pass incremental reforms — enforcement measures, perhaps packaged with a carefully crafted version of the DREAM Act — but worry about what would happen in a conference committee with the Senate. The pressure to adopt a version of the Gang of Eight bill and then send it to the House to pass with the support of Democrats and some Republicans would be enormous. Boehner should make an ironclad assurance to his caucus never to go to conference. This pledge will enhance Boehner’s ability to pass incremental measures, since House conservatives won’t feel compelled to try to block them for fear of an eventual conference. More important, it will truly kill the Gang of Eight bill, which deserves a place in the congressional dustbin.

Edward Snowden, the world’s most famous fugitive interruptus, was still, as of this writing, bargaining for his future from the Moscow airport. Snowden is seeking asylum from that paragon of transparency, Vladimir Putin. Various Chavezite countries in Latin America have offered to take him in. Meanwhile the United States has revoked his passport and wants him returned to be prosecuted. His journalistic collaborator Glenn Greenwald says Snowden has a trove of documents describing “exactly how the NSA does what it does.” True, or bluff? Besides which, two more questions: How did a flighty creep like Snowden get to have access to such info? And do we conceal too much? Every war, including the war on terror, requires secret ops. How wide-ranging are our secrets? When we spy, when must it be secret that we do spy? A responsible Congress and a responsible executive should weigh these matters. In the meantime, keep him on the run.

Texas state senator Wendy Davis became a media star and a national hero to the Left for filibustering a bill to protect unborn children. Many states have been passing such laws. But her filibuster, combined with disorder created by a large group of her supporters, kept the legislature from passing the bill during its special session. It also got her in front of the likes of Anderson Cooper of CNN, who asked her such tough questions as, “What was it like standing for that long?” Governor Rick Perry promptly called another special session, which passed the bill. Abortion will now generally be banned after 20 weeks, and clinics will have to adhere to new safety standards. Davis’s allies say that the standards will close down all but five clinics in the state — we’ll believe that when we see it — and were designed solely for that purpose. Actually, the standards follow the recommendations of the Philadelphia grand jury that indicted Kermit Gosnell. During the special session, protesters on Davis’s side brought tampons and jars of excrement to make some sort of point. As though by instinct, they chose tactics perfectly suited to the ugliness of their cause.

For years he has been a lightning rod for liberal criticism: the archconservative governor of a deep red state, an evangelistic free marketeer, a man of vocal faith, a tea partier. But when his term ends in 2014, Rick Perry will step down as governor of Texas, leaving behind him a state that is the envy, at least economically, of most others in the union. Over his 13 years in office (the longest tenure of any Texas governor), Perry’s conservative policies have helped make Texas the nation’s second-fastest-growing economy (behind only North Dakota, which is in the midst of an unprecedented oil boom), with eight of the country’s 15 fastest-growing cities. Perry likes to point out that Texas has been responsible for a full third of the net jobs created in the entire country over the past ten years. Perry’s tort-reform victories, his pro-life advocacy, and his devotion to the Tenth Amendment will be part of a strong legacy, one that will overshadow memories of his disastrous presidential run. And his policies are not likely to fade if he is succeeded by his attorney general, Greg Abbott, as many expect.

As secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano has been the paradigmatic Obama appointee: a lawyer long on partisan politics, short on subject-matter expertise, and even shorter on effectiveness. After assuming control of the sprawling, largely redundant behemoth created in Washington’s post-9/11 frenzy to “do something,” she exhibited stunning ignorance about the law governing her department’s principal task, falsely claiming that it was not a crime to enter the U.S. illegally. Napolitano also consulted with Islamists in crafting a counterterrorism policy that denies the nexus between Islamic-supremacist ideology and violent jihad. Concurrently, DHS issued guidance instructing agents that terrorist “radicalization and recruitment” were likely products of “rightwing extremism” on the part of Christian sects, military veterans, pro–Second Amendment activists, and those opposed to illegal immigration or abortion. She departs to take over the University of California. Sadly, it seems an ideal match.

So determined are House Democrats to derail the investigation into the Internal Revenue Service’s targeting of tea-party groups that they are now calling for an investigation of the investigator. Maryland representative Elijah Cummings is leading the charge, accusing the Treasury Department inspector general, whose May report found that the IRS had been inappropriately targeting conservative organizations, of concealing evidence that progressive groups were targeted and of misleading Congress on the matter. The congressman, who has called his committee’s investigation a Republican “witch hunt,” pointed to “Be On the Lookout” lists containing the terms “Progressive” and “Occupy.” It is Cummings, however, who is on a partisan expedition. Elizabeth Hofacre is the Cincinnati agent who led the group that Cummings claims pored over the applications of liberal groups. Yet she told congressional investigators that when she received them, “I just sent those back to the specialists or the general inventory.” “I was tasked with tea parties and overwhelmed with those,” she said, adding that she “never” processed an application from a left-leaning organization. House Republicans have acceded to Cummings’s demand and called the inspector general before the Oversight Committee to answer questions. If an investigation into his investigation ensues, it will be a scandal of a different kind.

Farm subsidies have long been packaged together with food stamps to form a bill that urban and rural legislators could all support. But after failing to pass such a bill in June, the House separated farming from food stamps, and now, for the first time since 1973, the House has the opportunity to consider food stamps on their own merits. A record 47 million Americans — one in seven — receive food stamps, at a cost to the federal government of $$85 billion a year. House Republicans are trying to introduce a modest work requirement (like that added by the 1996 welfare-reform law to the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program). They also want to change the rule that lets people qualify for food stamps when they have merely received a brochure from a welfare office. And they want more efforts to fight fraud. Outraged Democrats are accusing Republicans of snatching food from the hungry. Actually, they’re trying to help struggling Americans get back on their feet.

After Senate Democrats threatened to abolish the filibuster for executive-branch nominees, the parties reached a deal over the nominees Republicans had been blocking. Obama had made recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board even though the Senate was not, in fact, in recess. An appeals court ruled that the move was unconstitutional, which is why Republicans were refusing to confirm the nominees to full terms. As part of the deal, the administration will submit new nominees, as Senate Republicans have been urging. Other nominees — to the Consumer Financial Protection Board, the Labor Department, and the EPA — will go through without filibusters. We don’t know how much of a Republican concession their confirmations represent, since it is not clear that Republicans had the votes to filibuster them successfully. Harry Reid may try again to weaken the filibuster, and Republicans have not yet agreed on any credible retaliation they can threaten. Reid will be less of a nuisance if Republicans take the Senate in the next election.

Senators Bob Corker (R., Tenn.) and Mark Warner (D., Va.) have introduced a bill that would make the two-headed monster that is Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into a one-headed monster, on the theory that this will render it easier to decapitate. Senator Corker, to his credit, introduced a bill in the last Congress that would have ended these agencies’ public guarantee; to his colleagues’ discredit, it attracted very little support. Corker-Warner has been put forward as a second-best measure. Eight years into the one-headed monster’s life, Congress would be able to decide whether the corporation should be maintained as is or dissolved. This reform would make some progress, but not enough, in ensuring that government support of homeownership doesn’t encourage risky lending and financial instability. The problem with reforming Fannie and Freddie is that when the economy is down, politicians are rightly reluctant to undermine the housing industry, but when the outlook is improving, the agencies generate substantial federal revenue, as they are doing right now. Given that Congress has failed to make any serious move toward reforming Fannie and Freddie, and given that Senator Corker’s earlier efforts to simply end the public guarantee went nowhere, this plan may be the best of the politically plausible options at hand. Properly understood as a transition to a fully private system of mortgage insurance, Corker-Warner represents a step in the right direction. But it is not and cannot be the last step.

The Mean Reaction

If you ask the average person what the most deservedly maligned attitude is, “hate” would almost certainly come out on top of the list. The funny thing is, people don’t really hate hate. In fact, if they did hate hate, wouldn’t that make them hypocrites? We use “hate” as a deliberate misnomer for bigotry, be it real, imagined, or contrived. If I were to declare, “I hate racism,” few of the usual suspects would say to me: “Don’t be a hater.”

Besides, hatred is really popular in America, because Americans love passion. And hatred is an essential part of the anatomy of passion. The sincere lover of the poor hates poverty. The committed lover of animals no doubt hates animal cruelty. Hatred is particularly popular among young people, which should not surprise anyone, since the principal currency of youth is passion and commitment.

“I have seen young people, and older people too, who are good democratic liberals, lovers of peace and gentleness, struck dumb with admiration for individuals threatening or using the most terrible violence for the slightest and tawdriest reasons,” Allan Bloom wrote in The Closing of the American Mind. Why? Because, according to Bloom, “they have a sneaking suspicion that they are face to face with men of real commitment, which they themselves lack. And commitment, not truth, is believed to be what counts.”

Which brings me to my contender for the most unfairly maligned emotional state: apathy. It gets all the grief hate does, but none of the respect. No one says of the apathetic, “At least he cares” — because the whole point of being apathetic is that you don’t, in fact, care. Worse, more often than not, the people raging against apathy are actually enraged by disagreement with their position. Not one college president, provost, or professor in a thousand who routinely rages against apathy would be delighted to discover his students had, en masse, been converted into passionate Republicans. The real agenda behind jeremiads against hate and apathy alike is conformity. Most of the kids who are labeled apathetic are actually quite passionate, just about the wrong things.

If I don’t care about global warming, my true transgression isn’t apathy, it’s failure to lend support to one side of the argument. As I say in Liberal Fascism, the most fascistic thing said every day on college campuses is “If you’re not part of the solution, you’re part of the problem.”

What brings all this to mind is that I never much cared about the George Zimmerman trial. I felt real and sincere sympathy for Trayvon Martin’s parents. I disapproved of Zimmerman’s decisions, but didn’t think they were murderous, and certainly didn’t think they were provably so. Racism never seemed like a relevant issue to me, and the effort to coin a new label, “white Hispanic,” in order to make it one seemed truly pathetic. And so I didn’t care about this story any more than I care about the countless other tragedies that dash across the headlines and the screens in a given day. Moreover, I resented efforts by the media to make me care more than the facts warranted.

Does that make me apathetic? Hardly. Does it make me a hater? I don’t think so. It makes me noncompliant, which is the only true sin under liberalism.

Four years ago, when the Obamans were ascendant and Democrats ruled both congressional chambers, Republicans were weary and searching for champions. In November 2009, they found two: Bob McDonnell won a gubernatorial race in Virginia and Chris Christie did the same in New Jersey — both states Obama had carried. McDonnell quickly became one of the most popular governors in the country. He had sky-high approval ratings, a booming state economy, and the respect of Beltway insiders, who touted him as a future presidential contender. But McDonnell is now embroiled in a troubling scandal, and there is talk in Richmond that he may resign. According to the Washington Post, McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, accepted more than $$120,000 in unreported gifts from Johnnie Williams, an executive at a dietary-supplement company. Williams even helped pay for McDonnell’s daughter’s wedding. McDonnell later paid back his friend’s generosity by opening the governor’s mansion to him to tout his products, which have debatable medical benefits; Mrs. McDonnell flew to Florida to serve as a saleswoman of sorts for Williams’s “naturally occurring alkaloids.” McDonnell has denied any wrongdoing, but a federal grand jury is investigating the relationship. Behind the scenes, Virginia Republicans, who hope to keep the governorship in November’s election, say he may step down. Regardless, his national political career is finished. These days, the square-jawed McDonnell, who not so long ago lifted the spirits of his party, is hiring lawyers, not strategists.

We struggle not to choke on the words “Michael Bloomberg is right,” but right is what the New York mayor is in the kerfuffle over the city’s stop-and-frisk program. The police tactic is controversial because most of those stopped (87 percent) are black or Latino. That is less surprising than it may sound: Most New Yorkers are black or Latino. Moreover, it is unsurprising that these minorities are stopped at rates higher than would be expected if the program were random; it is administered most robustly in high-crime areas, which are disproportionately black and Latino. Noting this, Bloomberg argued that the cops might be stopping those races too infrequently: More than 90 percent of those sought in NYPD murder cases are described as black or Latino. Democrats vying to succeed the mayor have variously described his remarks as “outrageous” (Bill de Blasio) and “incredibly insulting” (Bill Thompson). Yet there is little or no evidence that the police have been unprofessional or ill intentioned in their execution of stop-and-frisk, and there is ample evidence that it has made a real impact on crime. If the last testament of Bloombergism is a Central Park that you may not smoke in but can walk through safely, that is not the worst possible outcome. Within living memory, New York City had over 2,200 murders a year, and vast stretches of the city were unlivable. If the mayor’s critics have their way, Big Gulps may be the smallest of New York’s worries.

Eliot Spitzer, who resigned in disgrace as governor of New York when it was revealed that he regularly used prostitutes, is running for comptroller of New York City. How many ways is this wrong? Prostitution is a debasing traffic that stunts its clients and degrades its purveyors. Spitzer was a hypocrite since, as attorney general of New York, he had prosecuted prostitution rings. He makes a fool of his wife, Silda, who, like Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin, stands by her man. He makes a travesty of the concept of regret: Spitzer did penance for his misdeeds by hosting TV talk shows. Like Anthony Weiner, Spitzer is a damaged being, a Brobdingnagian ego attached to a fetal personality without conscience, emotion, or depth. Spitzer’s fall was so precipitous because none of his fellow politicians would stick up for him: Even they could not stand his ill-tempered arrogance. Just the man we should want in government.

Bob Filner is mayor of San Diego. A Democrat, and a former congressman, he is what the Associated Press describes as a “feisty liberal.” One of the things he has been doing feistily is harassing women. At this writing, his job is in jeopardy. In order to save that job, he made a statement that is a classic of the genre. He was “humbled to admit that I need help.” He had “begun to work with professionals to make changes in my behavior and approach.” Moreover, “my staff and I will participate in sexual-harassment training provided by the city.” Why should the staff be dragged into this? In a crowning sentence, Filner said, “If my behavior doesn’t change, I cannot succeed in leading our city.” First, San Diegans should be a self-governing people, going about their lives without need of a Dear Leader. Second, is there no one else in San Diego who can be mayor? Bob Filner is not indispensable. By all appearances, he’s just creepy.

Hundreds of thousands of people, in their homes and in all sorts of health-care facilities, across the country and across the globe, are surviving on nasogastric feeding tubes. But that fact seems to have escaped Capitol Hill legislators, myriad human-rights organizations, and celebrities who are calling on the Obama administration to stop force-feeding 45 Guantanamo Bay detainees who are conducting a hunger strike. The five-month strike, reportedly a response to guards’ allegedly mishandling detainees’ Korans during a routine cell search, has garnered international attention, particularly in the wake of President Obama’s recent promise to shut down the facility. We’re sure the activists would be quite pleased if we just let the detainees starve to death.

For many years now, Walmart has been a bogeyman of the Left. The company employs millions, and offers good products at low prices to many millions more — but the very name “Walmart” is still anathema to some. There are people who would rather there were no jobs, and no products, than that Walmart existed. Take the District of Columbia. Its city council has essentially voted to keep Walmart out of D.C. The company had wanted to open six stores — including in “underserved” areas. It promised to fund transportation projects, create a job-training program, and so on. But the city council said, “Your minimum wage must be $$12.50” — 50 percent higher than the District’s regular minimum wage. In the District, unemployment among blacks is 20.3 percent. Among black teenagers it is 37.8 percent. Among black male teenagers it is 43.3 percent. At least they won’t have to suffer the ignominy of working at Walmart. Nor will the “underserved” have to suffer the ignominy of shopping there. Mona Charen pointed out the worst part of this whole anti-Walmart effort: Its leading group calls itself “Respect DC.”

The Egyptian military’s overthrow of the elected but lawless Muslim Brotherhood government in early July seems to have been a marginal improvement, and the Obama administration has recognized it as such, providing the strongest support by its reticence: It hasn’t called the coup a coup. By law the U.S. is not supposed to provide foreign assistance to a country where the military has seized power; aid to Egypt would have to be frozen and cooperative military programs and equipment sales ceased. Our support for the military is a lever we would temporarily lose and permanently weaken if we cut off all support until elections occurred and aid could legally resume. The military is crucial to maintaining free passage through the Suez Canal and, via the Camp David accords, the safety of Israel and the security of Sinai. Further, it stepped in at a crucial point, when the despotism and abject mismanagement of the Muslim Brotherhood had driven millions of Egyptians into the streets to demand a new government. The right course is for the State Department to take some time to make its decision, monitoring the military government’s deportment. Eventually, Congress should grant a waiver to the pertinent law and provide aid even after the coup, contingent on the military’s progress toward establishing a constitution that protects minority rights and freedom of speech and conscience.

Christianity in the Middle East is under threat as never before. The fate of François Murad is a sinister omen. A Syrian Franciscan aged 49, he was in the monastery of St. Anthony of Padua in Ghassanieh, a Christian village in northern Syria. Islamists thought to be from the extremist group Jabhat al-Nusra broke into the monastery to loot it, and shot Father Murad dead. A memorial Mass was held for him in Rome, and another Syrian Franciscan, Father Ibrahim Alsabagh, spoke there about his colleague and friend, singling out that he had been gentle and docile. Franciscans of the Holy Land, he said, are always called to testify to their faith: The death of Father Murad “made me realize how close martyrdom is.” This has not stopped him from returning to a Franciscan monastery in Damascus in order, as this moving witness of his faith puts it, “to be with my brothers and to live the testimony.”

There are no words adequate to the horrific attack on a group of schoolchildren in Nigeria carried out by the jihadist Boko Haram outfit — a partner to the Algeria-based al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb — which claimed the lives of about 40 children and teachers in early July. The jihadists set fire to the school and then shot children as they tried to escape; many were burned alive. It was the third attack by the group, whose name means “Western education is forbidden,” on a school this summer. Boko Haram’s leader, Abubakar Shekau, released a video after the attacks promising that they would continue. “We are going to burn down the schools if they are not Islamic religious schools for Allah,” he warned. “The Koran teaches that we must shun democracy, we must shun Western education, we must shun the constitution.” President Bush was relentlessly mocked for saying, of al-Qaeda et al., “They hate our freedoms.” But he was right.

Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the surviving bomber of the Boston Marathon, appeared in court to be charged, and he was greeted by supporters and fans. They may be classified as dumb, mad, and besotted. The dumb ones assert there is no evidence of his guilt (except video footage of Dzhokhar and his brother, backpacked at the scene of the crime; except Dzhokhar’s message in the boat that was his last hiding place, “When you attack one Muslim you attack all Muslims”). The mad go even further, arguing in the manner of 9/11 truthers that the bombing was an inside job. The besotted are hot for the little terrorist (Dzhokhar does look like the young Bob Dylan, if the young Bob Dylan had been good-looking). In a country of 300 million there will be many thousands who are self-hating or incapable of rational thought. High-profile crimes bring them out like worms after a thunderstorm.

While nobody much was looking, there was a coup in Qatar, one of the tiny sheikhdoms in the Gulf, population just 250,000. It’s the property of the al-Thani family, and they want to keep it that way. The 33-year-old Tamim al-Thani replaces his father, Hamad al-Thani, who 18 years ago had replaced his father. That’s how they do things there these days: behind the palace doors and no violence. It matters because Qatar is the world’s largest exporter of liquefied natural gas, and uses its money to gain disproportionate influence, or (as some of the neighbors think) make inter-Arab mischief. Sunnis themselves, the al-Thanis are nonetheless stepping on Saudi toes by subsidizing the wrong sort of Islamists in Syria, and upsetting secular or liberal elements by subsidizing the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas. The al-Thani family exclusively owns Al Jazeera, banned in some Arab countries, popular and opinion-forming in others. The U.S. maintains a huge military base in the sheikhdom, so some anti-Americanism is obligatory, pro forma. In common with new absolute rulers elsewhere, the new Sheikh Tamim has been greeted as a reformer with an interest in constitutionalism. More likely is that he’ll try to emulate his father’s craftiness in playing both sides of every street.

While Europe suffers a harsh demographic winter bearing down on the economies of nations with aging populations, the United States merely copes with an autumn chill — but it’s not getting any warmer here either, according to a new report released by the Centers for Disease Control. The U.S. birth rate in 2011, 1.89 lifetime births per female, was the lowest since reliable records began to be kept in 1920. One reason for the decline is that people are less likely to have children during periods of economic downturn and uncertainty such as we’ve lived through for the past five years. But U.S. birth rates have been below replacement level since 1971. Our failure to supply, in adequate numbers, a generation to support us in old age and to continue to be productive when we’re gone greatly darkens long-term economic forecasts and our general outlook on the future. Raising the child tax credit might not raise the birth rate much, but it would be helpful if only for its symbolic value. Government can do little to encourage people to have children. It can do a lot, though, to stop discouraging them.

A magician who uses a rabbit in his act got an eight-page letter from the USDA (with the folksy salutation “Dear Members of Our Regulated Community”) demanding, as the magician told blogger Bob McCarty, “a written disaster plan, detailing all the steps I would take to help get my rabbit through a disaster, such as a tornado, fire, flood, etc. . . . [and] what I will do after the disaster, to make sure my rabbit gets cared for properly.” It turns out the USDA has a full-time “rabbit police” division, with licenses and inspectors and rules governing work hours for animal performers. There’s no insurance mandate yet, but they’re probably working on one.

We mentioned here previously Jared Marcum, the West Virginia eighth-grader facing a $$500 fine or up to a year in jail for “obstructing a police officer” after refusing to take off a T-shirt bearing the NRA’s logo and a hunting rifle. Late last month, the judge dropped the charges against Jared, in what the young man’s attorney, Ben White, called “a victory for common sense.” Indeed. But while Jared is free to enjoy his summer, Justin Carter, the 19-year-old Texan jailed since March for joking in an online video game about shooting up a school, still faces charges of making “terroristic threats.” In a bit of good news, though, he is finally out from behind bars: In mid July an “anonymous good Samaritan” paid Justin’s staggering $$500,000 bail. Taking these two cases together, that’s a victory and a half for common sense.

Doris Kearns Goodwin has had a checkered career — marred by plagiarism, brightened by an insightful book on the Lincoln administration, Team of Rivals. Her address at Gettysburg, commemorating the 150th anniversary of the battle, fell on the minus side of the ledger. She rambled about presidents she had known, and made a pitch for gay marriage, linking Selma with Stonewall, and both with the Civil War. Selma, yes; Stonewall, huh? Abraham Lincoln’s call for “a new birth of freedom” in the Gettysburg Address has been used by liberals to justify every project du jour. Lincoln was a radical in the lengths to which he would go to defend his principles; a conservative in the care with which he chose them. They were, he argued, the principles of the American Revolution (the “definitions and axioms of free society,” as he put it on another occasion). If Americans wish to change the institution of marriage, that is because they wish to do it, not because the Founders, or Lincoln — or the men who died at Gettysburg — would have it.

Orson Scott Card’s 1985 science-fiction novel Ender’s Game depicts a young earthling, Andrew Ender Wiggin, battling a race of aliens known as the Formics. This fall Lionsgate will release a movie version, with Asa Butterfield and Harrison Ford, which is battling a boycott campaign by gay groups. Card, it turns out, has been critical of same-sex marriage. Lionsgate is sticking by its movie, but has declared that it is a “proud longtime supporter . . . of the LGBT community” (if they hadn’t already finished the picture, they would have dropped Card like a hot rock). It’s a free country, and anyone can boycott anyone he likes. But observe the vectors: Gays and their allies will not rest until opponents of gay marriage are treated like Mennonites — tolerated oddball fanatics. Coming soon, to a life near yours.

Since 1979, Henry Doctor, also known as the Phantom Planter, has secretly planted over 40,000 unauthorized flowers in public places worldwide, and until recently he had never run into problems. Doctor thought the Dupont Circle metro station in Washington, D.C., which had 176 empty flower boxes lining the escalators, could use some flowers. Last October, he planted 150 daffodils and tulips in the flower boxes, while removing cigarette butts, trash, and weeds, without Metro’s even noticing. In June, Doctor covertly planted 1,000 morning glories and several other plants, which would bloom from August to October in beautiful, patriotic colors of red, white, and blue. Fearing that Metro would think the flowers were weeds and pull them out, Doctor sent a letter to Metro confessing his crime and offered to work for $$1 per year so he could continue to care for the plants. That was the wrong move. Metro immediately issued a “cease and desist” order with a threat of imprisonment and fines if he came anywhere near the flowers. It sent workers to the station and tore up all the flowers. Even Mao said to let 100 flowers bloom.

“I know there’s a lot of controversy about whether guys over 13 years old should bring a mitt to the game,” Gregory Van Niel said afterward, but he and every baseball fan capable of enjoying his feat vicariously would say he made the right decision. With the glove he carried to Progressive Field in Cleveland on a Sunday afternoon in mid July, he caught four foul balls, which may be a record. He questions reports that the odds were one in a trillion, noting that the attendance, 15,432, was fairly light, reducing his competition, and that section 160, where he sat, on the third-base side of home plate, is a sweet spot for foul balls off right-handed hitters. He gave one ball each to his daughter and his two nephews, who were with him, and the fourth ball he tossed to his neighbors in the stands, balancing his boyish exploits at the ballpark with those fine fatherly gestures. The Indians won, 6–4.

Soledad O’Brien recently left her post at CNN to join Al Jazeera America, a new English-language affiliate of the Qatari-owned broadcaster that will focus on the United States. O’Brien made her name at CNN by sparring with politicians and their surrogates, especially those of the McCain and Romney campaigns. She enjoyed doing so under the mantle of “keeping them honest,” despite her obvious penchant for relying on dubious Democratic talking points. John Sununu suggested during the 2012 campaign that she ought to “put an Obama bumper sticker on her forehead” to reveal that her work was an aggressive defense of the campaign. Perhaps her move to a self-consciously “progressive,” Global South–oriented (read: anti-American) network will mean she admits her biases a bit more openly. Though “Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani” probably wouldn’t fit on a bumper sticker.

The history of the Founding period has been well taught and well studied in American universities for the last four decades, thanks in great part to Edmund S. Morgan. Morgan began as a student of the Puritans but shifted his attention to the American Revolution. He and his peers — Douglass Adair, Bernard Bailyn — overturned the debunking economic determinism of Charles Beard (which survives in the pop history of Howard Zinn) and turned their attention to what 18th-century Americans were saying and thinking. In his nineties, Morgan summarized his credo thus: “The American Revolution was really what the revolutionaries said it was” — a struggle for and about liberty. Thus a generation of scholars was spared the storms of Marxism and cultural studies that flattened so much of the humanities. Morgan has died, age 97. The academy and the nation are in his debt. R.I.P.

JUSTICE

Duty and Spectacle

The George Zimmerman case was a wretched spectacle from the beginning, but for this we are glad: People in America are still tried in the courts rather than by left-wing protesters or by the media. To their credit, the jurors appear to have decided the case strictly on the facts, which gave them no choice other than to acquit Zimmerman, despite the long campaign of defamation against him outside the courtroom.

You don’t have to endorse Zimmerman’s poor judgment that night to realize that he didn’t commit a crime and isn’t a bullying white racist circa 1955. He isn’t even white, so the media had to resort to the “white Hispanic” label to save their racial storyline. If Zimmerman had set out to assassinate Trayvon Martin, he never would have called the police to alert them to Martin’s whereabouts.

This call is the act of so-called profiling that is supposed to prove Zimmerman’s dark, racist motivation. But he may have singled out Martin for his youth, his dress, or his behavior; he might have been just as suspicious of a white teenager dressed and acting the same way. (Zimmerman told the police on the call that Martin seemed like he was “up to no good.”) He didn’t volunteer Martin’s race, but in response to the operator’s question said that he “looks black.”

What ensued was a tragedy that would have been avoided had Zimmerman never fastened on Martin and never gotten out of his car to trail him. What Zimmerman’s haters never acknowledge is that it also would have been avoided had Martin never, as the evidence indicates, hit Zimmerman. It was a prosecution eyewitness who said that he saw Martin on top of Zimmerman beating him “ground-and-pound” style.

This made the case a simple matter of self-defense, which is what police initially concluded when they declined to arrest Zimmerman. After an enormous firestorm and campaign of race-hustling political intimidation — loosely joined by President Obama when he said that if he had a son, he’d look like Trayvon — authorities charged Zimmerman with second-degree murder. With this, they lashed themselves to the most malign interpretation of Zimmerman’s intent from MSNBC and the left-wing blogs. They never came close to proving their case and, in desperation at the end of the trial, tried to get the judge to allow the jury to consider a child-abuse charge (the jury was allowed to consider manslaughter).

Now that the jury has rendered the only verdict it reasonably could, the same characters who have spent more than a year smearing Zimmerman are indicting the American justice system. The NAACP and Al Sharpton want the feds to pursue Zimmerman on civil-rights charges; Eric Holder says he is considering it. Jesse Jackson wants the U.N. Human Rights Council to take up the matter. A focus of particular ire is Florida’s “stand your ground” law, even though Zimmerman’s lawyers didn’t invoke that law and instead made a strict self-defense argument.

We wish the purveyors of perpetual outrage would pause from saying stupid and inflammatory things about the Zimmerman case long enough to consider how wrong they were about it all along. But we are realists.

OBAMACARE

Delay and Dismantle

Defenders of Obamacare have taken to complaining about Republican “sabotage” of the program, and of good governance generally. The program’s apparent flaws are, they would have you believe, the result of Republican obstruction. It would be working just fine if only all of us had unified behind its greatness.

This excuse-making has intensified since the Obama administration announced, first, that it would delay the law’s employer mandate — the fine on companies that do not provide health insurance — for a year, and second, that it would take applicants’ say-so on whether they qualify to get insurance from the law’s subsidized exchanges. Yet these delays were plainly the result of the administration’s own difficulty in implementing the law and its fear that doing so would yield disappointing results. The only subversion of the law has been undertaken by the administration itself, which does not at first glance have the authority to get rid of the inconvenient portions of its favorite legislation.

The delay of the employer mandate gives Republicans an opportunity to advance the day that Obamacare is repealed.

House Republicans should, as they are considering, call two successive votes, to put the employer-mandate delay into law and then to delay the individual mandate as well. Democrats will be unlikely to break with the administration on the first vote, and, having voted to delay a mandate on businesses, they will find themselves hard-pressed to explain why they did not support one for individuals and families. If, on the other hand, they vote to delay the individual mandate, they will be showing that there is substantial bipartisan opposition to major features of Obamacare. From there, House Republicans can move on to voting for a delay of the entire law. For Republicans, it’s all upside — so long as they make it clear that these votes are a way of pursuing the replacement of Obamacare and not a substitute for it.

Some Republicans may be tempted to think that instead the entire law should be implemented on schedule, on the theory that voters will feel the pain and move right. But Obamacare is not going to be implemented on schedule: It is going to be implemented however the administration believes will be most advantageous to its goals, regardless of the letter of the law. And Republicans’ goal should be to keep the country from suffering through Obamacare, not to exploit the suffering.

House Republicans have rightly voted on multiple occasions to register their opposition to Obamacare and their support for its repeal, but votes for repeal cannot be the only tactic they employ in pursuit of the goal. The administration’s move shows that the law is running into serious difficulties, that its difficulties are not the result of Republican obstruction, and that even Democrats do not treat it as a fait accompli. Republicans have a chance to weaken the political coalition behind Obamacare while highlighting some of its most obnoxious provisions.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638825,"GOP elites are likely to breathe a sigh of relief tonight as Ted Cruz wins Wisconsin’s primary. But they shouldn’t make that breath a deep one: I think the result will be closer than most polls suggest, and nothing in polls taken elsewhere show any significant drop in Trump’s support.

The race will be closer than expected is simple: I suspect most polls are over sampling very conservative voters. The CBS/YouGov poll certainly is: it shows Cruz ahead statewide by 6 points while showing that very conservatives will significantly outnumber somewhat conservatives. That won’t happen: very conservative voters have always been smaller in size in the Badger State than somewhat conservatives, and exit polls this year show that the share of somewhat conservatives in the GOP electorate is UP, not down, from prior years. Since Cruz gets all of his lead and then some from this group (he’s ahead 68-22 among them in the CBS/YouGov poll and 61-25 among them in the FOX Business poll), over counting them means over estimating Cruz’s margin.

The poll whose estimate of the GOP electorate comes closest to prior patterns, PPP, not coincidentally has Cruz ahead by only 1 point.

I do nevertheless think Cruz will prevail. He is winning over the former Rubio voters, who skewed to the somewhat conservative faction, and thus is either running slightly ahead or roughly tied with Trump among that key ideological faction. This is a big improvement over prior states and is indicative of a successful campaign.

Accordingly, I think Cruz will win by about three points, 41-38. Kasich gets 18, and the rest is scattered among the dropouts. My ranges are Cruz 37-45, Trump 33-40, Kasich 16-23. I think it is likelier that Cruz wins by 5-7 than Trump ekes out a win.

Wisconsin gives 18 delegates to the statewide winner and three delegates to the winner of each of the state’s eight Congressional Districts. Trump should win the blue-collar, Democratic-leaning 3d, and he should also run strongly in the rural 7th. If he loses by only 3 he will easily carry both.

Cruz should sweep the suburban Milwaukee 5th, and small sample polls of the CDs show him well ahead in Paul Ryan’s 1st. If Cruz wins statewide he should also carry the 6th, which combines many medium-sized counties in the Fox River Valley with a high-income Milwaukee suburban county, Ozaukee. That leaves the 2d (Madison), 4th (Milwaukee city), and 8th (Green Bay and environs) as the swing CDs. Some polling has Kasich doing very well in Madison’s Dane County, so that CD might be a three-way race. If Cruz wins by 3 I think he will win the 2d and 8th and lose the 4th. If he wins by much more than 3, he carries the 4th too.

My best guess on delegate allocation is Cruz 33, Trump 9, Kasich 0.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
444255,"Reactions by the Catholic bishops of the United States to the Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges have been, in the main, robust and carefully thought through. Perhaps the best of the lot was the statement issued by Archbishop Joseph Kurtz of Louisville, president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, on behalf of that entire body. Kurtz rightly deplored the decision as one not “rooted in the truth,” and said that, like similar wrongheaded decisions that contradicted the deep, moral structure of our humanity, Obergefell would, eventually, fall. A few bishops — the names will be withheld to protect the guilty — were less insightful as to the nature of the decision and less courageous in assaying its likely consequences: a legal and cultural assault on institutions and individuals who understand that the truth about marriage is built into us and is not susceptible to change by judicial legislation (or any other form of legislation, for that matter).

Beneath the statements of a few of the timid, acquiescent, and/or confused, I detected a mistaken reading of the church–state theory of the late John Courtney Murray, S.J., one of the intellectual architects of the Second Vatican Council’s Declaration on Religious Freedom and author of what remains today the best Catholic explication of the moral-cultural foundations of the old American democracy, We Hold These Truths: Catholic Reflections on the American Proposition. This false reading of Murray has to do, in part, with a misinterpretation of his advice to the bishops of his time, that they should not go to war, publicly, against the U.S. Supreme Court’s 1965 decision in Griswold v. Connecticut, which struck down a state statute forbidding the sale of contraceptives to married couples.

Some 21st-century Catholic progressives seem to have mistakenly concluded from this that Murray would have advised against the American hierarchy’s taking the strong and unyielding stance it has taken in the 42 years since Roe v. Wade imposed a virtually unchecked abortion license on the entire country. And those same mistaken souls seem to have concluded that Murray, today, would counsel against the kind of thoughtful yet blunt rejection of Obergefell articulated on behalf of the bishops’ conference by Archbishop Kurtz. Murray, they suggest, would not be a culture warrior in 2015.

Which is, in a word, rubbish.

Murray’s counsel to avoid a war against Griswold was based on his understanding of contraception as a question of marital chastity, which the state could not legally regulate without imposing an intolerable regime of bedroom reconnaissance. He may not have been aware of the abortifacient characteristics of certain contraceptives, which would almost certainly have changed his moral understanding of the legality of IUDs and similar devices. He could not have known that, after the “privacy” right concocted in Griswold was extended to everyone in the 1972 decision Eisenstadt v. Baird, the logic of the same faux-“right” would, through Griswold and Eisenstadt, beget the catastrophe of Roe v. Wade in 1973 — for Father Murray died in 1967.

But there is nothing in his position on the Church’s appropriate response to Griswold that would lead any thoughtful person to conclude that Murray would have counseled the bishops to take a soft approach to Roe. For he would have understood that the abortion question was not, despite the propaganda, a matter of sexual liberation and personal “choice”; he would have known that the abortion license defied first principles of justice that can be known by reason; and I daresay he would have found Justice Harry Blackmun’s argument in Roe specious on both constitutional and moral grounds. (As for Justice Anthony Kennedy’s notorious “sweet mystery of life” pronunciamento in Casey v. Planned Parenthood (1992), the decision that confirmed Roe, Murray, who could be very tart, would have had a field day shredding that pompous nonsense.)

So what, then, would Father Murray have said about our situation today? What would he have said about Obergefell, and about a post-Obergefell America?

Answering those questions is obviously a matter of speculation; informed speculation, I hope, but speculation nonetheless. Still, there is a lot of material in We Hold These Truths that bears on Obergefell and what Obergefell is likely to do to the American republic. And on this Fourth of July, perhaps not-quite-so-glorious as others in our history, it is worth taking a moment to tease those nuggets of truth out of Murray’s 55-year-old text.

The real reason the American experiment was in trouble in the 1950s was that the churches of the Protestant mainline were rapidly becoming the oldline on their way to becoming the sideline.

It helps to begin by recognizing that, in the midst of the seemingly placid and stable 1950s, Father Murray knew that the American democratic experiment was in trouble. There were the obvious challenges: an aggressive Soviet Union; the triumph of pragmatism in many universities; the eternal race question. But these were matters that could be seen, and dealt with, by those with the wit and gumption to do so. The real trouble was, as it were, subterranean, something beneath the surface of public life. The real reason the American experiment was in trouble was because the institutions that had sustained the moral-cultural consensus on which the experiment had been built — the churches of the Protestant mainline — were rapidly becoming the oldline on their way to becoming the sideline (as Richard John Neuhaus famously put it). And they were becoming the oldline en route to the sideline because they had abandoned, one by one and under the sway of an increasingly secularist liberalism, the moral truths on which the country had been founded: truths that found their deepest and strongest roots, not in the philosophy of John Locke, but in the Christian civilization of the Middle Ages.

What were those truths?

The consensus that sustained the American experiment included the truth that there are moral truths inscribed in the world and in us, truths that we can know by reason. Thus Jefferson, penning the Declaration we commemorate on Saturday, may have thought that he was acting as a simon-pure son of the Enlightenment by enunciating “self-evident” truths. In fact, in the long view of Western cultural and intellectual history, he was channeling his inner Aristotle, his inner Thomas Aquinas, and his inner Robert Bellarmine during those steamy summer days in Philadelphia in 1776.

The American consensus included the truth that society exists prior to the state, which meant that the state exists to serve society, not the other way around. Murray’s fondness for Anglo-American constitutionalism (which he carefully distinguished from Jacobinism and other Continental psychoses with grave political consequences) was influenced in no small part by his passionate commitment to limited, constitutionally constrained government — which in turn reflected his heroic intellectual efforts to disentangle his Church from the fondness for close altar-and-throne alignments that he regarded as a temporary aberration from the authentic Catholic political tradition (a claim vindicated, I might add, by the social doctrine of St. John Paul II). On this understanding, true government — government that had the moral authority to command, not simply the raw power to coerce — was was by definition limited government; a robust civil society was essential to the democratic health of the republic; and government should not usurp the proper functions of civil society.

The consensus beneath the experiment also included the truth, again medieval in origin, that there is an inherent sense of justice in the people, from which rightly ordered states derive a preference for creating legislative solutions to issues of public policy rather than deferring to the allegedly superior wisdom of kings — or courts (or Justice Kennedy, who can now intone “L’etat c’est moi” with far more warrant than Louis XIV).

And the consensus included the truth that “rights,” properly understood, did not constitute a free-floating faculty of choice that can attach itself to anything (“so long as no one else gets hurt”). Rather, “rights” are built in to us as immunities from coercive state power: inalienable liberties that enable us to fulfill our duties as individuals and citizens. Thus in Murray’s understanding of these things, the right of religious freedom is built in to us, and must be respected and protected by the state, so that we can fulfill our natural human duty to seek the truth and adhere to it. Similarly, the other First Amendment rights (free speech, freedom of assembly, petition) are built in to us so that we can fulfill our duties as citizens and make our appropriate contribution to the common good.

All of which would have inclined John Courtney Murray to take a very dim view of Obergefell v. Hodges, and would, I expect, have led him to urge the bishops of the United States, and indeed all Americans, to do everything in their power to see that this terribly mistaken decision does not stand.

Murray would also have had some things to say about why Obergefell was, in Archbishop Kurtz’s words, “wrong . . . profoundly unjust and immoral.”

Father Murray’s conviction about the limits of state power would have led him to conclude that there are things that the state simply cannot do because they are among the givens of the human condition: the Things As They Are.

Father Murray’s conviction about the limits of state power would have led him to conclude that there are things that the state simply cannot do because they are among the givens of the human condition: the Things As They Are. Thus the Supreme Court of the United States cannot rightly decide that two people of the same sex can “marry,” any more than it could rightly decide, in Dred Scott, that Americans of African descent were “beings of an inferior order, and altogether unfit to associate with the white race, either in social or political relations, and so far inferior that they had no rights which the white man was bound to respect.” Just as Murray knew that Chief Justice Roger Brooke Taney was wrong in asserting the essential non-humanity of Americans of African descent, so Murray would know that the Supreme Court’s claim that two people of the same sex can contract a “marriage” is oxymoronic. He would also know that a Court that attempts to reinvent reality through law invites contempt for the law and for itself.

I don’t know whether Father Murray ever commented publicly on Brown v. Board of Education, but his Catholic understanding of prudence as the first of political virtues would have inclined him to applaud Chief Justice Earl Warren’s determination to craft a decision declaring segregation unconstitutional in such a way as to secure a unanimous verdict from his Court. By contrast, the Court majority in Obergefell seems to have been happy to render a 5–4 split decision on what the majority clearly thought (wrongly) was a parallel civil-rights case; and indeed four of the five justices in the majority offered no reasons of their own for signing on to Justice Kennedy’s decision (the unpersuasivenes of which guarantees that it will become a shooting gallery for serious constitutional scholars for decades to come).

Thus I suspect that Murray would have seen Obergefell for what it is: an instance of vast judicial overreach in aid of a social and political agenda, rather than a legitimate act of constitutional interpretation guided by the cool, dispassionate reason that ought to characterize judging. And as such, Murray would likely have thought, Obergefell has accelerated the decline of the old American democracy and the parallel American turn toward something resembling what political theorist J. R. Talmon famously called “totalitarian democracy:” a thin democratic veneer beneath which the people’s judgment is regularly voided, in this instance by judges in the legislative driver’s seat.

One of the building blocks of Father Murray’s theory of limited, constitutional government and democracy was the venerable Catholic notion of the res sacra in temporalibus: those “sacred things” in social life that are prior to the state, both chronologically and ontologically (that is, both in time and in what we might call the deep structures of reality). Among those “sacred things” were certain relationships, the integrity of which any just state was bound to respect and protect: the parent–child relationship, the doctor–patient relationship, the confessor–penitent (or counselor–client) relationship, and, of course, the husband–wife relationship. Understanding that the just state exists, in part, to protect these “pre-political” relationships reflects the natural order of things, which is family, society, state. For the natural family of father-mother-children is not something the state invented, although it is something the just state must acknowledge.

I think Murray would have agreed with Douglas Farrow, professor of religious studies at McGill, that, post-Obergefell, “it is [now] state, society, family, and in consequence natural or pre-political rights [that] have been voided.” Murray would also, I suggest, agree with Farrow’s conclusion: “The most crucial consequence of Obergefell is that marriage is no longer a pre-political institution at all, embodying and protecting fundamental natural rights connected to procreation and child-rearing, but is rather an exclusively political institution, embodying only state-dispensed rights and freedoms.” And, agreeing with that, Father Murray would likely raise a warning for his fellow-Americans: If the state can do this to marriage and the family, on what principled ground will the state refrain from redefining all of those other pre-political relationships to suit its fancy, which in this instance, and absurdly, means the fancy of five judges?

John Courtney Murray did not live to see the collapse of American marriage culture that is epidemic today. But acute observer of public affairs that he often was, he would have seen, today, that “marriage equality” as proclaimed by the Supreme Court in Obergefell is both a chimera and a distraction. It is a chimera because the Supreme Court cannot make real what is manifestly not real. And it is a distraction because the real “marriage inequality” in the 21st-century United States is not that trumpeted by the Human Rights Campaign but rather the inequality between two classes of Americans: the wealthy and well educated, who marry and prosper, and the poor, underprivileged, and marginalized, who don’t marry and don’t prosper.

And that suggests a few more things Father Murray would say to the bishops of today, and indeed to all his fellow Catholics and fellow Americans: All of these things, which are the first things of public life, are connected; rebuilding marriage culture is one of the best anti-poverty programs in which Catholics, and all people of reason and goodwill, can participate; and making a commitment to help give America a new birth of freedom — freedom tethered to truth and ordered to goodness — is the best birthday present we can give the United States on this Fourth of July.

— George Weigel is Distinguished Senior Fellow of Washington’s Ethics and Public Policy Center, where he holds the William E. Simon Chair in Catholic Studies. He writes from Cracow, where he is currently leading the 24th annual assembly of the Tertio Millennio Seminar on the Free Society.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
445533,"That’s right: We’ll send you 4 FREE issues of National Review at absolutely no risk to you. If you’re impressed by National Review’s superior writing style, analysis, and wit, we’ll send you the next 12 issues  for a total of 16 in all!  for only $$19.95. Click here for details .",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
715097,"George Washington announced his permanent retreat from the world 220 years ago today. His “Farewell Address,” first drafted by Madison and later amended and expanded by Hamilton, was printed in nearly every newspaper in America and read widely throughout Europe.

Tinged by the dark, sober thought that he “must soon be to the mansions of rest,” it contains a penetrating analysis highly relevant to our domestic affairs today, and it remains superior to most comparable documents produced since. He offers his parting words as a “disinterested” onlooker, an “old and affectionate friend” who, without flattery, deals frankly with his countrymen, as is becoming of free citizens.

Washington foresaw that America would become “at no distant period, a great nation.” This would occur partly because North and South, East, and West would eventually become more homogenous on account of internal commerce, and because American commerce would spread throughout the globe. He also saw clearly that other nations would imitate and even adopt America’s constitutional order — if America proved that political liberty could coexist with order and unity.

For Washington, preserving America’s long-term interests required grasping certain permanent problems suffered by republics. Being aware of such problems prevents one from indulging in visionary hopes of total transformation. Such awareness moderates the imagination, staves off fanaticism, and elevates prudence, which can distinguish between the possible and impossible.

Among Washington’s main themes was the conflict between the unity of the public mind and the public’s tendency toward “parties,” or “factions” (terms that he, like many of the Founders, often used interchangeably). By “party” or “faction,” Washington meant the union of individuals who desire to rule without consideration for the lasting common good; a party is often made up of “a small but artful and enterprising minority of the community.”

Without unity of public mind, he argues, prosperity and security are impossible. However, the “natural” passions found in all human beings create parties, which make demands upon citizens’ loyalties and subvert patriotism. The public, in other words, tends in two contrary directions.

Unity means that citizens must first and foremost consider themselves to be Americans, as opposed to members of a party or faction, whether geographical, ideological, or based on some other criteria, such as identity, today. This sort of unity is a prerequisite to prosperity, which may be achieved when a people believe in common ideals, common interests, and, therefore, possess common affections.

The alternative is domination by the spirit of party, which guides citizens in the opposite direction. Rule by this spirit is a special problem of republican government. In fact, it is a republic’s “worst enemy.” In a monarchy, parties can provide a check on power and serve a good; in a republic, parties have few salutary effects.

Parties are not mere aberrations, Washington said. Rather, their cause “is inseparable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind.” In other words, our passionate attachment to particular parties distorts our judgment and obscures consideration of the nation’s long-term interests. Once these natural passions are energized and flattered, a predictable pattern emerges.

First, the rule of one party will inevitably give birth to counter parties. These will alternate in their domination of one another. This alternation of rule will be animated by the spirit of “revenge,” creating permanent “hatreds” and “jealousies” among parties. Citizens may cease to look upon one another as fellow citizens. Now motivated by hatreds, parties desire total domination and eventually become fanatical.

Such parties “distract” leaders and “enfeeble the public administration.” Government becomes divided and unable to perform its duties, and the public may lose faith in republicanism. As this spirit invites greater and greater disorder, the public, exhausted by it, might for the sake of “security” and “repose” give over its liberty to a powerful individual.

The spirit of party will also deform the very possibility of law. Rule of law depends on people’s belief that all citizens are equal before the law, but factional hatreds corrupt this belief by persuading adherents that only one group is right and just. Demagoguery therefore becomes a common practice.

Furthermore, factions can erode the constitutional separation of powers, as a faction can find its home in one of the branches. Once it overtakes certain areas of government, it becomes animated by a “spirit of encroachment.” Eager to consolidate its powers, it will operate by quiet “usurpation.” Surely this is true today of both the judiciary and the administrative state, the latter being a factional stronghold that rules fanatically for its own interests and the interests of it its constituents. As Washington reminds us, the Constitution has mechanisms for its own amendment. But rather than the nation’s voting to amend it, oppositional factions usurp constitutional powers piecemeal, which redoubles hatred and mistrust.

Not surprisingly, Washington discusses religion and morality immediately after he discusses parties. His ordering suggests that parties will rule if too much heterogeneity emerges — on account of a decline in the unity once provided by morality and religion. If the public’s attachment to morality declines, it can become insensible to justice and decency, instead becoming partisan and venal.

If the public’s attachment to morality declines, it can become insensible to justice and decency, instead becoming partisan and venal.

Parties even invite foreign influence, Washington warns. By weakening reverence for one’s own nation, parties give “to ambitious, corrupted, or deluded citizens . . . facility to betray or sacrifice the interests of their own country without odium, sometimes even with popularity” (my emphasis). Today, one wonders whether the Left would sacrifice American interests for favored peoples, such as the Palestinians or, in the case of the Obama administration, the Iranians. Such “passionate attachment” to the foreign need not be done by way of open sabotage during times of war but can come in milder, smiling ways, as expressed memorably by Justice Ginsburg. While visiting Cairo in the wake of the so-called Arab Spring, she offered advice to Egyptians who wished to write their own constitution: “I would not look to the U.S. Constitution if I were drafting a constitution in the year 2012. I might look at the constitution of South Africa.”

The conflict summarized in Washington’s “Farewell Address” is one of the permanent problems of republicanism. Yet today’s progressives openly rule by flattering various factions, encouraging their growth, without responsible consideration of how this may in the long term affect the nation as a whole.

Unlike Washington, the Left simultaneously admits and denies the power of factional passions over the mind: Various “identities” should be flattered into existence and positions of power, while the Left presumes that these attachments will eventually be transformed into love of the common good.

This method of governance presumes that either the entirety of the public will eventually be won over by their opinions or that these factions will generate such mutual affection and interests that they don’t set their teeth upon one another. Such presumptions, for Washington, go against experience, history, and nature. Indeed, they require a belief in the miraculous: After warring with one’s fellow citizens and habitually looking upon them with hatred and jealousy, these passions will spontaneously dissipate and lasting affection will emerge.

Today’s progressives ask us to share their contempt for the past — a past that in their view only serves to demonstrate their superiority. On account of this, they indulge in the belief that all problems are fixable rather than permanent and therefore requiring prudent management. But Washington advises future statesmen to remain constantly aware of the dangers of factionalism: Its causes in human nature cannot be removed, therefore statesman must attempt to “restrain” and “discourage” this natural effect of liberty.

— Arthur Milikh is associate director of the B. Kenneth Simon Center for Principles and Politics at the Heritage Foundation.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
327966,"Here’s Ohio governor John Kasich, declaring he’ll buy Bibles for those who criticize him for expanding Medicaid in his state as part of the implementation of Obamacare:

“Look at Medicaid expansion! Do you know how many people are yelling at me? I go to events where people yell at me. You know what I tell em? I mean, God bless em, I’m telling them a little bit better than this, there’s a book, it’s got a new part and an old part, they put it together. It’s a remarkable book. If you don’t have one, I’ll buy you one, and it talks about how we treat the poor. Sometimes you just have to lead.”

Hat tip Jason Hart, one of Kasich’s toughest home-state critics.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638505,"In 2011, Dennis Kucinich was still a Democratic congressman from Ohio. But he was not walking in lockstep with President Obama — at least not on Libya. True to his anti-war leanings, Kucinich was a staunch opponent of Obama’s unauthorized war against the Qaddafi regime.

Kucinich’s very public efforts included trying to broker negotiations between the administration and the Qaddafi regime, to whom the White House was turning a deaf ear. It was in that context that he took a call in his Washington office from Saif al-Islam Qaddafi, the ruler’s son and confidant. Four years later, as he recalled in a recent opinion piece, Kucinich learned that the call had been recorded and leaked to the Washington Times.

The former lawmaker believes the monitoring of his communication and the subsequent leak are the work of American intelligence agents.

To be sure, it is not a solid case. Kucinich is now a commentator at Fox News, on whose website he explains his side of the story, and on whose programming ardently pro-Trump contributors are a staple — including contributors who have been sympathetic to the new president’s claim that he was monitored by his predecessor. The gist of Kucinich’s piece is to “vouch for the fact that extracurricular surveillance does occur.” The express point is to counter the ridicule heaped on Trump’s claim that he personally was wiretapped at Trump Tower.

As we’ve repeatedly noted (see, e.g., here, here, and here), there is no known support for Trump’s narrow claim (made in a series of March 4 tweets). Yet, there is now overwhelming evidence that the Obama administration monitored Trump associates and campaign and transition officials. There were, moreover, leaks of classified information to the media — particularly in the case of Trump’s original national-security adviser, Michael Flynn, whose telephone communications with Russia’s ambassador to the U.S. were unlawfully disclosed to the Washington Post.

There is a question closely related to that of whether the Obama administration was guilty of a gross abuse of power — exploiting its foreign-intelligence-collection authority to keep tabs on its political opponents, thwarting and punishing their resistance. The question is: Did it start with Donald Trump?

The answer is no.

In an important analysis published by Tablet magazine, Lee Smith considers the likely abuse of foreign-intelligence-collection authority by the Obama administration in connection with negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program. The White House knew there would be vigorous Israeli opposition to the Iran deal — just as there was ardent American opposition to the highly objectionable pact. Notwithstanding that Israel is an important ally, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Ron Dermer, Israel’s ambassador to the U.S., became surveillance targets — agents of a foreign power, treated no differently under the law than such operatives of hostile foreign powers. Fair enough — it is simply a fact that allies occasionally spy on each other. Obviously, their interests sometimes diverge.

But there was something different about this monitoring initiative. It was not targeted merely at Israeli officials plotting their opposition strategy. The Wall Street Journal, Smith notes, reported in late December 2015 that the targeting “also swept up the contents of some of [the Israeli officials’] private conversations with U.S. lawmakers and American-Jewish groups.”

Smith continues:

“At some point, the administration weaponized the NSA’s legitimate monitoring of communications of foreign officials to stay one step ahead of domestic political opponents,” says a pro-Israel political operative who was deeply involved in the day-to-day fight over the Iran Deal. “The NSA’s collections of foreigners became a means of gathering real-time intelligence on Americans engaged in perfectly legitimate political activism — activism, due to the nature of the issue, that naturally involved conversations with foreigners. We began to notice the White House was responding immediately, sometimes within 24 hours, to specific conversations we were having. At first, we thought it was a coincidence being amplified by our own paranoia. After a while, it simply became our working assumption that we were being spied on. This is what systematic abuse of foreign-intelligence collection for domestic political purposes looks like: Intelligence collected on Americans, lawmakers, and figures in the pro-Israel community was fed back to the Obama White House as part of its political operations. The administration got the drop on its opponents by using classified information, which it then used to draw up its own game plan to block and freeze those on the other side. And — with the help of certain journalists whose stories (and thus careers) depend on high-level access — terrorize them. Once you understand how this may have worked, it becomes easier to comprehend why and how we keep being fed daily treats of Trump’s nefarious Russia ties. The issue this time isn’t Israel, but Russia, yet the basic contours may very well be the same.

That, of course, is the Russia issue. Kremlin subterfuge is incontestably a legitimate basis for intelligence collection — indeed, a compelling one. But even a compelling rationale can be used pretextually. Was Russia, and specifically the overwrought “Russia hacked the election” narrative, used as camouflage for what was actually a political spying operation?

Do you really think the Obama administration, which turned the Internal Revenue Service and the Justice Department into process cudgels for beating Obama detractors, would be above that sort of thing?

At her website, Sharyl Attkisson provides a very useful “Obama-era Surveillance Timeline” — with “surveillance” broadly construed to encompass many varieties of government power to collect and coerce the production of information. Attkisson notes, for example:

The IRS’s targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status, a politicized initiative that stymied the groups’ ability to contest Obama’s reelection in 2012.

The administration’s targeting of journalists, including (a) attorney general Eric Holder’s approval of the seizure of personal and business phone records of Associated Press reporters en masse (i.e., not a particularized search targeting a specific journalist suspected of wrongdoing); and (b) Holder’s approval of a warrant targeting the e-mails of Fox News reporter James Rosen in a leak investigation — based on an application in which the government represented to a federal court that the journalist could be guilty of a felony violation of the Espionage Act in connection with a leak of classified information (in addition to purportedly being a “flight risk”).

The administration’s 2011 loosening of minimization procedures to enable more-liberal scrutiny of communications of American citizens incidentally swept up in foreign-intelligence gathering

The administration’s leaks to the media of sensitive government information in apparent retaliation against whistleblowers in the “Fast and Furious” scandal (a scandal in connection with which Holder, after misleading Congress about the “gun-walking” scheme, was ultimately held in contempt of Congress for stonewalling committee subpoenas).

The CIA’s accessing of Senate Intelligence Committee computers and staff e-mails — which CIA director John Brennan initially denied, then apologized for after it was confirmed by an inspector-general report.

The investigation of Trump associate Carter Page, including a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant based on the claim that Page was a Russian agent, which would have authorized monitoring of Page’s communications — including any with Trump, then the Republican nominee for president.

The criminal leaking to the media of former Trump national-security adviser Michael Flynn’s communications with the Russian ambassador to the U.S.

The “unmasking” of identities of Americans (connected to Trump) at the behest of Obama national-security adviser Susan Rice, a White House staffer and Obama confidant.

The promulgation in the last days of Obama’s presidency of new rules enabling the spreading of raw intelligence, including “unmasked” American identities, across the 17-agency U.S. “intelligence community” — which significantly increased the likelihood of leaks. At the same time, according to former Obama Defense Department official Evelyn Farkas, current and former Obama officials were encouraging the transmission of information regarding Trump and his associates to Capitol Hill, further magnifying the potential for leaking.

Ms. Attkisson also has her own story to tell. Formerly at CBS News, she was one of the few journalists at mainstream outlets who aggressively reported on the Fast and Furious scandal and the Benghazi massacre. In the latter, we recall, Rice and other Obama officials falsely told the public that the attack, which resulted in the killing of four Americans including the U.S. ambassador, grew out of spontaneous protest against an anti-Muslim video (rather than being a coordinated jihadist strike). The Obama administration later used its criminal-prosecution authority to trump up a case against its chosen scapegoat: the video producer.

Attkisson’s reporting prompted internal administration complaints that she was “out of control.”

As a tale of political spying intrigue, Dennis Kucinich’s story would not be worth telling. But can it so easily be dismissed after the spying on American critics of the Iran deal?

Based on examinations by two forensic experts, Attkisson and CBS eventually reported that her personal and work computers were “accessed by an unauthorized, external, unknown party on multiple occasions.” Was this “unknown party” the government? The experts say it was a highly advanced intruder, which “used sophisticated methods to remove all possible indications of unauthorized activity.” Moreover, one computer was infiltrated remotely by the use of “new spy software proprietary to a federal agency.”

One of Attkisson’s sources — an unidentified “intelligence-connected” source who suggests that she has been under government surveillance — told her, as she puts it, that “the government has pushed the envelope like never before and that the public would be shocked to ‘learn the extent that the government is conducting surveillance of private citizens.’” According to Attkisson, the FBI opened an investigation of intrusions of her computer. Although the bureau contacted CBS, agents never contacted her, Attkisson reports. In addition, despite her numerous Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, the FBI is said to be withholding investigative information about her.

Is Kucinich another case in point? For now, it is impossible to say.

It is a good bet that the National Security Agency was monitoring the communications of Qaddafi’s son and other regime figures in 2011. If so, it is likely that then-congressman Kucinich was lawfully intercepted “incidentally.” It is also entirely possible, however, that the Libyans themselves were recording their conversations with prominent Americans and that the Kucinich–Qaddafi call was found after the regime fell.

The Washington Times reporters did not reveal to Kucinich how they had gotten the tape, but the paper’s related stories had referred to “secret audio recordings recovered from Tripoli.” Moreover, if the Obama administration had been behind a vindictive leak against Kucinich, one might have expected the leak to have happened in 2011, during Kucinich’s prominent opposition to the Libya war, rather than four years later, when the regime had long been toppled and Kucinich had retired from Congress.

On the other hand, Kucinich recounts that the recording is very clear on both ends (one might expect a Libyan recording would be distinctly clearer on the Libyan end). The Washington Times also does not seem the most natural destination for a secret disclosure from Libya. Furthermore, Kucinich explains, he made routine FOIA requests regarding information pertinent to him before leaving Congress in 2012. Although he did not learn of the recording until 2015, these FOIA requests would have covered his communication with Qaddafi, he adds. Kucinich says that some of the intelligence agencies have failed to respond.

On its own, Dennis Kucinich’s story would not be worth telling — not as a tale of political spying intrigue. But can it so easily be dismissed after the spying on American critics of the Iran deal? The measures taken to make “incidental” monitoring of Americans easier, its fruits far more widely disseminated and, inevitably, criminally leaked? The shocking abuse of IRS processes to collect information on, and procedurally persecute, Barack Obama’s political adversaries? Fast and Furious — the use of government police powers to create a political anti-gun narrative, then the contemptuous cover-up when it went horribly wrong, resulting in a Border Patrol officer’s death? The scandalous Benghazi cover-up — including a bogus prosecution of a pathetic video producer to help prop up the fraud? The monitoring of Trump associates and members of his campaign and transition staffs — the unmasking, the intentional wide dissemination of raw intelligence, the willful felony publication of classified information?

There is considerably more evidence that the Obama administration grossly abused its awesome intelligence-gathering and law-enforcement powers than that Russian meddling had a meaningful impact on the 2016 election. And these abuses of power certainly did not start with the targeting of Donald Trump’s campaign.

— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.

Editor’s Note: This piece has been emended since its initial posting.

READ MORE:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
326975,"Why Do Migrants Always Flock to the West?

By Victor Davis Hanson — September 17, 2015

There is a tragic monotony to the latest massive human migration, this one involving Syrians fleeing their war-torn country.

Whether the migrants are from Mexico, the Islamic world, or elsewhere, it is always the same: Migrants flock to the West.

Mexicans who elect to leave their country do not hop trains to Guatemala. Fleeing Libyans do not head for the Congo. And Syrians do not go to Russia or China.

Migrants — many of them young men — come in such numbers that Western immigration laws are often rendered null and void. Western nations tend to apply their exacting immigration laws only to the much smaller number of immigrants who obey the law.

Sometimes the exoduses are due to endemic poverty, usually brought on by the utter failure of non-Western governments to provide jobs, security, and basic social services. Sometimes tribal, religious, or drug wars cause the exoduses.

EDITORIAL: Europe’s Nervous Breakdown — Part 142

Yet neither the Latin American nor the Islamic world analyzes why millions of their own are fleeing to cultures that are usually criticized — other than an occasional half-hearted whine about the legacy of imperialism, colonialism, and a potpourri of other historical grievances.

Nor does the deer-in-the-headlights American or European host dare to remind newcomers that its uniquely Western menu — free-market capitalism, private property, a free press, meritocracy, consensual government, religious tolerance, equality between the sexes, and individual freedom — draws in people, while the antitheses repel them.

The mentalities of both the Western hosts and the non-Western migrants have become predictable.

Many ordinary middle-class Westerners oppose massive influxes of immigrants. These citizens do not like seeing laws rendered null and void. They fear that their schools, health facilities, legal systems, and social services will be overwhelmed and left unable to effectively serve their own middle classes and poor.

The masses in the West have learned such caution from experience. The sudden appearance of huge numbers of immigrants — when coupled with poverty, lack of language facility, and little education — for decades afterwards has impeded easy integration, assimilation, and intermarriage within Western society.

As a result, a divisive, salad-bowl multicultural separatism often arises.

Given the challenges of facing strange customs, traditions, and languages, guests naturally find it difficult to achieve rapid parity with hosts. It is soon forgotten in the first generation that being in the underclass in the West was once thought better than the alternative back home. That paradox is soon forgotten by the often disgruntled — and less desperate — children of migrants.

Millions of immigrants to the West soon sense that their own lack of parity and sheer numbers can translate into a powerful political constituency — all the more so if it stays angry, unassimilated, and occasionally replenished by new waves of arrivals.

RELATED: Europe Is Making a Fatal Mistake

Western elites in politics, journalism, academia, religion, and the arts snipe at their own supposedly illiberal majorities. How dare these cruel hearts question the wisdom of accepting legions of anonymous newcomers!

Yet too many elites unfortunately are poseurs. These privileged Westerners assume that the real consequences of unchecked migration should always fall on others who are less sophisticated and who lack the elites’ capital, education, and influence to find everyday exemption from the real-life consequences of their own idealism.

Should Harvard or Oxford open their ample campuses to migrant tent cities, should the wealthy in Malibu and Monaco allow their beaches to become refugee campgrounds, should the Vatican turn its vast plaza into beds and soup kitchens for thousands, then a member of the elite might not be so jaded about the vast abyss between what is lectured and what is actually done.

RELATED: The Global-Governance Crowd Dictates Wildly Unrealistic Policies

Non-Western countries are even more two-faced about immigration. Saudi Arabia, for example, has not used its trillions of petrodollars to take in fellow Muslims from neighboring countries. But it has offered to build 200 mosques in Germany. The Saudis logically assume that unassimilated young male Muslim immigrants in Europe will be ripe for the Saudis’ own brand of extremist Islamic chauvinism and resistance to Western modernism.

In the case of Mexico, it expects that the United States would never treat immigrants in the manner that Mexico deals with migrants.

Not long ago, the Mexican government printed comic-book-style manuals on how to enter the U.S. illegally. Apparently, Mexico does not want to retain its own citizens. It assumes that they cannot read and are in need of pictographic instruction. And it advises them to break its neighbor’s immigration laws. How else to ensure that an estimated $$30 billion in remittances each year are sent home to Mexico from its expatriates?

We all lie to ourselves about immigration. The world over seems to want what often-complacent, affluent Westerners take for granted. But no one dares to say why this is so, or why some are driving out — and others are drawing in — millions on the move.

— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]. © 2015 Tribune Media Services, Inc.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
648826,"Last September, Columbia University president Lee Bollinger withdrew Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s invitation to speak at Columbia’s World Leaders Forum, overruling the dean in charge of the program. It was the right call, but this year Bollinger has reversed course and decided to allow Ahmadinejad to speak at the forum. Columbia students should show the judgment and decency Bollinger lacks by boycotting the event.

Bollinger’s ill-advised reversal raises the question: What’s changed? Well, since last September, Ahmadinejad has ramped up his crackdown on Iranian universities, purging them of professors who have spoken out against his regime; he has convened a conference of Holocaust deniers dressed up as a scholarly inquiry; he has repeatedly defied calls to suspend Iran’s nuclear program; and he has sponsored proxy wars against Israel in Lebanon and U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. In other words, not much.

So what’s behind Bollinger’s change of heart? Evidently this year he secured a guarantee that Ahmadinejad would submit to “a series of sharp challenges” from Bollinger himself, on issues ranging from Holocaust denial to support for terrorism. Bollinger stated that allowing Ahmadinejad to speak at the forum is an essential part of Columbia’s commitment to free speech.

In fact, we know how Ahmadinejad will answer the questions Bollinger plans to ask; he has not been shy when it comes to granting interviews to Western reporters such as Mike Wallace, Anderson Cooper, and, most recently, Scott Pelley of CBS News. Ahmadinejad proved himself fully capable of lying his way through their “sharp challenges,” and he will probably find Bollinger an even less intimidating interlocutor. Ahmadinejad has had plenty of chances to speak freely to Western audiences — and to have his positions challenged — but never have his repugnant viewpoints been given the legitimacy that comes with a speaking slot at a prestigious university.

Nor has Bollinger traditionally demonstrated a commitment to freedom of speech that might allow us to take him at his word. As dean of the University of Michigan Law School, he had a golden opportunity to take a stand for free speech when that school enacted one of the nation’s most draconian speech codes (later struck down as unconstitutional). According to people involved in the fight, Bollinger remained on the sidelines, coming out against the speech code only after the battle had already been won.

Ahmadinejad’s visit to Columbia has nothing to do with freedom of speech. Rather, it is one more capitulation in series of victories for anti-Israel sentiment at the university. Columbia has long had problems with professors’ intimidating students who disagree with them about Israel’s right to exist, and its Middle East–studies department is a hotbed of anti-Israel hysteria. The sad reality is that there isn’t much daylight between Ahmadinejad’s positions on the legitimacy of the founding of Israel and those of Columbia professors Joseph Massad and Gil Anidjar.

The members of Columbia’s board of trustees bear as much guilt as Bollinger for providing a platform for Ahmadinejad’s views; so far none of them has called for his invitation to be withdrawn, and the board’s chairman has defended Bollinger’s decision. With the school’s administrators demonstrating such a deficiency of leadership, the responsibility for standing up to Iran’s thuggish ruler falls on the university’s students, dozens of whom are planning to protest Ahmadinejad’s speech on Monday afternoon.

Ahmadinejad’s visit provides an opportunity for non-protesting students to do the right thing too. They are adults, and should be mature enough not to attend this disgraceful spectacle. Iran’s president is directly responsible for the deaths of Americans in Iraq. The young men and women of Morningside Heights aren’t being asked to risk their lives for their country, but they should be expected to stand in solidarity with those who bravely do.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
323371,"Macron it is

By Andrew Stuttaford — May 7, 2017

As expected, Emmanuel Macron, the establishment candidate (however much this might be denied), has managed a comfortable 63-37 (or more – the numbers are not final) win over Marine Le Pen in the French presidential elections.

Turnout looks to have been down (and blank votes up), suggesting that the voters were none too impressed by the choice they were required to make, an impression reinforced by one poll showing that 43 percent of Macron voters gave opposition to Marine Le Pen as their main reason for voting for him. According to the same poll, 33 percent of Macron voters saw their vote primarily as one for ‘political renewal’ (Spoiler: they will be disappointed) and 16 percent put it down to Macron’s program, no minor feat as no one really knows what his program will be (something sort-of-Blairite maybe, but probably further to the left).

Just one poll, but interesting.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720628,"As American negotiators again blow past their self-imposed deadline for a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran, and the Iranians continue to dig in their heels, there are increasing signs that the terms of any final deal could get even worse for American interests. Critics, including Governor Scott Walker (R., Wisc.), have already called for us to “step away from this bad deal.” Many believe Obama is so committed to sealing a deal that the terms don’t really matter. But even this president, with his reputation for irresolution, has stated that he is willing to “walk away.” While there is reason to doubt this statement, given recent developments, it is at least worth asking what walking away would look like.

The answer is not yet clear. The Obama administration has frequently argued that the only alternative to negotiations is war, but this is a canard intended to build support for a deal. Indeed, since Obama has been unwilling to enforce his own redlines in the past, it is unlikely he would reach for the military option now if negotiations break down. Moreover, due to the administration’s single-minded focus on striking an accord, it is unlikely that it has a well-thought-out Plan B.

The obvious default would be to return to the interim deal, the so-called Joint Plan of Action (JPOA). Administration officials have suggested this as the most desirable path forward if negotiations fail. According to these forever-JPOA advocates, although the Iranians would continue to receive modest sanctions relief, an extension would guarantee a nuclear-weapon-free Iran, assuming Tehran continues to comply.

Simply returning to the JPOA, however, would be a serious mistake. It is called an “interim” deal because it was intended to remain in place for only six months, to create time and space for a comprehensive accord. While it has been extended long past its original shelf life, it was never meant to be permanent. And for good reason: Under the JPOA, Iran’s nuclear breakout time (the period needed to assemble one bomb’s worth of weapons-grade uranium) is only two to three months — much too close for comfort. It also permits Iran to continue research and development on advanced centrifuges, which would further reduce its breakout time. Allowing Iran to keep (and potentially reduce) this breakout capability kindles regional instability and weakens global nonproliferation norms. Worse still, like the current deal under negotiation, the interim accord ignores other aspects of Iran’s nuclear development, like warhead design and ballistic missiles, permitting Iran to work on the elements of nuclear weaponization it hasn’t yet mastered.

If this outcome were acceptable, we could simply declare the interim deal final and be done with it. But it is not acceptable, and we should not risk making the temporary permanent through a string of unlimited extensions.

Instead, if we are to continue negotiations, Iran must be incentivized to move towards a more acceptable bargain. It must realize that it cannot drag out negotiations, pocket concessions, and receive one extension after another. The Supreme Leader’s inflexibility reveals that he may very well prefer the status quo over tough compromises.

If Iran cannot immediately accept these terms, we should build support for a new round of crippling sanctions and, if necessary, go it alone, as in the past.

The best possible option, therefore, is to return to the pressure track. We must give Iran a clear choice between a truly good deal and a significantly less pleasant future.

Iran has repeatedly missed its opportunity to seize our gift of a deal, so, rather than making even more concessions — as the administration appears ready to do — we should tighten our demands. Iran can have a peaceful nuclear program and a lifting of international sanctions over time, but only if it completely dismantles its enrichment facilities. Like the vast majority of countries with a peaceful program, Iran can import nuclear fuel from abroad; it need not enrich domestically.

Champions of the current framework deal have argued that a zero-enrichment deal is impossible, but past diplomatic breakthroughs, including the zero-enrichment deal with Libya in 2003 and even the interim nuclear accord with Iran, were unfathomable just months before they were struck.

If Iran cannot immediately accept these terms, we should build support for a new round of crippling sanctions and, if necessary, go it alone, as in the past. Combined with an oil price of just over $$50 a barrel, such sanctions could reconstitute the kind of pressure that forced Iran to the table before.

The administration has long warned that new sanctions will cause Iran to pursue a nuclear breakout, but when Congress put sanctions in place between 2010 and 2013, Iran didn’t build weapons. To the contrary, the sanctions drove Iran to negotiate seriously for the first time. Even taking the administration at its word, there is an obvious way to address this concern: set clear redlines and be prepared to enforce them. If Tehran is reckless enough to dash ahead anyway, America can exercise its military option, setting Iran’s program back several years. Rather than choose war with the United States, however, it is much more likely Tehran will do what it takes to avoid conflict, allowing time for pressure to mount, and laying the groundwork for an unquestionably good deal that could win bipartisan support.

We can hope that the Obama administration will follow our advice and press its significant bargaining advantage, but that seems unlikely. Unfortunately, therefore, we might have to wait until January 2017 for stronger American leadership. Either way, this is the only course of action that holds out the possibility of truly resolving the Iranian nuclear crisis.

— Jamil Jaffer is the former chief counsel and senior advisor to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and an adjunct professor of law and director of the Homeland and National Security Law Program at George Mason University School of Law. Matthew Kroenig is associate professor of government at Georgetown University, a senior fellow at the Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security at The Atlantic Council, and a former adviser on Iran policy in the Office of the Secretary of Defense.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
623422,"Senate Republicans released a revised tax-reform bill yesterday. Our concerns with the first draft of the bill were with its changes to the individual tax code, and the new bill makes key improvements on that end. The most significant change is to repeal Obamacare’s individual mandate, a good idea that will require careful implementation.

Repealing the mandate will save the government money that it would have otherwise paid out in the form of health-insurance subsidies. That should reduce the amount by which tax reform will widen the deficit, but it almost certainly won’t save the more than $$300 billion the Congressional Budget Office estimates it will. The CBO analysis relies on the faulty assumption that 13 million people would drop insurance coverage if the mandate were eliminated, and the agency itself has said it will soon be revising this estimate downward. Republicans should not pretend all the CBO’s projected savings will materialize while denying the coverage losses will happen; they should make sure their proposal sticks to their budget constraints even if savings from the repeal of the mandate are modest.

Even if it won’t save as much money as expected, repeal is the right thing to do. The individual mandate is an unacceptably coercive policy that forces people to buy a product they might not want. Still, getting rid of it while keeping the rest of Obamacare’s regulations in place will raise premiums for consumers. To solve that problem, Republicans should commit to a renewed push for health-care reform.

As it stands now, Senate Republicans have reportedly committed to passing the Alexander-Murray compromise alongside the tax-reform bill. When Alexander-Murray was first floated, it was a one-sided bill that was not worth conservative support, funding Obamacare’s cost-sharing-reduction payments and securing little in exchange. It may be worth including if it somehow helps wrangle the last few GOP votes for tax reform. But Alexander-Murray still does not do enough in the way of deregulation, and it should either relax the Obamacare regulations at the federal level or allow states more power to determine their own health-care systems. House Republicans, who are not bound by Senate deals, should accordingly propose a version of the bill with more aggressive deregulation.

Elsewhere, the tax bill expands the child tax credit to a proposed $$2,000. Previous iterations of the House and Senate bills have merely restructured existing pro-parent features of the tax code, but this change actually expands them. That will provide most middle-class families with significant tax relief, and it assuages one of our chief concerns with the initial version of the bill.

The new bill includes a sunset provision under which individual-tax reforms such as the expanded child tax credit, the expanded standard deduction, the abolition of the state and local tax deduction (SALT), and other such measures would expire after 2025. (The corporate-rate cut would remain permanent.) That brings the projected cost of the bill down, but the risks to the enlarged child credit and standard deduction seem small. Even if Democrats are in power then, they will presumably be loath to let these popular provisions die.

Conservatives should not ignore the importance of keeping the federal deficit under control, nor the risks of repealing the mandate without broad-based health-care reform. But Republicans are taking important steps toward achieving a worthwhile goal, and their efforts are worth conservative support.

READ MORE:

NR Editorial: The GOP Tax Plan is a Decent Start

Entitlement Reform Required for Tax Reform

The Perilous Path to Tax Reform

— Get insight from the best conservative writers delivered to your inbox; sign up for National Review Online’s newsletters today.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
902944,"Trump’s Poland Speech: A Call for Preserving Western Civilization

The president’s speech went beyond affirming a commitment to America’s NATO allies.

By Jeff Cimmino — July 6, 2017

It was not so long ago that the president dismissed NATO as “obsolete.” President Trump’s campaign promise of an “America First” foreign policy spurred some to fear an America turned inward, shunning the post-World War II international order and its concomitant transatlantic commitments.

In a speech on Thursday, however, Trump seemed to lay to rest any notions of a drastic rebalance. Poland will receive Patriot missile-defense systems from the United States, a departure from President Obama’s policy and a move sure to rankle Russian president Vladimir Putin. Arguably as notable as this was how Trump transformed his prior concerns about NATO into a hopeful, yet still cautious, message for uniting Europe in defense of Western civilization:

The fundamental question of our time is whether the West has the will to survive. Do we have the confidence in our values to defend them at any cost? Do we have enough respect for our citizens to protect our borders? Do we have the desire and the courage to preserve our civilization in the face of those who would subvert and destroy it?

Instead of just enumerating common threats like radical Islamist terrorism or even Russian aggression in Ukraine, Trump appealed to the European soul. After painting a portrait of Poland as a longsuffering, but unbreakable, nation, he asked for renewed resolve from the rest of the continent:

We have to remember that our defense is not just a commitment of money, it is a commitment of will. Because as the Polish experience reminds us, the defense of the West ultimately rests not only on means, but also on the will of its people to prevail and be successful and get what you have to have.

He also asserted that the United States stands with Europe in the quest to preserve a common civilizational heritage:

We must work together to confront forces, whether they come inside or out, from the south or the east, that threaten over time to undermine these values and to erase the bonds of culture, faith, and tradition that make us who we are.

Trump did not abandon his prior insistence that all NATO members must contribute “their full and fair financial obligation” to the alliance, but the tone in which he reiterated this point was different. Rather than pointing fingers, the speech called for a collective effort that would accrue to the benefit of all parties.

Does Trump actually understand the gravity of the message he conveyed? His speech recasts NATO as not only a geopolitical alliance against Russia and various other threats, but the shield of Western civilization. Yet it seems hard to believe that Trump holds any sort of deep, personal appreciation for Western civilization or has any sense of the meaning embedded in its heritage.

It is refreshing to see the president commit to defending the U.S.’s traditional allies against a revanchist Russia and radical jihadists. Moreover, it’s good to hear his (at least superficial) nod to the importance of preserving Western culture. But from where is the president getting this sudden impulse to be the protector of the West? If it is simply being fed to him by policy advisors, then there is less reason to trust he will remain loyal to NATO allies. Moreover, it would reduce his speech to hollow rhetoric.

In the end, Trump may have been entirely genuine in his speech. One certainly hopes he is committed to supporting America’s European allies. Even so, there is still the question of whether or not European nations have the will to renew a robust transatlantic alliance. And even if they are, will they be willing to look to Trump for leadership?

READ MORE:

Trump’s Poland Speech is NOT Alt-Right

Trump’s Poland Speech: A Blow Against Universalism

Eastern Europe’s History Has Lessons for America

— Jeff Cimmino is an editorial intern at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
904246,"The Washington Post writes up a new one from a group of researchers centered around Boston University. It finds that “shall-issue” concealed-carry laws, which allow all citizens to carry guns provided they don’t have significant criminal records and meet any training requirements, “were significantly associated with 6.5% higher total homicide rates, 8.6% higher firearm homicide rates, and 10.6% higher handgun homicide rates, but were not significantly associated with long-gun or nonfirearm homicide.”

The study’s methods seem basically sound, and it differs in interesting ways from previous work, including using new statistical techniques and an additional year of data, as well as disaggregating homicides according to what type of gun they were committed with. Perhaps the biggest nit I can pick is that the overall and firearm-homicide results include justifiable homicides, but Michael Siegel, the study’s lead author, tells me those were removed for the analyses of handgun and long-gun homicides. (They rely on different data sets, one of which includes information on whether a homicide was justifiable and the other of which does not.) Some might also worry that it doesn’t account for homicide trends within states that had begun before right-to-carry laws were enacted, though that technical debate is a bit beyond my ken as a journalism major. And with these studies one can always argue about which variables the authors chose to “control” for and which were left out.

This is worth taking seriously, but it doesn’t push me away from my general skepticism of claims that concealed carry either increases or reduces crime. Here’s a brief explanation as to why.

I’ve been following this debate for more than a decade, during which time there’s been a fundamental shift in the literature. Back in the day, in general, some studies found that concealed carry reduced crime while others were unable to detect a difference. In 2005, the National Academies put out a report coming down with the agnostics, yet one member of the panel dissented, preferring the more-guns-less-crime view. But more recently, some concealed-carry states have seen increases in crime relative to other states, and the results in later work have thus shifted. Some studies now find an increase in violent crime, though until now, increases in murder have been a bit more elusive.

Here is an often-cited recent analysis, for example. Dig through the tables to see that, bizarrely, for the full period of 1977 to 2014, the results for overall violent crime are pretty consistent while the results for murder are usually statistically insignificant. (The results limited to 2000 to 2014 are if anything more chaotic and uncertain.) That study actually includes many more years of data than does the current one (which runs from 1991 to 2015).

The violent-crime trend might be real . . . but does that mean concealed carry becomes harmful over time, as more people acquire permits, or is something else going on today in the disproportionately red and rural states that enacted these laws years ago? The new study’s finding of a homicide increase concentrated among handgun homicides certainly buttresses the former possibility. But why is it able to find a result (increased homicide) that didn’t show up consistently in previous research using more data?

For the record, I generally respect Siegel’s work — and he’s proven willing to defy the consensus of his public-health field on vaping, another issue dear to us conservatarian types. But my jaded belief after spending far too much of my life reading these kinds of studies is that (A) there are many subjective decisions researchers have to make when they do this work and (B) the true effects of concealed carry are small enough that they will appear or disappear based on these subjective judgments, whether or not researchers are intentionally biased.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
296697,"Michael Hiltzik, a columnist for the Los Angeles Times has published a heated response to my piece on the intellectual and political background of the College Board’s changes to the AP U.S. History Exam.

Hiltzik accuses me of being part of “the right’s effort to suck the teaching of advanced U.S. History into the culture wars.” Actually, the College Board itself became responsible for sucking history education into the culture wars when it substituted a massively detailed set of teaching guidelines for the brief conceptual outline it issued in previous years. That earlier outline, by virtue of its brevity, wisely allowed AP U.S. History to be taught from a variety of perspectives. Because of its length and its inevitably controversial choices of particular themes and issues to emphasize, the College Board’s new Framework cannot help but stoke public debate.

The College Board itself was perfectly aware that its unprecedented decision to issue a detailed teaching framework would stir up public controversy. In a 2013 article published in the OAH Magazine of History, Lawrence Charap, in overall charge of the new Framework’s development, said “the choices made around which details are explicitly included in the Curriculum Framework will inevitably invite detractors.” Charap goes on to acknowledge receiving feedback from AP U.S. history teachers complaining about the new Framework’s “political correctness.” Invoking memories of the “history wars,” Charap goes on to say that he expects the new Framework will kick up a debate among “historians, history teachers, and the public.” Charap claims to welcome such debate.

So the College Board knew this controversy was coming, and could easily have avoided it by sticking with the brief and flexible conceptual outline it had used for many years. Or, if that outline needed tweaking, this could easily have been done without creating the vastly more coercive attempt to frame the teaching of American history that eventually emerged.

Hiltzik suggests that I want “everything” about U.S. history to be “viewed positively and uncritically by Americans themselves or by people outside its borders.” I neither said nor believe that. I do believe that the Framework is far too negatively tilted. Again, however, differences of this sort should be left to states, school districts, teachers and parents to resolve. The extended, selective, and directive nature of the new Framework inhibits freedom of decision at the local level.

When I say that historian Thomas Bender, who seeks fundamental changes to the way American history is taught, wants less taught about the Pilgrims, Plymouth Colony, and John Winthrop’s City on the Hill, and more taught about the role of the plantation economy and the slave trade in the rise of an intrinsically exploitative international capitalism, Hiltzik asks “What’s wrong with that?” Hiltzik sees Bender’s preference as a welcome move away from “stereotypes” toward a focus on “the flow of underlying historical trends.”

That is far too simple.

There is plenty to criticize in John Winthrop and the Pilgrims, of course. And there is real distance between the ideas that shaped Pilgrim society and the principles that eventually came to serve as the foundation of American democracy. Yet there is important continuity as well. All of that needs to be traced and discussed in any good account of American political and cultural history. When Hiltzik dismisses the very subject matter of Winthrop and the Pilgrims as a “stereotype,” he betrays the kind of bias that taints the AP U.S. History Framework itself, since the Framework greatly downplays political and religious history in favor of a negatively tilted social-historical approach.

Nor need we accept the notion that attention to social history and “the flow of underlying historical trends” is identical with the recognition of capitalist exploitation. Leftist American historians paint capitalism is inevitably flawed, even racist, at its core. That is eminently disputable. Hiltzik, however, seems to have made up his mind on that score.

Again, my purpose is neither to force the teaching of American history into an entirely positive mold, nor to prevent states, districts, teachers or parents who prefer the approach from left-leaning social history from adopting it. On the contrary, I am asking for a return to a brief conceptual outline that allows a variety of approaches.

Thomas Bender and the historians behind the La Pietra report have made a concerted public effort to radically reshape the teaching of American history at every educational level. Those efforts may be familiar to historians, but they are not familiar to the American public. If we are going to have the public debate over the teaching of AP U.S. History that the College Board says it welcomes, why shouldn’t Americans be informed about this movement among historians, and its long-standing alliance with the College Board and the authors of the new Framework?

The College Board has claimed merely to be updating the teaching of AP U.S. History to bring it into conformity with the “findings” of current scholarship, as if the latest scholarship in American history was the equivalent of recent discoveries in physics or chemistry, with no political agenda of its own. It’s important to bring across to the public the underlying political agenda of historians who’ve influenced the College Board, so as to puncture this myth of academic neutrality.

Hiltzik says he favors “critical” history. Well, I’m offering a critical history of intellectual and political influences on the College Board. It’s a history that’s sorely needed.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
700011,"Punahou Pride

By Michael Walsh — October 19, 2011

As if further proof were needed that the Left lives in an alternative universe, President Obama’s self-congratulatory interview with ABC’s Jake Tapper ladles up a whole heapin’ helpin’ [emphasis mine]:

I guarantee it’s going to be a close election because the economy is not where it wants to be and even though I believe all the choices we’ve made have been the right ones, we’re still going through difficult circumstances. That means people who may be sympathetic to my point of view still kind of feel like, yeah, but it still hasn’t gotten done yet. This is going to be a close election and a very important one for the American people. The thing I hope the most is that everyone is going to be paying close attention to the debate that takes place because it could determine not just what happens over the next four years, but what’ll happen over the next 20 or 30 years.

Don’t-blame-me Barry, at it again. Just like Communism, Obamaism hasn’t failed — it just hasn’t been tried properly yet.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
704166,"Plus one article on Google Plus

Fox News is reporting that the charges are being dropped against all three Duke lacrosse players.

UPDATE: Rape charges are being dropped, but kidnapping and sexual-offense charges still seem to be standing….",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
637629,"Re Jonah’s column today, “‘I Have Rights’”: Clint Eastwood fans will recall that this was also the plaintive—and wholly unsympathetic—cry of the killer in Dirty Harry, when Inspector Callahan proceeded to torture the punk into revealing the whereabouts of the kidnap victim.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638072,"In the debate Thursday night, Hillary Clinton pronounced herself glad that Barack Obama had brought up the subject of foreign affairs. The technique is common. It says to the audience that Clinton is aware of a deficiency in Obama and intends to exploit it for all it is worth. The danger is that it gives Obama an opportunity to turn the score on Clinton by saying that he just happens to have made his living for three years by writing on foreign affairs for the Encyclopaedia Britannica.

These verbal traps are widely used and widely counter-used. The best collection of them appears in the last few pages of Fowler’s Modern English Usage, but of course that section is only a small part of his great work. It is worth acquainting the reader with the teeming harvest of Fowler’s analysis.

He offers us, for instance, a list of words owing their vogue to the joy of showing that one has acquired them: allergic, ambience, ambivalent, catalyst, complex, equate, global, idiosyncrasy, protagonist, repercussion, seminal, streamlined.

He gives another list of words taken up merely as novel variants on a more common word: adumbrate for sketch, blueprint for plan, breakthrough for achievement, built-in for solid, ceiling for limit, claim for assert, integrate for combine, intrigue for interest, liquidate for destroy, reaction for opinion, optimistic for hopeful, redundant for superfluous, rewarding for satisfying, significant for important, sabotage for wreck, target for objective, smear for calumny.

And there are words owing their vogue to some particular occasion, plus “popularized technicalities” (words legitimately used in some scientific discipline, but brought carelessly into general use): acid test, coexistence, exponential growth, geometric progression, iron curtain, psychological moment, winds of change. And words of rhetorical appeal: archetypal, challenging, dedicated, fabulous, fantastic, massive, overtones, sensational, unthinkable.

My reluctance to quote at such length from the great Fowler is mitigated by my serious wish that students of the English language would themselves take the initiative of familiarizing themselves with the profundities and niceties of the points being made by Mr. Fowler.

So Sen. Clinton will tell us that Sen. Obama has no first-hand executive experience. Obama in turn will imply that the kind of experience one gets as first lady is not of the same order as one gets as president, and that he has felt as keenly as she the pulse beat that resonates only in Congress, not in executive offices.

The viewer will have noted that it is expressions of this kind — i.e., personalized derogation and hauteur — that elicit the most vivid response from the audience. Presidential candidates no longer even try to sound like the Lincoln-Douglas debates, yet it is not bad occasionally to subject them to such analysis, to learn what it is that is not being said.

The matter of health care that has been primary in Mrs. Clinton’s public career lends itself to special attention. She put forth an ambitious program when her husband was in his first term as president. But there were serious defects in that program, which her opponents were able to locate precisely because of their experience in the practical world of politics that she sought to gainsay. Those opponents, led by Rep. Newt Gingrich, were able to derail the program the Clinton administration had billed as its most important domestic initiative. And yet in Thursday night’s debate Mrs. Clinton cited that plan — which she implied she would revive unchanged — as one of her principal claims to the presidency.

The two performers in the debate struck the observant conservative as intelligent, resourceful, and absolutely uninterested in the vector of political force. Both contenders should spend time on the problem of omnipotent government, and both, while entitled to criticize what has happened under President Bush, are obliged to an alert audience to speak the kind of language Fowler preached and preached in.

© 2008 UNIVERSAL PRESS SYNDICATE",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
326327,"The U.S. is enjoying a startling revival of its oil & gas industry. Millions of jobs and billions in revenues have been unleashed by tech-centric drilling on private and state lands. Domestic oil production has reversed a 40-year decline. There’s so much natural gas in production that ports planned a few years ago to handle imports are now being redesigned for exports.

But the primary technique responsible for this largesse, simplistically known as “fracking,” has become embroiled in controversy over safety claims. Activists are trying to get it banned wherever they can — by town, city, or state — and simultaneously to encourage onerous new federal regulations that could throttle the industry.

Much of the alarmism can be traced to a widely excerpted clip from GasLand, a 2010 documentary. It shows well water, drilled near fracked gas fields, flowing from a kitchen sink, aflame. Actually, the water in question “contained biogenic methane” not attributable to hydraulic fracturing. But GasLand writer/narrator Josh Fox says that fact isn’t “relevant.”

This particularly egregious distortion is likely what animated Irish investigative journalist Phelim McAleer to dig deeper into GasLand’s claims. McAleer’s resulting documentary, FrackNation, opens January 7 in New York City. FrackNation is an elegant antidote to GasLand, andcoincidentally to Matt Damon’s new Promised Land, the latter a “clumsy crusade against fracking,” according to a recent NRO review.

McAleer begins witha revealing public exchange with Fox at a GasLand screening in 2011, then visits the residents of the bucolic farmlands where fracking is done, or could be done. (Full disclosure: McAleer also interviews my colleague, Manhattan Institute senior fellow Robert Bryce.) Fox repeatedly refuses an interview, so McAleer executes a Michael Moore–style ambush. Fox scurries away, and gets security to remove McAleer and his team from a public building. In running, Fox only indicts himself.

FrackNation eviscerates one after another of Fox’s claims, including an assertion that breast-cancer rates soared around Texas’ shale-oil fields. The AP has reported the Texas Cancer Registry shows no such fact.

McAleer’s gentle manner and Irish brogue are well-suited to this often emotionally charged issue. Still, at one point McAleer is threatened with potential violence by a woman who has claimed her well water was contaminated by fracking but refuses to share with McAleer the EPA test that showed otherwise. With a Freedom Of Information request, McAleer pried loose the EPA video documenting that agency’s contentious meeting with the homeowner.

The issue for McAleer is not just the unreasonable alarmism on display, but its effect on the people who are denied the game-changing economic benefits wherever fracking is blocked.

Of course there are local environmental considerations with oil and gas that warrant caution, as with many industries. But the issues — from road wear-and-tear, to noise and surface management of fuel and waste — are not unique to fracking.

For the record, a comprehensive review in the Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum reached the same conclusion as McAleer: “ . . . hydraulic fracturing is a safe and effective way to recover oil and gas from shale formations.” Even exiting EPA head Lisa Jackson told Congress there are no “proven cases where the fracking process itself has affected water.”

It’s worth pointing out that for every hard-hat job in the field, this boom creates six related jobs from manufacturing and education to health care and information services. It generates royalties and taxes that fund social programs, research, education, and infrastructure. The nation stands to gain over four million jobs from expanding hydrocarbon production, as well asover $$2 trillion in total economic benefits. That’s a lot to pass up because of distorted hype over fracking.

— Mark P. Mills is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and author of Unleashing the North American Energy Colossus.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
518700,"I have been getting Christmas cards from readers. This is wonderful

(especially considering that I am weeks behind on e-mail). Thank you all.

Bless you all.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
68150,"2014: Obama’s America

Scandals now come so fast that each new mess makes us forget the previous one.

By Victor Davis Hanson — July 17, 2014

The summer of 2014 will go down in history as the season when America fell apart. Let’s take a tour of the disasters.

Germany in 2008 enthusiastically hosted candidate Barack Obama for his so-called Victory Column speech. Now, Germans suddenly sound as if they are near-enemies of the U.S. Chancellor Angela Merkel reportedly was furious that her cell phone was tapped by American intelligence agents. She just kicked the top CIA official out of Germany, further enraged that the U.S. had recruited at least one German official to provide intelligence on the German government. Polls show that Germans find Vladimir Putin’s Russian tyranny to be almost as popular as Barack Obama’s America.

Japan is becoming similarly frustrated with the U.S. It is rearming like crazy to confront an aggressive China. Both Asian powers apparently assume that Obama won’t guarantee the security of the Japanese as America has in the past.

The Middle East is dissolving. Taking U.S. peacekeepers out of Iraq proved a disaster. The radical jihadists of ISIS are overrunning Syria and Iraq, as they extend their destruction even to the mute stones of religious sanctuaries.

War looms between Israel and the Palestinians as they exchange rockets and bombs. Older Americans had an idea of what Afghanistan will look like by 2016 after Obama announced a pullout of all U.S. troops. They remember Saigon of 1975 all too well.

Crimea has become a Russian satellite. The fate of the Ukraine hangs in the balance. In between his conquests, Russia’s Putin openly ridicules the impotence of the U.S. He is often called to the Middle East on the perception that he can address problems that America runs away from.

From his sanctuary perch in Russia, National Security Agency turncoat Edward Snowden is once again releasing top-secret data that shreds the credibility of the Obama administration.

Foreign leaders don’t trust the U.S. They are baffled as to whether America is guilty of incompetence in hiring such a roguish dropout snoop in the first place, or guilty of cynically spying on America’s best friends — or both.

The economy shrank last quarter. Record numbers of adult Americans are still not working. Zero-interest rates have destroyed the tradition of passbook savings and the very idea of thrift.

No-interest financial policies ignited a stampede to the stock market that has further enriched the one-percenters — an artificial boom that everyone believes will soon bust.

The borrowing of $7 trillion has proved no stimulus. A natural American recovery was stymied by vast federal borrowing, by the addition of more incomprehensible regulations, and by an Obamacare package that proved to be the opposite of almost everything that was promised. Inflation is said to be manageable, but only by not counting soaring food, gas, and electricity costs that do the most to erode family budgets.

U.S. immigration law simply no longer exists. Incoming foreign nationals more likely welcome arrest than fear it. Tens of thousands of newly arrived immigrants expect that the cynical coalition of commercial interests, ethnic activists, and political operatives have subverted existing federal law. America is now wide open. Almost anyone can cross the border and receive subsidized sanctuary. If you object, you are a nativist, racist, or xenophobe — take your pick.

No one denies that top IRS officials lost or destroyed key documents concerning the agency’s election-time efforts to subvert conservative organizations. The unbiased IRS that we once knew has vanished. It has become an appendage of the ruling government that punishes enemies and rewards friends — and dodges a high-level audit by lying in the same fashion as the tax cheats it goes after.

Americans accept the fact that a video never had anything to do with the killing of four American officials in Benghazi and know that the Obama administration knew precisely that when it assured them otherwise.

No one has heard anything lately from Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, who was traded for five of the most dangerous jihadists the U.S. had in its custody. The less we know about why Bergdahl went AWOL, the administration thinks, the better.

The scandals now come so fast and furiously that we no sooner hear of one than yet another new mess makes us forget it.

What keeps the country afloat this terrible summer?

Some American companies produce more gas and oil than ever despite, not because of, the Obama administration. Most Americans still get up every day, work hard, and pay more taxes than they receive in subsidies. American soldiers remain the most formidable in the world despite the confusion of their superiors. The law, regardless of the administration, is still followed by most. And most do not duck out on their daily responsibilities to golf, play pool, or go on junkets.

It is still a hard thing to derail America in a summer — but then again, we have a long way to go until fall.

— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]. © 2014 Tribune Media Services, Inc.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
694718,"Carol Iannone

Carol Iannone is editor-at-large for Academic Questions and writes on literature and culture.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638347,"Common Sense on Syrian Refugees

By Tim Kane — November 20, 2015

Understand that the debate about Syrian refugees in the United States is a political sideshow. It has nothing to do with ending the crisis in Syria itself, nothing to do with helping France and Lebanon fight Jihadi terror, and nothing to do with xenophobia. Should the United States offer refuge to Syrians fleeing the war? Absolutely. But let’s get some perspective.

First, the terror attacks in Paris (and Beirut) represent a global war on Western civilization, not on all humanity. Second, one study found that 13 percent of Syrian refugees have a positive view of ISIS. That fact should chill you. Third, there should be no doubt that ISIS is using the refugee crisis to infiltrate the West (including our allies, France, Germany, and Turkey). That explains fact number four: 53 percent of Americans are opposed to accepting any Syrian refugees here. This is a commonsense response, even if you and I believe it is incorrect. It is shameful for politicians to call this a racist reaction, which is the lowest, commonest trick in the Left’s political playbook.

The United States welcomes more immigrants than any country in the world, and more refugees. Open arms to the wretched masses is the single best thing about the United States.

The recent U.S. quota has been to accept 70,000 refugees per year. President Obama has proposed expanding the number to include 10,000 refugees from Syria. That seems entirely noble and good. But let’s pause and consider 10,000 refugees is less than one-tenth of 1 percent of the 11 million refugees in Syria, of which 4 million have been able to escape the country. In other words, any American-bound refugees are tokens of concern in the big picture. What is Obama doing — what is America doing — to help the 11 million? Saving refugees is morally right, but it is also morally right to go to war against ISIS and create a safe zone. It is morally right to commit to a long-term multinational occupation of Palmyra, Aleppo, and Raqqa that restores order and peace.

It’s not cowardice to ask for a pause and better screening of refugees from Syria. It’s not cowardice to suggest prioritizing the most vulnerable refugees: the children, the elderly, the families, and yes, those who are being slaughtered because of their faith and gender, over the young single males most prone to terrorism. If we can only give refuge to less than 1 percent of Syrian refugees, why can’t the President offer a commonsense compromise that refuge be given to the most vulnerable? It’s certainly not cowardly for a bipartisan compromise requiring visas from any foreigner who has traveled to Syria and now wants to enter the United States. God bless Senators Dianne Feinstein (D., Calif.) and Jeff Flake (R., Ariz.) for their mature leadership, which should be a lesson to the White House and presidential candidates.

What is cowardice? Fearing a fight, avoiding war at any cost, retreating from allies in need, legitimizing the motives of barbarians, making excuses for inaction, and, most relevant to our elected officials, political sideshows that shift attention away from all of the above.

— Tim Kane is a research fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University where he serves as the editor of the online immigration policy journal, Peregrine. His most recent book is Balance: The Economics of Great Powers from Ancient Rome to Modern America, co-authored with Glenn Hubbard.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
697210,"Plus one article on Google Plus

Andy Revkin and the Guardian have both written about an Obama administration document apparently left behind on a Bonn computer detailing Team Obama’s strategy moving forward toward securing a Kyoto II.

Read it for yourself, but I found the most intriguing language to be this first item under “Key Outreach Efforts”: “Comprehensive and early outreach to policymakers, key stakeholders and validators is critical to broadening support for our positions in the coming years.”

Oddly, the only word that my spell-check rejected was “validators.” I think it’s properly spelled MSNBC (alt.: CNN).",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
329857,"I just watched Senator Biden’s (unsuccessful) effort to try to bully General Petraeus and Ambassador Crocker. Biden has one focus: how to withdraw more American troops from Iraq. He has seemingly no interest in the progress we’re making in Iraq, or the consequences of failure, or the benefits of victory in Iraq. Beyond that, Biden is showing himself to be rude, testy, and off-putting, acting like a small-town prosecutor. I’m reminded why Joe Biden’s two presidential campaigns went up in smoke — in the first instance because he plagiarized from the life of Neal Kinnock, in the second instance because he has almost no national appeal. Joe Biden is the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, which serves as a reminder that the Senate rewards longevity rather than intellectual merit.

One other thing: In response to questions from Senator Lugar, General Petraeus said this about al-Qaeda in Iraq: “We have our teeth in their jugular — and we need to keep them there.” That’s a very nice phrase, which reflects a very encouraging reality.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
721017,"How the New GOP Congress Can Make a Good Iran Deal Possible

Republicans in Congress have a golden opportunity — if they play their cards right.

By Matthew Kroenig — January 6, 2015

As our lawmakers return from their winter recess, the Iran nuclear negotiations will be high on the foreign-policy agenda. The impetus in the new Republican-controlled Congress will be to immediately pass tough new sanctions legislation, but there is a better way to turn up the heat on Tehran while making it clear to everyone that the obstacle to a successful negotiated settlement is Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, and not Republicans in Congress.

To be sure, getting an acceptable nuclear deal with Iran will require bringing more pressure to bear. Iran makes concessions only when its back is against the wall, and Congress has always understood this. It was congressional sanctions (which the Obama administration resisted) that brought Iran to the table in the first place and got us the interim nuclear deal in November 2013. In the aftermath of that interim deal, Congress wanted to continue its successful strategy by passing tough sanctions-in-waiting legislation. The Kirk–Menendez bill would have put in place conditional penalties that would have gone into effect only if Iran walked away from the negotiations or if it was caught cheating on the interim deal’s terms.

This was the perfect opening for the White House to play good cop/bad cop. Harvard political scientist Robert Putnam has shown through his concept of “two-level games” how an implacable opposition back home can actually strengthen one’s hand in international negotiations. The Iranians are shrewd enough to play this game against us, as President Hassan Rouhani insists that he is eager to strike a deal, and that the only problem is getting the more recalcitrant Supreme Leader to come around.

Instead, however, the Obama administration undercut its own leverage. It lobbied against the proposed sanctions legislation, claiming that bill would demonstrate bad faith and spoil the atmosphere for negotiations. Although the bill had strong support from lawmakers, Majority Leader Harry Reid, under pressure from the White House, refused to bring it to the floor of the Senate.

The administration’s peculiar theory of diplomacy, which holds that the best way to get concessions from Iran is to play nice, has been repeatedly proven incorrect over the past year. The best solution, therefore, would be for the administration itself to return to the pressure track. In fact, in last year’s State of the Union address, President Obama declared, “If Iran’s leaders don’t seize this opportunity [and agree to a final nuclear deal], then I will be the first to call for sanctions.” But, like the Syria red-line debacle, this appears to be another of President Obama’s empty threats.

Once again, therefore, it will fall on Congress to do the right thing. With the sweeping Republican victories in the midterm elections, there has been talk of Congress’s passing new sanctions-in-waiting legislation based on Kirk–Menendez as soon as it reconvenes. However, if Congress attempts to pass such a bill in January, the administration will again falsely accuse it of sabotaging negotiations just as we were making “progress” toward the March 1 deadline, the media will draw an erroneous equivalence between “hardliners” in Iran and “hardliners” in the U.S. Congress, and many will wrongly blame the Republicans, not the Iranians, for the likely eventual failure of diplomacy.

Not only would this outcome be unfair, it would be damaging both to Republicans and to U.S. interests, because America’s Iran strategy, including sanctions and possibly tougher actions down the road, requires international support. If there were a widespread perception that the U.S. Congress, not Iran, is responsible for the impasse, then the international consensus against Iran could be broken.

Rather than go down this road, Republicans in Congress should announce that they will give the diplomats the space they need to reach an agreement by March 1. But they should also make clear that March 1 is a hard deadline. If the diplomats cannot strike an accord by this, their own deadline, then the hammer will come down. Congress will pass the toughest remaining sanctions on Iran’s banking, mining, and energy sectors. Rather than conditional sanctions-in-waiting, this bill should stipulate that sanctions will go into effect immediately on March 2 if a deal has not been reached.

If a “headline” political agreement is concluded by March 1, then Congress can simply repeat this strategy for the technical portion of the agreement, which has a built-in deadline of July 1. Once again, Congress can give the diplomats until July 1 to work out the technical details of an accord, but, if they cannot, more sanctions will be forthcoming on July 2. The bill should also include the useful contingency covered in Kirk–Menendez about Iranian cheating.

This approach has a number of virtues. First, it will likely enjoy broader support than Kirk–Menendez, both from our international partners and from congressional Democrats, whose participation will be necessary for a veto-proof majority. Second, the clear and credible threat of further sanctions on March 2 might just be enough to get the Iranians to swallow hard and work for a deal before the March 1 deadline. Third, if the diplomats cannot reach an agreement by their own deadlines (as is likely), then it will be clear to everyone that the blame rests with Iran’s Supreme Leader and not U.S. lawmakers. And on March 2, there will be little surprise or debate when Congress follows through with new sanctions as promised.

To make this approach work, however, Congress cannot put this issue on the back burner for the next several weeks. It must take action now. First, lawmakers must draw up sanctions legislation to go into effect on March 2 and make sure that they have the votes, ideally a veto-proof majority, to bring it into law.

Second, leading members of Congress must get the message out and make sure that it is heard. Over the next several weeks, in speeches, interviews, and statements from the floor, they can explain that they sincerely hope that the Iranians agree to an acceptable “final” deal by March 1, but that if they are unwilling to do so, new sanctions will be the result.

Finally, to prevent the diplomats from watering down the terms of an agreement in a desperate attempt to meet the deadline, members of Congress must make clear the terms of the deal that they would find acceptable. A final deal must push back Iran’s breakout timeline (the time required to produce one bomb’s worth of weapons-grade nuclear material) to one year or more. Even if a “final” agreement is reached, if it falls short of this standard, the new sanctions will take effect.

In sum, the best approach for Republicans in Congress — and the one that would be best for the nation — is simply to hold the Iranians and the P5+1 to their own deadline. March 1 is not that far away.

— Matthew Kroenig is an associate professor and International Relations Field Chair in the Department of Government at Georgetown University, a senior fellow at the Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security at the Atlantic Council, and a former adviser on Iran policy in the Office of the Secretary of Defense.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
697321,"Radioactive Politics

By Chris Horner — April 16, 2010

I gave a talk at Amherst College last night — courtesy of Young America’s Foundation. The crowd drew students from other local schools, including Hampshire and Smith Colleges, as well.

The audience even included one faculty member who — for the first time in my approximately three dozen campus visits — was respectful and engaged in sincere discourse. The behavior of his academic colleagues has ranged from embarassing tantrums (Wellesley) to storming out, while saying to a student on the way to the exit, “I’ll get him in class tomorrow” (Knox College).

Anyway, something in my conversation afterward with this chemistry instructor stuck with me, in the context of something a student said at the dinner that followed the event.

It seems that today is “Conservative Coming Out Day” at one of the aforementioned schools. As the students discussed this, a lesbian student told one of the conservatives, “I’ll support you on your Day if you support me on mine.” I was impressed by the relative open-mindedness, such as it was.

But, any conservative (or global-warming skeptic) with campus experience in the past decade or so – either as a speaker or student – knows that the struggle is over being tolerated, to be allowed equal or at least respectful treatment (though they can probably count on not being funded equally with left-wing campus groups), to openly participate without harassment. I have found that sometimes it’s a victory even to be allowed to speak. I was not aware that this was the current state of affairs for LBGT students – particularly at places like Smith and Amherst.

For conservatives, global-warming skeptics, and other politically unfashionable groups, the battle is most certainly not over is whether they will be celebrated or granted special privileges or status.

Which brings me to my post-talk sidebar with the chem professor. In my remarks, I had indicated that I am pro–nuclear power, but did not qualify the comment. He responded that, if I divorce myself from the economics and just support nukes, that’s just ideological and I should also say I’m pro-windmill. That’s moot, but what I mean is this: I’m pro-nuke, because it provides reliable, abundant energy, and I know that having ready access to power makes a huge difference in the quality of human life. I suppose I am equally pro-windmill, if you can overcome the phsyics and the obstacles designed to ensure they cannot be erected anywhere birds fly or Kennedys live (which you can’t).

But here’s the relevant nuance: The debate over nuclear power is, distilled, whether to allow it. The debate over windmills is whether to give them special treatment, to give them preferences as a matter of federal law — indeed, to mandate them.

Given that dynamic, yes, I’m pro-nuke, but not pro-wind — and there’s nothing inconsistent with that. The inconsistency is found in the “I’ll tolerate you if you celebrate me” line of thinking endemic to most debates in which the Left has set the ground rules.

– Chris Horner is a senior fellow at the Competitive Enterprise Institute and a best-selling author. His latest book is Power Grab: How Obama’s Green Policies Will Steal Your Freedom and Bankrupt America.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
535908,"The security world is buzzing over a Wall Street Journal article yesterday that the Obama administration is considering sending U.S. naval vessels and military planes into the 12-mile territorial limit of China’s newly reclaimed islands in the South China Sea.

If adopted, the U.S. moves could lead to the most direct response yet to China’s policies in Asia — but they could also spark an armed encounter between U.S. and Chinese forces pretty soon.

The U.S. is considering sending patrols into the Spratly Islands, a sprawling archipelago, largely comprised of reefs, that covers a large part of the South China Sea. Various reefs and atolls are claimed by China, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan, and Vietnam. The claimant nations have been building up facilities on the larger islands over the past few years, strengthening their claims to territory and potentially to exclusive economic zones.

Taiwan and Vietnam have been particularly active in this regard. Not surprisingly, however, China has been the most aggressive when it comes to construction. Its recent actions, building thousands of square meters of islands by dredging and reclaiming reef areas, seem to have been the final straw, causing alarm in Washington and throughout the region.

RELATED: The Equilibrium of East Asia: China Seeks to Regain Its Historic Role

U.S. Navy leaders, including the current and incoming commanders of Pacific Command, Admirals Samuel Locklear and Harry Harris, have long warned that China’s reclamation activities are moving it toward de facto control over the Spratlys. Next, China may declare an air-defense identification zone (ADIZ) over the Spratlys, if not the entire South China Sea, thus complementing the one it established over the Senkaku Islands and a large swath of the East China Sea in late 2013. Given that Beijing is contesting Japan’s control over the Senkakus, the ADIZ there was seen as an attempt to intimidate Tokyo and cause it to back down from its defense of the islands. An ADIZ over the Spratlys would have largely the same intent and effect.

While Tokyo has refused to knuckle under, the nations of Southeast Asia are far less capable of defending their claims. China’s actions, such as wrestling away the South China Sea’s Scarborough Shoal from the Philippines, have been largely uncontested. Instead, Manila in particular, but Vietnam and Taiwan also, have been urging Washington to get more involved in pushing back on China. It’s only the U.S., they believe, that has a realistic chance of getting China to curb its activities.

RELATED: China Rising: Long-Term Military Build-Up Is Designed to Target Out Weaknesses

Now the Obama administration is thinking of answering the call. It’s a move that should be welcomed throughout the region, but it does not come without risks. Already the Chinese have verbally struck back at the administration, warning that the U.S. actions would be “risky and provocative.”

The Obama administration’s move should be welcomed throughout the region, but it does not come without risks.

The chess moves here are complex. After making these signals, if the Obama administration does not go ahead with testing the territorial limits China has claimed, then it will lose credibility and make it more likely that China will push ahead with putting military installations on its islands.

If the U.S. lives up to its promise, though, then Beijing will have to decide immediately how to react. The Chinese will lose face and undo much of their reputation of strength if they do not oppose U.S. forces moving into waters or skies they claim. A face-off on the sea or, worse, in the air may be inevitable (possibly precipitated by an aggressive Chinese pilot or captain). U.S. forces will need absolutely clear rules of engagement to ensure that any Chinese responses are parried and any accidents are avoided or contained.

Beijing failed to defend the provocative ADIZ it claimed in the East China Sea after U.S. and Japanese jets flew through it, leading many to discount Beijing’s will. In the South China Sea, the stakes are higher, given China’s steady attempts to assert claims over the entire region. Yet it is manifestly in Beijing’s interest not to provoke a conflict with the U.S. Navy and Air Force. China has backed itself into a corner by taking actions that, while not illegal, clearly have the potential of shifting the balance of power in Southeast Asia. It may have miscalculated, assuming that no real response would be forthcoming from an administration that has so far avoided doing anything to antagonize it.

RELATED: The U.S. Giant Slumbers: America Could Check China, But Our Leaders Need to Wake Up to the Threat

Now, however, both players are committed: the U.S. to showing that its words are backed up with actions, and the Chinese to showing that it is not a paper tiger that cannot defend the territory it is claiming. It is up to the Obama administration to make the first move, but if it does so, then the risks of an armed encounter with China rise significantly over the next few months. If it does not, then Asian nations will find themselves with an emboldened China pushing ever more expansionist claims. With an already boiling Middle East and Eastern Europe, East Asia may now get added to the list of crisis hotspots.

— Michael Auslin is a frequent contributor to National Review Online.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
655284,"If I were the relativist Andrew Bostom takes me for, I would let his post stand. But I am right and Bostom is — I’ll come right out and say it — wrong. There is a difference between analogy and identification, and one need not suggest Christian canon law and sharia are identical or equivalent to note that they are similar in certain relevant respects. Religions are not interchangeable, and I see no equality between my savior’s Cross and my Muslim fellow citizen’s crescent. But this does not mean I’ll stand aside when his religious liberty is attacked.

Bostom has not, I will note, contested my actual claims about the legal uselessness and potential ill effects of anti-sharia legislation. In fact, it’s fair to say that we now are seeing a consensus emerge on the merits of anti-sharia legislation, however grudgingly or silently some agree. My friend David Goldman, no great ally of Islam, admits over at PJ Media that “Anti-Sharia legislation and opposition to the building of mosques may infringe religious liberty. The anti-Sharia movement wields a blunt instrument that carries the risk of collateral damage.” It was just such bluntness and such damage that I warned of in my article.

So, with no one contesting the original points, we’ve moved on to another subject: the “essence” of Islam and sharia, which Bostom hopes to establish in his two posts. That is a fraught task, one difficult enough for the most cautious cultural critic and well nigh impossible for state legislatures.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
401887,"On Wednesdays, we are at war with the Islamic State. On Thursdays, we are at war with the Islamic State, in effect acting as a cat’s-paw for the world’s leading jihad brigade against the government of Bashar al-Assad, who apparently intends to murder Syrians until he is pleased with what is left.

We should let him.

This is not cynicism, only an acknowledgement of the actual facts of the case. As Daniel Pipes and others have persuasively argued, the United States does not have an ally in Syria. The United States does not have any national interest in the success of the ISIS-aligned coalition fighting to depose Assad. The United States does not have any interest in strengthening the position of the Assad regime and the position of his Russian and Iranian patrons. Pipes sums it up: “Iranian- and Russian-backed Shiite pro-government jihadis are best kept busy fighting Saudi-, Qatar-, and Turkish-backed anti-government Sunni jihadis.”

Of course the Assad regime is murderous. It is murderous in an awfully familiar way: a Baathist despot in cahoots with jihadists using chemical weapons against a civilian population. You’d think we would have gotten that out of our system with Saddam Hussein.

The Trump administration has no authorization to engage in war on Syria. Congress has not declared war or authorized the use of military force; there is no emergency to justify the president’s acting unilaterally in his role as commander in chief; there is no imminent threat to American lives or American interests — indeed, there is no real American interest at all. President Donald Trump is acting illegally, and Congress has a positive moral obligation to stop him. This is exactly why we have an impeachment process, though for the moment a bipartisan congressional resolution — if Congress had any self-respect, it would be unanimous — ought to be sufficient.

All decent people feel for the Syrians. We also feel for the Ukrainians, the North Koreans, the men and women languishing in Chinese laogai, Russian gulags, and Cuban prisons. We do not go to war for the sake of sentiment. We go to war for the sake of pressing national interests that cannot be otherwise secured. There is no casus belli for knocking over the Assad government, odious as it is.

EDITORIAL: Syria After the Airstrikes

As noted in National Review Online, the Trump administration notified the Russians ahead of the missile strikes on Shayrat Air Field, meaning that the Syrians were effectively alerted to our intentions as well. Trump, who during the campaign declined to speak about many of his national-security views in a transparent attempt to cover up his deep and wide ignorance with tough-guy talk about not telegraphing our moves to the enemy, did everything short of using an actual telegraph. Critics who pointed out — and continue to point out — that President Trump suffers from serious defects in both character and judgment have precisely this type of situation in mind. War isn’t Twitter.

If what the Trump administration has in mind is symbolic pinprick Tomahawk missile strikes launched from safe harbor, then the president and his men are merely fooling about. If what the Trump administration has in mind is something more substantial, then the president owes the nation an explanation of exactly what those young men and women who may be asked to do their country the service of dying for it would be dying for. So that we can all feel a little better about the savage state of the Middle East and our own occasional fumbling contributions to that savagery? So that President Trump can advertise his independence from Moscow and from the many admirers of Vladimir Putin who have surrounded him from time to time? Because we do not like seeing disturbing images on television?

RELATED: Trump Enforces Obama’s Red Line

Perhaps the American public has changed its mind — again — about the wisdom and necessity of toppling Levantine dictators on grounds that might charitably be described as naïvely idealistic. But the American public did not show much stomach for the long fight the last time around, and we still do not quite seem to know what we ought to be doing in Iraq: After being borne to the presidency on a wave of anti-war sentiment and pocketing a Nobel Peace Prize for his great achievement in not being George W. Bush, Barack Obama found himself obliged to reinvade Iraq, where thousands of U.S. troops are currently in their seventh month of “supporting and advising” — ahem — the siege of Mosul.

President George H. W. Bush went to war with Iraq to reverse the invasion of Kuwait, an American ally, with an eye toward discouraging Saddam Hussein from future adventures. President George W. Bush went to war with Iraq because he believed that the country could be made into something like a decent liberal democracy, or at least a friendly failing state on the lines of Pakistan during the rule of Benazir Bhutto.

Why is Donald Trump making war on Syria?

Congress ought to ask him to explain that, and also to explain from where he believe he derives the authority to do so without legal authorization.

— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.

READ MORE:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
695139,"I disagree with George on the University of Maryland incident involving the “right” of the cashier to refuse to serve someone wearing a pro-Israel t-shirt, and the right of the business to allow its employees to refuse customers in that way. Given what all of us have to put up with these days all around us–on t-shirts, in dress, in metal piercings and tattoos, in speech, with cell phones, in bad behavior, in poor manners, in propaganda in the schools, in loud talking and raucous music in public places, in screaming undisciplined children, and so forth–thanks to an ethos of liberationism plus political correctness, I am not going to accede to this so-called “right.”

The University of Maryland expressly forbids discrimination of this kind but the co-op workers, so indulged in the leftwing PC vision that they should never feel offended, could not imagine that it could apply to them. This was finally a chance to show them the true meaning of why we practice tolerance–that what you impose on others will one day come back to burden you. They should be held to the standards that have been imposed on the rest of society. This is a business serving the public. But this lesson has been curtailed because the one side has all the power today. I therefore see no value in allowing expansive latitude that favors only one side and that basically feeds into the PC tyranny. If someone came in with a t-shirt proclaiming transgendered freedom or something like that and was refused service, there would have been a lawsuit. But the irony is, it is unlikely that any cashier would protest such a message, because he would be mortally fearful and thoroughly cowed by the PC tyranny which favors messages of that kind. Thus the woman who wore the pro-Israel t-shirt is acting as if she did something wrong. No religion could have done better in getting the “sinner” to practice self-flagellation.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
645103,"MPG in Wonderland

By Henry Payne — September 13, 2012

“You can choose the path where we control more of our own energy,” said President Barack Obama accepting his party’s nomination for a second term. “We raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas.”

Forget the Orwellian line about giving Americans more choice when the intent of fuel standards is to limit vehicle choice. The promise of doubling your mpg is flat out false.

In fact, the Obama administration’s new 55 mpg-by-2025 fuel economy mandate is a mind-numbing trip through Alice’s Wonderland that imposes huge burdens on automakers even as it allows industry lobbyists to buy loopholes that will allow them to continue to sell large vehicles that customers demand – and that come nowhere near 55 mpg. In truth, Obama’s mpg rules are a microcosm of Obamanomics: They are a false promise that concentrate more power with Washington pols by bringing a major industry’s products under more federal review.

How byzantine are the finalized 55-by-2025 rules? Follow the Wall Street Journal down the rabbit hole:

By 2025, the U.S. government wants large pickup trucks like the Chevrolet Silverado to get about 44% better mileage than today. But GM has improved the Silverado’s fuel efficiency by 20% since 2002, and it will have a variety of paths to meet the government’s future target-including never having to attain it at all.

That’s right. “Never having to attain it at all.”

That’s because the Obama rules are an arbitrary fiction (why not a 100 mpg standard? 250 mpg, anyone?) that have no correlation to market reality. Current law mandates that vehicle fleets average 35.5 mpg by 2015 — that is, cars that are in production now — yet industry analyst TrueCar reports that average fuel economy in August was just 23.2 mpg (compared to 21.7 mpg a year ago). That small increase is due to market forces ($$4 a gallon gas) and is over 50 percent below what the feds will require in just two years.

Even Hyundai, the industry leader at 28.1 mpg for all its vehicles, is nowhere near Lewis Carroll’s — er, the feds’ — average (and barely above the 2011 standard of 27 mpg). Federally-owned GM comes in at a mere 21 mpg.

How will manufacturers meet 55-by-2025? By spending lots of money to meet federal rules (meaning the “engines will be smaller, the car bodies lighter, and the sticker prices higher,” reports the Journal) — then gaming the system when they still fall short.

“In the real world,” records the Journal, acknowledging Obama’s beltway fantasy land, “an automaker could still sell significant numbers of vehicles that don’t meet that target. Auto makers do have a big incentive to build cars that get better mileage than required for their size. That generates credits that can cover for the failure of a future large pickup to meet the administration’s goals.”

Got that? It’s language only lobbyists understand — which is how Obamanomics works. Government dictates your market (health care, energy, autos), unless you are rich enough to afford lobbyists that can carve loopholes you can drive an SUV through.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
26971,"In the aftermath of Ben Bernanke’s announced timetable for ending Fed bond purchases, long-term interest rates have jumped up while stock prices have cratered down. As I wrote yesterday, I think the Bernanke plan is premature — especially in a 2 percent economy with falling inflation and inflation expectations.

But just to get a little wonky on the interest-rate story, it’s noteworthy that 10-year Treasury notes have moved up about 70 basis points year to date. Currently they’re around 2.50 percent.

Most of that rate rise — more than 50 basis points — is coming from a jump in Treasury inflation-protected securities, known as TIPS. Now that could be a good thing, as rising real interest rates signify a stronger economy. The trouble is, on balance, it’s real hard to find strong evidence of a stronger economy. Instead, as economist David Goldman has noted, investors are bailing out of TIPS because they’re not worried about inflation — which, by the way, is running about 1 percent.

So selling TIPS bonds has raised market interest rates. And that, in turn, has done considerable damage to the stock market and perhaps will pinch the economy.

But the story doesn’t end there. So called inflation break-even spreads have been narrowing significantly. This includes 10-year TIPS implied inflation, as well as 5-yr 5-yr forward inflation expectations. They’ve all dropped about 60 basis points, which is roughly equal to the rise in real interest rates.

So one could argue — as a warning to Mr. Bernanke — that rising rates is a deflationary event, not a growth event. And if the Fed is too hasty in tapering its bond purchases — and after all, tapering is really tightening — interest rates may continue to rise for the wrong reasons, namely deflation rather than faster economic growth.

There is no doubt that the Fed has got to end its bond purchases and eventually figure a way out of its oversized bond portfolio. In recent months I have commended Mr. Bernanke for producing low inflation, after many of us wrongly predicted higher inflation. But as St. Louis Fed head James Bullard said this morning, the low-inflation trend may be too much of a good thing. And bond-purchase tapering — excuse me, I mean tightening — could generate deflationary impulses that could damage the economy.

As an old gold-watching guy, I am obliged to note that the crash in the gold price is moving side by side with the decline in inflation expectations.

All this is why I believe the Fed should move extremely slowly in shifting policy in our still fragile economy.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716654,"Mitt de Tocqueville

By Samuel Gregg — September 19, 2012

“Not elegantly stated.” That’s how the Republican party’s presidential candidate described some of his words captured in the covertly-taped video in which he claimed that 47 percent of voters were in the bag for President Obama because they are “dependent on the government.” Amidst the hype and feigned outrage, however, it’s worth noting that a not-dissimilar analysis may be found (and much more elegantly stated) in a book published 172 years ago by the (still) greatest commentator on American political culture: the very refined and very astute French social philosopher Alexis de Tocqueville.

I doubt that thick books are in vogue at MSNBC these days, but if the liberal commentariat deigned to pick up a copy of the second volume of Tocqueville’s Democracy in America and read the chapter entitled “What Sort of Despotism Democratic Nations Have to Fear,” they’d find the link between creating tame citizens and a state that generously volunteers to do everything on their behalf spelt out quite gracefully. Thinking about possible threats to freedom in a democratic age, Tocqueville wrote:

After having thus successively taken each member of the community in its powerful grasp and fashioned him at will, the supreme power then extends its arm over the whole community. It covers the surface of society with a network of small complicated rules, minute and uniform, through which the most original minds and the most energetic characters cannot penetrate, to rise above the crowd. The will of man is not shattered, but softened, bent, and guided; men are seldom forced by it to act, but they are constantly restrained from acting. Such a power does not destroy, but it prevents existence; it does not tyrannize, but it compresses, enervates, extinguishes, and stupefies a people, till each nation is reduced to nothing better than a flock of timid and industrious animals, of which the government is the shepherd.

Sound familiar? More than one commentator has observed that Tocqueville’s words seem to foreshadow some of the cultural and political effects of the regulatory and welfare state in the conditions of modern democracy. Many people find themselves lulled into a type of dependency upon the government. The “softness” of this despotism consists of people voluntarily yielding up their freedom in return for the comforts provided by their oh-so-kind masters.

Ever since the modern welfare state was founded (by none other than that great “champion” of freedom Otto von Bismarck as he sought, unsuccessfully, to persuade industrial workers to stop voting for the German Social Democrats), Western politicians have discovered that welfare programs and subsidies more generally are a marvelous way of creating constituencies of people who are likely to keep voting for you as long as you keep delivering the goods. In terms of electoral dynamics, it sometimes reduces elections to contests about which party can give you more — at other people’s expense.

For several decades now, it’s been a playbook successfully used by European parties of left and right, most Democrats, and plenty of country-club Republicans to help develop and maintain electoral support. As Tocqueville predicted, “Under this system the citizens quit their state of dependence just long enough to choose their masters and then fall back into it.” In such an atmosphere, politicians who seek to reduce welfare expenditures find themselves at a profound electoral disadvantage — which seems to have been Mr. Romney’s awkwardly phrased point.

Of course, it all ends in insolvency, as we are seeing played out in fiscal disasters such as the city of Los Angeles, the state of California, the city of Philadelphia, the city of Detroit, the city of Chicago, and the state of Illinois. In case you’re wondering, there’s a pattern here concerning who has been in power for most of the time in these places. And if you want empirical evidence of the resultant economic, cultural, and moral wreckage, then read Nicholas Eberstadt’s new book, A Nation of Takers: America’s Entitlement Epidemic.

Sadly for the rest of us, one can safely presume our political welfare-enablers aren’t that interested in how Tocqueville saw the Americans of the 1830s resolve their problems: i.e., through the habit of free association in which they banded together (especially in churches) to address issues and take care of those in genuine need. The same Americans didn’t see any need for federal departments of this or state departments of that to get involved, let alone to create such behemoths in the first place.

So while Mr. Romney’s choice of words was indeed infelicitous (much like “spread the wealth around,” “cling to their guns or religion,” or “you didn’t build that”), it’s not as if he didn’t have a point. The welfare state does have its own political dynamic, and the Left (with the notable exception of Bill Clinton in 1996) has never hesitated to promote it. The sooner conservatives and free marketers come up with more attractive ways of explaining to voters that having large numbers of people unduly dependent on the state isn’t just economically unsustainable but morally debilitating, the better. Democracy was never meant to be a system that gave 51 percent of the citizenry free rein to progressively loot the other 49 percent.

— Samuel Gregg is Research Director at the Acton Institute. He has authored several books including On Ordered Liberty, his prize-winning The Commercial Society, Wilhelm Röpke’s Political Economy, and his forthcoming Becoming Europe: Economic Decline, Culture, and How America can Avoid a European Future.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
903203,"As social conservatives, we embrace Western culture and defend it, although what we mean by it is necessarily vague. The closest thing to it in the Middle Ages was a notion of Roman culture, sustained by the late form of Latin that served as the lingua franca for scholarship, religion, and official communication across the continent. The very name of the Holy Roman Empire — “It was neither,” in the historians’ old joke — was a perfect expression of the conceit that a German on the Baltic coast could be as Roman as the pope on the banks of the Tiber.

Europe was haunted by the ghost of Rome. The Protestant Reformers chased it out to some extent, but in their attack on it they also stimulated it, and hence that astonishing surge of Catholic art and architecture during the Counter-Reformation. It was not just triumphantly Catholic but self-consciously Roman Catholic. The fuel for the Reformation was theological, of course, but another active ingredient in the mix was a kind of nationalism, a rebellion by northern Europeans against Italian Christianity, which they regarded as corrupt, fundamentally wrong, and foreign.

Protestant rejection of Catholic doctrine was hard to separate from contempt for Romanità, the Roman ways of praying the liturgy and thinking about the faith. Until approximately yesterday, to be Catholic was to be in some sense a Roman citizen, regardless of where you lived, be it the Balkans or the British Isles or Brazil. When the Church of Rome established missions, it exported not only the gospel but much of the culture that it found helpful in supporting the faith on the ground — of the Italian peninsula. Well, why should a Christian in Saxony in the 16th century be bound to that, especially when in his view it was a kit of half-truths tangled up with a lot of accumulated pagan claptrap and Italian mumbo-jumbo? The longer-standing disagreements between the Latin Church and Eastern Orthodox Christians were likewise hard to isolate from suspicions that Catholicism was by its nature a carrier of Roman cultural imperialism.

After the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s, the institutional Church itself embarked on a radical campaign to dial back the Romanità until it became almost imperceptible. Between 1965 and 1970, the Mass underwent not just a precise, minor excision or addition here or there, as in the past. It was revised top to bottom and, to be honest, rewritten. “The New Order of Mass,” it was called, the Novus Ordo, although the Latin title was misleading, as the most salient feature of the new Mass was that it was expected to be said in the local modern language — English in England and the United States, Spanish in Spain and the Philippines, and so on. Lingua Latina mortua est.

A seesaw was set in motion: Mass attendance here had already begun to decline, but now it began to do so more sharply. In Europe, it fell off a cliff. At the same time, however, in regions of the world where the Church had never found much success, it took off rapidly and soared. Demographers estimate that a plurality of the world’s Catholics will live in sub-Saharan Africa by the middle of this century.

Most of the reporting I’ve read on African Catholics corroborates my anecdotal experience: On the whole, they are serious about their faith, to a degree that puts their Western counterparts to shame, and they are more orthodox, but they are not not interested in what for the Western Catholic is full-on “traditional liturgy.” A Nigerian Catholic friend in Cleveland several years ago called me his “brother”; each of us considered himself a “conservative” Catholic. He was surprised when I told him I went to the Latin Mass. Why would I do that? “Are you Italian?” he said.

The truth is that the Latin Mass doesn’t have much traction in present-day Italy either, but from his perspective he did take in the bigger picture, and I’ve come to see it, too: The traditional Catholic liturgy that was the norm for Catholics worldwide through the middle of the last century never thrived outside a certain conservative form of Western culture, which much of the world never experienced, despite the broad sweep of European colonization. And now that culture has lost its place of honor here in its native habitat, as Westerners have grown more secular and populist, less in love with their history and past.

Much of the world never experienced conservative Western culture, and now it has lost its place of honor here in its native habitat.

At the beginning of the 20th century, 95 percent of the world’s Catholics lived in Europe, South America, and North America. The ratio was almost exactly two to one, Europe to the Americas. Latin America was the crown jewel of the Church’s missionary endeavor. Note that the priests there had the conquistadors to augment their efforts. In effect, a bunch of Spanish and Portuguese Catholics, laymen as well as religious, imported Iberian languages and culture, including Catholicism, to the Western Hemisphere. (Spanish is by some accounts the modern language closest to Latin, closer even than Italian.) The conquistadors and the missionaries worked toward some common ends, though on different tracks.

For contrast, consider the Catholic missions to China and Japan in the centuries before Vatican II. Those were less successful, certainly in the numbers of converts to Rome. Those nations were also more resistant to the adoption of Western languages. That was true of the Asia Pacific in general. The Philippines was an exception, in its receptivity both to Catholicism and to the Spanish language. The mission lands where “traditional Catholicism,” as we now call it — the only possible Catholicism until about 50 years ago — took deepest root were Westernized or Westernizing. Or, as in the case of Senegal and Vietnam, which were partially francophone, they had entrenched pockets of Westernization. In the mission lands, the cultural and the religious conversions were often simultaneous and of a piece. To attempt the latter without the former was to sow seed on rocky soil.

The Church of Rome flourished in Italy and regions of the former Roman Empire in part because its language and culture were familiar and prestigious. The Christian faith, the Latin language, and a certain Italianate culture came bundled. The elements were assumed to be inextricably joined. Across Europe, the Catholic faith was enculturated, as we would now say.

We All Live in ‘Mission Lands’ Now

In the 20th century, Church leaders began to advocate an effort, more deliberate and thorough than in the past, to enculturate the faith among the various nations of the Third World: Catholic missionaries should learn, and learn to love, local customs and languages and to translate the faith into forms that would be meaningful and appealing to indigenous peoples. Implicit in their argument was the need for the Church to pour the Romanità out of Catholicism so that vessel could accommodate the new wine of non-Western cultures.

Read Sacrosanctum Concilium (1963), the Vatican II blueprint for liturgical reform, and you will notice a lot of concern for the mission lands. References to them dot the document, and in their glow the reader is led to imagine that the point of the many broadly sketched recommendations is only sensible and moderate, generous but not extravagant. In the mission lands, let bishops adapt the liturgy to local cultures. Trust their circumspection and sober judgment: “Provisions shall also be made, when revising the liturgical books, for legitimate variations and adaptations to different groups, regions, and peoples, especially in mission lands, provided that the substantial unity of the Roman rite is preserved; and this should be borne in mind when drawing up the rites and devising rubrics.”

No sooner had Western Catholics digested and largely shrugged in agreement to the gist of this plan for liturgical reform than they discovered that Rome now counted them, too, as inhabitants of mission lands, in effect. In America, English was introduced into the Mass by increments, which meant of course that Latin was ushered out at the same pace, until the process was complete in the fall of 1970. The movement away from the sacred, classical language and toward the vernacular was accompanied by a corresponding change in tone and style, from solemn and formal to less solemn and less formal. William F. Buckley Jr. recorded for posterity a typical reaction of many a Catholic: both a sense of loss and a glum resolve not to be sour about it. Surely some good could come of this?

Catholics in Europe and America are less likely to attend the new Mass than their grandparents were to attend the old one.

Catholicism might still have boomed in Africa even if the liturgical revolution after Vatican II hadn’t occurred. All we know is that it did occur and that the new regime of the Novus Ordo has roughly coincided with the impressive growth spurt that the faith continues to enjoy there. On the other side of the seesaw, Catholicism in the West might have declined even further had the only Mass available here remained Latin and old-school — priest and people facing the same direction, long silences during which he says the prescribed prayers sotto voce, no handshakes with your neighbor or cheerleading from the lady raising her arms at the microphone to the side of the sanctuary. All we know is that Catholics in Europe and America are less likely to attend the new Mass than their grandparents were to attend the old one.

By now, after half a century of extreme marginalization, Latin and the associated old accoutrements of Roman identity have lost most of their prestige and mystique for Catholics even in the West. In loosening the restrictions on the use of the traditional Latin Mass ten years ago, Pope Benedict XVI attempted to allay the concerns of liturgical progressives by noting, drily, that “the use of the old Missal presupposes a certain degree of liturgical formation and some knowledge of the Latin language; neither of these is found very often.” Buckley arrived at the same thought 40 years earlier, quoting a like-minded Catholic who spoke for him on the question of the new liturgy: If “the Latin Mass is only for the educated few, surely Mother Church in all her charity can find a little place even for the educated few?”

Most American Catholics today find the traditional Latin Mass as exotic as a non-Westernized African would have a hundred years ago. Annibale Bugnini, the architect of the new Mass, may have seen the writing on the wall back in the 1960s and proceeded accordingly, recommending a de-Romanized liturgy for all, Westerners and non-Westerners alike. Whatever he perceived and whatever he intended, the Vatican’s response to the cultural coarsening was to contribute to it, by making Western Catholics choose between dumbed-down public worship and quitting church. Would they have continued to adhere to the liturgy as it was, Old World and crisp and formal, had Paul VI, the pope at the time, exercised more prudence and left well enough alone, at least in the West? Traditionalist Catholics will forever wonder.

Advocates of traditional Catholic liturgy these days stress catechesis, the education and formation of the faithful. What our grandparents absorbed like a toddler learning his native language, we must acquire through study, like an adult. No point in springing the traditional Latin Mass on a generation who can find no door through which to enter into that mystery. We must show them. The process is slow but a labor of love. The establishment of independent Catholic schools steeped in an understanding of Catholicism as the marriage of the gospel and Western culture is key to this project of reconstituting Christendom, which happens to be the name of a Catholic college, in Virginia, dedicated to that end.

In my judgment, Peter Kwasniewski has emerged as the most eloquent and persuasive American proponent of traditional Catholicism. Read his latest book, Noble Beauty, Transcendent Holiness. Read the review of it by Gregory DiPippo, himself an informed and insightful commentator on the ancient Roman rite. I follow them as far as they go. They lead their readers back to a Catholicism that is Roman not in name only. Even in all her former glory, however, Rome is not the final destination. It’s a stop, necessary and important, to be honored with a long layover, before we pick up and complete the trip home, which is Jerusalem.

The Long Trip Home to Jerusalem

The Church began in Jerusalem, with the Big Bang that was Pentecost. The apostles — literally, those who are sent forth — went forth. According to tradition, Thomas made it as far east as India, but the direction in which most of the going forth happened was west. Paul wanted to evangelize in Asia Minor, but the weather kept pushing him to Europe. There the spirit of Jerusalem met the spirit of Athens, and the rest is history. In pious tradition, Peter preceded him to Rome and both were martyred there. Rome’s place in salvation history is expansive and high. But it is not infinite, and it is not supreme.

The explosion of the gospel outward geographically has accelerated in the past century, thanks in part to air travel and electronic communication. Rome is not the only significant center from which the gospel radiates. Protestants — Americans, Brits, and others — have spread the Good News across Africa and Asia and seen it burgeon into lush rain forests overnight. The mushrooming of Christianity, including but not confined to Catholic Christianity, appears unstoppable in China.

Christians have made astounding progress in fulfilling the Great Commission, Jesus’s command to “go and make disciples of all nations.” No longer can any nation be immune to some awareness of the religion that 30 percent of the global population claims in some fashion. As long as non-believers have ears, the Christian must continue to proclaim the gospel, although whether they hear it is ultimately up to the Holy Spirit. The Christian’s apostolic impulse, to spread the Word to people who haven’t heard it yet, leads him to set out for new frontiers, but the virgin mission territory he seeks no longer exists.

Christianity has expanded to its geographical limit. To keep moving, it must move inward, because it can’t move outward any farther.

On YouTube you can probably find frustrated missionaries itching to travel into outer space so they can baptize aliens from distant stars and galaxies, but with respect to Earth, the universe of Christianity has expanded pretty much to its geographical limit. To keep moving, it must move inward, because it can’t move outward any farther. It must delve deeper into the evangelization of those who have already accepted the Christian promise or at least been exposed to the rumor of its existence.

Over the centuries, Christian theologians have divided Church history into a number of ages. The schemes vary. One that appeals to many progressive Catholics goes like this: In the First Age, which is brief, the Church is conceived and born in Jerusalem; in the Second Age, which is long, it moves to Rome and establishes its international headquarters there; in the Third Age, which has only begun, the Church decentralizes and goes cosmopolitan, dissolving the primacy of its Roman establishment and cultivating nodes of Christian life out to the peripheries. We call it the Catholic Church because it’s catholic — literally, universal. Mission accomplished. End of story. Finis.

That outline, too, like the traditionalist vision, is cogent as far as it goes. I’ll follow the traditionalist on this, however, because he goes farther, though he stops short. The mission he sees for himself is to lead Catholics from the peripheries, or Age Three, back to Rome. Good. But we have promises to keep, and miles to go before we sleep.

My dissatisfaction with conventional Catholic traditionalism is that it’s not traditional enough: Our final destination is farther in the past than the Rome of the apostles and martyrs. It’s all the way back to the Jerusalem of Jesus himself. It remains both true and beautiful that the road from where we are now to the Holy Land leads through Rome. To complete our return trip, we need to go to the Eternal City, spend some time there, and revive our romance with it, but we can’t afford to settle in and get too comfortable, because Sion beckons.

Jews who have been received into the Catholic Church and consider themselves still Jewish despite that — no, more Jewish because of it (they sometimes call themselves “completed Jews”) — are sherpas for Gentile Catholics who yearn for the full complement of their biblical patrimony. For the sake of clarity, the early Christians may have needed to separate themselves from the synagogues of rabbinic Judaism, but in the process they were too quick to shun even biblical Judaism, the mother of their faith. They dug what they hoped would be an impassable moat, the work of generations, between them and the Old Religion. And Jews who remained in the synagogues may have been happy with that arrangement and pitched in to make the chasm wider and deeper.

Through the language of the missal as well as through the posture and gestures of the priest at the altar, the traditional Latin Mass recalls Temple sacrifice, a type that prefigured the blood sacrifice on Calvary. The traditional Latin Mass is the royal road down which the Westerner can be transported fast to the House of God, in whose shadow Jesus died on the cross, even if Christians have not always preferred to dwell on the Jewishness of the setting. The new Mass, in contrast, is typically scripted and choreographed to convey an understanding that it’s a ritual meal, the Last Supper. Perhaps Mass should be both, sacrifice and banquet, but to the degree that its sacrificial character is hidden, so is its ancient Judaic character.

The movement to recover the Church’s Roman character speaks to the longing to restore her noble beauty, to borrow from the title of Kwasniewski’s book. And to restore their awe of her holy transcendence, Catholics must figure out how to recover her Judaic character. Most Protestants would object to any argument for seeking Christ in Jerusalem via Rome. So would many Catholics, for that matter, and Jews can offer criticism from their own perspective. My answers to them will have to wait. I’ve run out of space, and the map I’m working from is not highly detailed anyway. It’s more like a compass. It points to the bones of Saint Peter on Vatican Hill and, beyond that, to the one city holier even than Rome.

READ MORE:

Why We Shouldn’t Stop Making Religious Arguments

Judging While Catholic

The Case for the Traditional Latin Mass

— Nicholas Frankovich is a deputy managing editor of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
718546,"Aetna Now Seeks Government Bailouts, Saying That Obamacare Exchanges Don’t Work

Insurers ‘that are less worse off pay for those that are worse worse off.’

By Chris Jacobs — August 4, 2016

Tuesday’s announcement by health insurer Aetna that it had halted plans to expand its offerings on Obamacare exchanges and may instead reduce or eliminate its participation entirely, caused a shockwave among health-policy experts. The insurer that heretofore had acted as one of Obamacare’s biggest cheerleaders has now admitted that the law will not work without a massive new infusion of taxpayer cash.

In an interview with Bloomberg, Aetna’s CEO, Mark Bertolini, explained the company’s major concern with Obamacare implementation:

Bertolini said big changes are needed to make the exchanges viable. Risk adjustment, a mechanism that transfers funds from insurers with healthier clients to those with sick ones, “doesn’t work,” he said. Rather than transferring money among insurers, the law should be changed to subsidize insurers with government funds, Bertolini said. “It needs to be a non-zero sum pool in order to fix it,” Bertolini said. Right now, insurers “that are less worse off pay for those that are worse worse off.”

A brief explanation: Obamacare’s risk adjustment is designed to even out differences in health status among enrollees. Put simply, plans with healthier-than-average patients subsidize plans with sicker-than-average patients. But the statute stipulates that the risk-adjustment payments should be based on “average actuarial risk” in each state marketplace — by definition, plans will transfer funds among themselves, but the payments will net out to zero.

Risk adjustment, a permanent feature of Obamacare, should not be confused with the law’s temporary-risk-corridor program, scheduled to end in December. Whereas risk corridor subsidizes loss-making plans, risk adjustment subsidizes sicker patients. And while plans can lose money for reasons unrelated to patient care — excessive overhead or bad investments, for instance — insurers incurring perpetual losses on patient care have little chance of ever breaking even.

That’s the situation Aetna says it finds itself in now. In calling for the government to subsidize risk adjustment, Bertolini believes that for the foreseeable future insurers will continue to face a risk pool sicker than in the average employer plan. In other words, the exchanges won’t work as currently constituted, because healthy people are staying away from Obamacare plans in droves. Aetna’s proposed “solution,” as expected, is for the taxpayer to pick up the tab.

It’s not that insurers haven’t received enough in bailout funds already. As I have noted in prior work, insurance companies stand to receive over $$170 billion in bailout funds over the coming decade. For instance, the Obama administration has flouted the plain text of the law to prioritize payments to insurers over repayments to the United States Treasury. But still insurance companies want more.

Some viewed Aetna’s threat to vacate the exchanges as an implicit threat resulting from the Justice Department’s challenging its planned merger with Humana. But the reality is far worse: Aetna was conditioning its participation not on its merger’s being approved but on receiving more bailout funds from Washington.

Like a patient in intensive care, the Left wants to administer billions of dollars to insurers as a form of fiscal morphine, hoping upon hope that the cash infusions can tide them over until the exchanges reach a condition approaching health. Just last month, the liberal Commonwealth Fund proposed extending Obamacare’s reinsurance program, scheduled to end this December, “until the reformed market has matured.” But as Bertolini admitted in his interview, the exchanges do not work, and will not work — meaning Commonwealth’s suggestion would create yet another perpetual-bailout machine.

Only markets, and not more taxpayer money, will turn this ailing patient around. Congress should act to end the morphine drip and stop the bailouts once and for all. At that point, policymakers of both parties should come together to outline the prescription for freedom they would put in its place.

— Chris Jacobs is the founder and CEO of Juniper Research Group, a policy consulting firm based in Washington, D.C.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241907,"Roger Scruton — now Sir Roger Scruton — is a British philosopher, novelist, composer, etc. I like to talk with him from time to time about pressing issues and eternal ones. Sometimes they are in the same group. My latest podcast with him is here.

We begin by talking about the “post-truth age.” In a recent article, Sir Roger wrote,

The concept of truth has been the victim of massive cyber-attacks in recent decades, and it has not yet recovered. The most recent attack has come from social media, which have turned the Internet into one great seething cauldron of opinions, most of them anonymous, in which every kind of malice and fantasy swamps the still small voice of humanity and truth.

We also talk a bit about President Trump. In that same article, Sir Roger wrote,

This extraordinary person, whose thoughts seem shaped by their very nature to the 140 characters of a tweet, makes no distinction between the true and the false and assumes that no one else makes such a distinction either.

Elsewhere, Sir Roger wrote the following, about the late political scientist Kenneth Minogue:

In many ways he was a model of the conservative activist. He was not in the business of destroying things or angering people. He was in the business of defending old-fashioned civility against ideological rage, and he believed this was the real meaning of the freedom that the English-speaking peoples have created and enjoyed. For Ken Minogue, decency was not just a way of doing things, but also the point of doing them.

Could Sir Roger expand on that? He does in this podcast.

We also talk about an issue now hot on the right: patriotism versus nationalism. Those marchers in Charlottesville, chanting “Blood and soil” and stuff about the Jews: Are they nationalists? What is patriotism?

I ask Sir Roger about some of the current lingo (which is also an old lingo): “America First,” “globalist,” etc. We talk about democracy. And about Ukraine (and therefore about Russia). We further talk about the welfare state: Are there things — important things — that a free market can’t handle?

On the subject of the market: President Trump recently attacked Amazon, the online retailer, as a blight on America. What are the merits and faults of that argument?

I also ask Sir Roger about smartphones and the social media: A lot of us are absorbed in those things. Are we lost, in a sense? We are connected — but are we also disconnected, in a way? Are fundamental human skills eroding?

Finally, we talk a bit about music and books. In a recent podcast, Norman Podhoretz said that the No. 1 novel is Anna Karenina. Sir Roger is inclined to agree, mentioning other candidates as well.

You are never finished talking with Roger Scruton. But the podcast does end. A conversation with this fellow is an education, a comfort, and a joy (and sometimes a provocation). Check him out.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
705306,"The Washington Post reports that the Israeli military has revived a policy of demolishing the family homes of West Bank Palestinians who have committed acts of terrorism. I think this is wrong, even repugnant. Since its target is the entire family of such individuals, it amounts to a kind of proxy punishment. Deterrence — if this is an effective deterrent — is no excuse. Deterrence is a legitimate purpose of punishment, but it must be subordinated to the elementary principle of justice that one should not be punished for a crime one did not commit. (If we instead think of such a reprisal within the context of warfare, it amounts to the targeting of noncombatants.)

I hope I will not be accused of having “sided with the terrorists” and indulged in “moral equivalence” and so on. This is not like choosing which basketball team to cheer for. Of course it is a viler thing to kill innocent civilians than to demolish their homes. But acknowledging Israel’s right to exist, and to defend itself and its people, does not mean one must countenance its every tactic, and indeed part of what troubles me about this tactic is its inconsistency with all that I admire about Israel.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
325960,"Obamacare Is Unconstitutional

By Grace-Marie Turner — December 13, 2010

In its first serious court test, the most unpopular provision in Obamacare — the individual mandate — has been declared unconstitutional on two crucial grounds.

First, U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson ruled that Congress exceeded its constitutional authority to regulate interstate commerce by compelling people “to involuntarily engage in a private commercial transaction.”

Second, he said the Obama administration can’t argue after the fact that the mandate is a tax and therefore within Congress’s constitutional taxing authority. “The Court is unpersuaded” that the penalty for not purchasing insurance is a “bona fide revenue raising measure enacted under the taxing power of Congress,” he wrote from his bench in the Eastern District of Virginia.

Virginia attorney general Ken Cuccinelli led the commonwealth’s case against the law. It was a victory for him when Judge Hudson declared that the mandate to purchase health insurance represents an “unchecked expansion of congressional power” that “would invite unbridled exercise of federal police powers.”

Cuccinelli had argued that the Commerce Clause of the constitution does not grant Congress the authority to force people into economic activity. Judge Hudson declared that the mandate is “neither within the letter nor the spirit of the Constitution.”

This is the tall pole in the tent of Obamacare. While Judge Hudson did not halt implementation of the law or declare the whole thing invalid, supporters and opponents alike argue that losing the individual mandate could cause the whole flawed structure to collapse.

In his 42-page opinion released today, Judge Hudson caught those who drafted the law at their own game: He cited earlier versions of the legislation in both the House and the Senate that explicitly referred to the penalty for not complying by the “politically toxic term ‘tax’.” But they substituted the term “penalty” for the word “tax” in the individual-mandate section of the final law.

“A logical inference can be drawn that the substitution of this critical language was a conscious and deliberate act on the part of Congress,” especially since the term “tax” is used in numerous other places in the law regarding taxing medical devices, employer-sponsored health insurance, high-income taxpayers, and indoor tanning services.

This “taxing” issue likely will be key to the Florida court decision that will be argued this Thursday. Twenty states and the National Federation of Independent Business are challenging the individual mandate as well as the government’s authority to dictate health-coverage expansions to the states.

Federal Judge Roger Vinson of Florida declared earlier that “Congress should not be permitted to secure and cast politically difficult votes on controversial legislation by deliberately calling something one thing, after which the defenders of that legislation take an ‘Alice-in-Wonderland’ tack and argue in court that Congress really meant something else entirely, thereby circumventing the safeguard that exists to keep their broad power in check.”

The White House is, predictably, arguing that the decision against them in the Virginia case isn’t a big deal because numerous other challenges to the law have been thrown out by other judges.

But none is as important as this one and the major one to come in Florida. Most of the other cases have been thrown out on “standing” claims or by judges with a very different interpretation of the Constitution. Judge George Caram Steeh of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, for example, said that the individual mandate is needed so the other provisions of the law can work.

Numerous experts argued while Obamacare was being debated that the individual mandate is unconstitutional. The White House and Congress chose to ignore them and, in their hubris, decided they could not only reengineer one-sixth of our economy but rewrite the Constitution in the process.

The astonishing thing is that virtually the entire health-care establishment bought into this. The health-insurance industry staked its future on the individual mandate as necessary to make all of the other provisions of this Rube Goldberg monstrosity work.

Was there ever anyone at any of these meetings who raised his hand to say that maybe it wasn’t a good idea to pass a major piece of legislation that was premised on violating the Constitution?

Judge Hudson did not strike down the whole law but determined that the individual mandate and associated provisions could be declared unconstitutional — severing the “problematic portions while leaving the remainder intact.” He concluded that the law “embraces far more than health care reform. It is laden with provisions and riders patently extraneous to health care — over 400 in all.”

This is a major victory for opponents of Obamacare, and the judge made the correct constitutional decision.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
668594,"The Wall Street Journal’s Political Diary on Michigan’s Supreme Court race:

Michigan legal watchers also worry that a flip of the court could undermine the state’s economic climate. The court’s jurisprudence has been especially noteworthy in the area of civil liability, where the court’s conservative majority has limited plaintiffs attorneys’ attempts to test new theories of liability. While state Supreme Courts in Ohio, Florida, Illinois, Wisconsin and Georgia have all blocked tort reform laws passed by the state legislatures, Michigan’s court has stood up to the tort bar and helped improve the legal climate for business in the state.

Among the conservative incumbents in Michigan is Justice Stephen Markham, who ran the Office of Legal Policy in President Reagan’s Justice Department and has been credited with helping shape the Reagan administration’s commitment to appointing a new generation of “textualist” judges. Justice Brian Zahra, who was appointed by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder to the seat vacated by Justice Maura Corrigan, is also contesting his seat against state District Court Judge Shelia Johnson.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
900442,"I have a new item over on the home page on budget negotiations among the House Republican conference. Thus far, conservatives have largely been a hard “no” on leadership’s budget, but in a closed-door meeting this morning, Freedom Caucus member Andy Harris made a pitch that’s helping many in the group move toward compromise:

Harris took the microphone and laid out the vision that many conservatives increasingly believe could get them to support the October framework, giving leadership the 218 votes it needs to pass the budget: While maintaining that topline figure, Republicans could embed entitlement cuts into the budget, and strip out that spending in each appropriations bill. “People have always been focused on the wrong number in this debate,” says Budget Committee member Tom Cole. “The real problem is entitlement reform. I respect folks that are worried about spending money. I consider myself a deficit hawk. But we did make a deal.” And according to both Gibbs and a leadership member inside the room, Harris’s pitch generated excitement. “It seems to be the best chance at compromise,” the member says.

Several conservatives, though, are standing firmly against leadership’s $$1.07 trillion spending figure. And now, they’re facing even more pressure from outside groups to stay there: in the next two weeks, the Heritage Foundation will drop its own budget blueprint with a topline figure of $$990 billion.

The House is in recess for the next week, so my updates might be few and far between. But we’ll expect serious movement starting February 22. As ever, stay tuned to National Review for the latest.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
558668,"This past week saw more bad news for Obamacare, so the Obama administration slipped on the brass knuckles.

Last week brought news that health-insurance premiums grew by a smaller increment in 2010 than in any of the past ten years. On Tuesday, the Wall Street Journal reported that Obamacare appears to be turning that around:

Health insurers say they plan to raise premiums for some Americans as a direct result of the health overhaul in coming weeks, complicating Democrats’ efforts to trumpet their signature achievement before the midterm elections. Aetna Inc., some BlueCross BlueShield plans and other smaller carriers have asked for premium increases of between 1% and 9% to pay for extra benefits required under the law, according to filings with state regulators.

The Journal even included this handy chart, where the blue bars show how much Obamacare will add to the cost of certain health plans in 2011.

Source: Wall Street Journal

In addition, a Mercer survey of employers found that 79 percent expect they will lose their “grandfathered” status by 2014, and therefore will become subject to many more of Obamacare’s new mandates — a much higher figure than the administration had estimated. Employers expect those additional mandates will increase premiums by 2.3 percent, on average, and boost the overall growth of premiums from 3.6 percent to 5.9 percent in 2011.

In response to the health insurers’ claims, HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius fired off a letter to the head of the health-insurance lobby. The news release on the HHS website makes her purpose plain:

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius wrote America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP), the national association of health insurers, calling on their members to stop using scare tactics and misinformation to falsely blame premium increases for 2011 on the patient protections in the Affordable Care Act. Sebelius noted that the consumer protections and out-of-pocket savings provided for in the Affordable Care Act should result in a minimal impact on premiums for most Americans. Further, she reminded health plans that states have new resources under the Affordable Care Act to crack down on unjustified premium increases.

In the letter, Sebelius cites HHS’s internal analyses and those of Mercer and other groups to support her claim that Obamacare’s impact on premiums “will be minimal” — somewhere in the range of 1 percent to 2.3 percent, on average. Sebelius tells insurers that she will show “zero tolerance” for insurers who “falsely” blame premium increases on Obamacare, and promises aggressive action against those who do:

[We] will require state or federal review of all potentially unreasonable rate increases filed by health insurers… We will also keep track of insurers with a record of unjustified rate increases: those plans may be excluded from health insurance Exchanges in 2014. Simply stated, we will not stand idly by as insurers blame their premium hikes and increased profits on the requirement that they provide consumers with basic protections.

First of all, how does Sebelius know these claims are false? The analyses she cites project a 1-2 percent average increase in premiums. As I blogged back in June, her own agency estimated that just a couple of Obamacare’s mandates will increase premiums for some health plans by 7 percent or more. Is 9 percent really that far off? Didn’t her agency write that a “paucity of data” means there is “tremendous,” “substantial,” and “considerable” uncertainty about the reliability of their own estimates?

More important: So what if insurers believe that Obamacare is increasing premiums by 9 percent, while Sebelius believes it should only increase premiums 7 percent? What business does she have threatening insurers because they disagree with her in public? Obamacare gave the HHS secretary considerable new powers. Is one of those the power to regulate what insurers say about Obamacare? Excluding insurers from Obamacare’s exchanges is not a minor threat. Medicare’s chief actuary predicts that in the future, “essentially all” Americans will get their health insurance through those exchanges. Does anyone seriously doubt that Sebelius’s threat is about protecting politicians rather than consumers?

When President Obama promised that he would sell Obamacare to the American people, most people probably assumed he meant with his rhetorical skills. But National Journal reports, “Remember how the administration was going ‘to sell’ the controversial legislation once it passed? Obama is not doing much pitching.” He can’t even sell Jon Stewart on Obamacare. The administration seems to have settled on a different sales strategy: intimidate those who say unflattering things about Obamacare.

Earlier this year, I predicted that Obamacare would get uglier and more corrupt over time. I didn’t know I’d be proven right so quickly.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
484555,"Washington — Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D., Nev.) had a testy exchange with Sen. Sherrod Brown (D., Ohio) on the Senate floor Thursday evening, at times loud enough to be heard from the upstairs press gallery. Senators convened late Thursday to initiate action on a proposed tax package, even as the final details were being ironed out. A cloture vote is schedule for Monday at 3 p.m.

Reid and Brown were heard discussing the 1603 tax-grant program for renewable energy industries. Brown and other Senate Democrats want the program extended as part of any final package. Brown has been one of the most outspoken opponents of the proposal to extend the Bush tax rates for top income earners, but has not ruled out voting for the deal.

The conversation apparently didn’t go very well, because at one point an exasperated Reid blurted out: “I’m not a king!” Shortly afterwards, an agitated Brown retreated to the back benches to pout.

Curious.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434747,"The Latest Bombshell from Mrs. Clinton’s Lawyer

Did the former secretary of state delete pertinent e-mails while subject to congressional investigation?

By Shannen W. Coffin — March 30, 2015

Hillary Clinton’s lawyers confirmed what many have suspected since her remarks at a U.N. press conference earlier this month: She has wiped her server clean of any e-mails that she didn’t turn over to the State Department. In so doing, Mrs. Clinton has given her critics more reason to suspect that she is up to no good and yet further reason that Mrs. Clinton should keep those lawyers on speed dial.

In the ongoing saga of Hillary Clinton’s exclusive use of a private server at her Chappaqua, N.Y., home, the latest bomb was thrown by her lawyer, David Kendall (of Bill Clinton impeachment fame). Late last week, Mr. Kendall wrote a lengthy letter to the Benghazi Select Committee to respond to Chairman Trey Gowdy’s demand that she turn over her server for inspection and analysis by a “neutral detached and independent third-party.” Mr. Kendall flatly refused the demand, suggesting that the committee lacked the authority to request it. But for good measure, Kendall explained that review of the server would be fruitless. After her personal lawyers reviewed the e-mails to determine which records Mrs. Clinton should return to the State Department, she “chose not to keep her non-record personal e-mails and asked that her account (which was no longer in active use) be set to retain only the most recent 60 days of e-mail.”

To “avoid prolonging a discussion that would be academic,” Mr. Kendall adds, “no e-mails from [email protected] for the time period January 21, 2009, through February 1, 2013, reside on the server or on any back-up systems associated with the server.” Thus, he concludes, “there are no [email protected] e-mails from Secretary Clinton’s tenure as Secretary of State on the server for any review, even if such review were appropriate or legally authorized.”

Lawyers are not usually this bold when disclosing evidence that suggests potential breaches of criminal law. I say “potential” because it is impossible to know for sure — unless, of course, you, like most congressional Democrats, are willing to take Mr. Kendall’s (and Mrs. Clinton’s) word for it. But the destruction of any record while a person is subject to a congressional-committee investigation is a reason for humility, rather than hubris, on the part of that person’s lawyer. This is so because a number of federal laws prohibit obstruction of such investigations.

And several federal criminal statutes might be implicated here. (The Congressional Research Service has been kind enough to pull them together: PDF here.) The Sarbanes-Oxley statute — enacted (with the support of Senator Clinton) in response to alleged document destruction by accounting firm Arthur Andersen in the Enron fraud investigation — prohibits just the sort of conduct here if, in fact, Mrs. Clinton destroyed any official records to avoid disclosure in a federal investigation. The statute provides the following: “Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsifies, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States . . . or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both.” (That statute may not be directly implicated by congressional investigations, since Congress is not a “department or agency of the United States.” But a strong argument could be made that the State Department’s response to such a congressional investigation is a “matter” within the scope of the law.)

Other statutes directly address obstruction of a congressional investigation. For instance, 18 U.S.C. § 1505 provides: “Whoever corruptly, or by threats or force, or by any threatening letter or communication influences, obstructs, or impedes or endeavors to influence, obstruct, or impede . . . the due and proper exercise of the power of inquiry under which any inquiry or investigation is being had by either House, or any committee of either House or any joint committee of the Congress — Shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years . . . ” Similarly, other statutes I have previously discussed make it a crime for the custodian of an official federal record to conceal or destroy it, without regard to whether it has been demanded in a federal investigation.

It bears repeating that we don’t know, for certain, whether Mrs. Clinton has done anything that violates these statutes. If you accept Mr. Kendall’s word at face value, her lawyers have conducted a careful review of 60,000-plus e-mails and returned to the State Department anything that even arguably could be classified as an official State Department record. If true, then the discussion of criminal-law violations for destruction of documents is probably moot (though we don’t know whether Mrs. Clinton has saved any “official” e-mails in their original electronic form — a question whose answer is obscured by Mr. Kendall’s letter).

But whether or not she destroyed records, there is certainly evidence that she willfully concealed the existence of these e-mails during her tenure as secretary of state, because they were never searched in response to either congressional-committee requests or citizen FOIA requests while she was in office. We now know, by virtue of the State Department’s recent release to the Benghazi Select Committee of 850 pages e-mails from Mrs. Clinton’s private server, that she did, in fact, withhold records responsive to a federal inquiry for more than two years from their first request in 2012. Were it not for the State Department’s request that she return any official records on her private e-mails, would she ever have disclosed these records?

Putting aside the question of concealment, however, if what David Kendall says is true, we’re left mostly with a debate about Mrs. Clinton’s compliance with federal civil-records laws and regulations designed to protect and preserve a record of the business of the State Department. With regard to this, for reasons I have discussed at some length, there is every reason to conclude that Mrs. Clinton’s conduct was not only bad form but also a pretty blatant violation of the law. Mr. Kendall goes to some length to argue that Mrs. Clinton complied with the State Department’s governing regulations, but he elides the obvious fact that she took everything with her when she left the Department — without giving State Department records officials the opportunity to review and retain official records. This is a privilege otherwise unknown to the rank-and-file employee at the State Department and in obvious conflict with governing rules.

All of this raises the ultimate question: Given her wholesale failure to comply with her obligations as the highest ranking official of the State Department, why on earth would anyone be ready to accept Mrs. Clinton’s representations — carefully made through her private legal counsel — that she has fully complied with the law? The admission that Mrs. Clinton has deleted documents while she is subject of several congressional document demands (both by subpoena and less formal letter requests) at least gives rise to a reasonable suspicion that something is amiss. Normally, in those circumstances, a prosecutor would not simply rely on the deleter’s representations that she has acted in good faith. Instead, a reasonable prosecutor would want to verify that she complied with her obligations to turn all of her responsive records to the State Department — which it might be able to do through forensic analysis of her server. So rather than laying to rest the controversy of Mrs. Clinton’s server, Mr. Kendall has only amplified it.

— Shannen Coffin is a contributing editor to National Review. He is a partner at the Washington, D.C., law firm Steptoe & Johnson LLP and was a senior lawyer in the George W. Bush Justice Department and White House.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
703434,"Four months after the Deepwater Horizon spill — which President Obama called the “worst environmental disaster America has ever faced” — the oil is disappearing, and fisheries are returning to normal. It turns out that this incident exposed some things that are seriously wrong in the world of oil — and I don’t mean exploding wells. There was a broad-based failure on the part of the media, the science establishment, and the federal bureaucracy. With the nation and its leaders looking for facts, we got instead a massive plume of apocalyptic mythology and threats of Armageddon. In the Gulf, this misinformation has cost jobs, lowered property values, and devastated tourism, and its effects on national policy could be deep and far-reaching.

To get an idea of the scale of misinformation involved, consider how many of the most widely reported narratives about the spill — ones that have woven their way into the national consciousness — have turned out to be dubious. Some examples:

East Coast beaches are threatened. Everyone got the wrong idea about the magnitude of the spill from the very beginning. Simply put, while terrible, it was never going to be as big as most thought it would be. The spreading of this East Coast–beach meme was a joint operation of NCAR, the National Center for Atmospheric Research, and the media. In June, NCAR produced a slick computer-modeled animated video that showed a gigantic part of the spill making its way around the southern tip of Florida and up the East Coast. Oil covered everything from the Gulf to the Grand Banks. “BP oil slick could hit East Coast in weeks: government scientists,” dutifully reported the New York Daily News. CBS News, MSNBC, and many other media outlets chimed in in the same vein. The video was wildly popular on YouTube.

But then the government, in the form of a more senior bureaucracy, the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), disavowed the scenario.

In fact, according to Chuck Watson of Watson Technical Consulting — a Savannah, Ga., firm specializing in computer modeling of the effects of hurricanes, seismic events, geophysical hazards, and weapons of mass destruction — the simulation was bogus from the very beginning, because it ignored important conditions in the Gulf. Furthermore, says Watson, the media never took account of how diluted the oil would be once it hit the Atlantic: The bulk of the theoretically massive spill the video shows amounts to roughly a quart of oil per square mile. Watson claims flat-out that NOAA was “gold digging” for grants; there’s probably more federal research money floating around the Gulf than there is oil. “There is a feeding frenzy with people trying to get funding for their specialty,” he says.

Giant plumes of oil. By mid-May, oil was still comparatively scarce in the Gulf. Disappointed, the media began trying to figure out where it had gone. Marine researchers were drafted to provide the answer. Diluted oil was being found beneath the surface; but how diluted, no one was sure, and there was nothing vaguely resembling peer-reviewed literature.

Still, news reports implied or asserted that “enormous oil plumes” were waiting, like submerged monsters, to rise and attack unsuspecting beaches and wetlands. The New York Times summed up the media consensus on May 15: “Scientists are finding enormous oil plumes in the deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico, including one as large as 10 miles long, 3 miles wide, and 300 feet thick in spots. The discovery is fresh evidence that the leak from the broken undersea well could be substantially worse than estimates that the government and BP have given.” The article quoted Samantha Joye, a marine-sciences professor at the University of Georgia, as saying that this oil was mixed with water in the consistency of “thin salad dressing.”

According to the Washington Post, James H. Cowan Jr., a professor at Louisiana State University, reported “a plume of oil in a section of the Gulf 75 miles northwest of the source of the leak. Cowan said that his crew sent a remotely controlled submarine into the water, and found it full of oily globules, from the size of a thumbnail to the size of a golf ball.” The Post said that this showed the oil might slip past containment booms and pollute beaches and marshland.

But late in May, NOAA did a study that was far less alarming. It found weak concentrations of oil in the area surrounding the Deepwater Horizon site: 0.5 parts per million, maximum. The median was a little over 0.2 parts per million. As with the “giant” spill that threatened the East Coast, that’s barely above the threshold of detection. And by late July and early August, BP, the federal government, and some independent researchers were saying they couldn’t find any plumes at all. “We’re finding hydrocarbons around the well, but as we move away from the well, they move to almost background traces in the water column,” said Adm. Thad Allen, the administration’s point man on the spill. Some 75 percent of the oil released is gone — and that’s based on new estimates that put the spill rate at the high end of earlier projections.

As with the bogus doomsday model, industry experts say the giant-plume threat was greatly overstated by scientists and further blown out of proportion by the media. According to Arthur Berman, a respected petroleum expert at Labyrinth Consulting Services in Sugar Land, Texas, the theory flunks basic physics. “Oil is lighter than water and rises above it in all known situations on this planet. The idea of underwater plumes defies everything that we know about physical laws and has distressed me from the outset about these unscientific reports.”

It also ignores the Gulf’s well-known ability to break down oil. Berman points out that the Gulf has for millennia been a warm, rich ecological gumbo of natural oil seeps, oil-eating bacteria, and marine life that subsists on the bacteria. His research, he says, suggests that the spill represents at most four times as much oil as seeps into the Gulf naturally in a year — in other words, it is eminently digestible by the native ecosystem.

Berman and Watson are contributors to The Oil Drum, a group blog written by and for people in the energy business. The website has been debunking many of the extreme scenarios surrounding the spill. Most of its contributors are proponents of “peak oil” theories, and thus are skeptical of oil’s future and eager to explore alternatives. The oil industry has come to a sorry pass when its skeptics are its most credible defenders.

The Corexit threat. No aspect of the spill response has been more controversial than the widespread use of Corexit, a family of detergent-like compounds that break up oil, hence the name “dispersant.” Once broken up, oil evaporates, and is also easily eaten by bacteria. Dispersion turns thick, ugly slicks into widely distributed droplets, minimizing damage to beaches and sensitive wetlands. Massive application of dispersants is the reason the spill disappeared so quickly; but it’s important not to spray the dispersants directly on living things, like marshlands or coral.

Corexit has faced a variety of criticisms. Some say it is absolutely toxic, even more so when mixed with oil, and blame it for illness, including cancer, among spill workers in Alaska and elsewhere. They claim it’s been banned in Britain because it’s poisonous. They also suggest that Corexit is more dangerous and less effective than alternative dispersants, and has been used because BP has a financial interest in the firm that makes it. While this full-blown Corexit fear has been the province, for the most part, of green blogs, a few such allegations have made their way into mainstream publications like the New York Times, as well as recent congressional hearings.

The reality is that enough of anything will kill you, but that the amount of Corexit in the Gulf is highly diluted. As for the British ban on Corexit, it was based not on toxicity, but on the product’s slipperiness: Because the island nation is surrounded by a rocky, ecologically sensitive coastal environment, its version of the EPA makes sure all the small creatures that live there can cling safely to their rocks. If oil or Corexit gets on a rock, the humble limpet, the official guinea pig, loses its grip, so Corexit failed the tests. It is approved for application to spills in open water.

Even the EPA, which tries to ban basically everything but prune juice, has always approved of Corexit under tight supervision. The EPA weighed in with new findings at the beginning of August: It said that Corexit was “similar” in toxicity to other dispersants, and that there was no evil synergistic effect when Corexit was combined with oil. To the extent we need to worry about subtle, long-term environmental problems, the issue of residual oil is 100 times more important than Corexit.

Senior scientist Judith McDowell of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, a marine biologist who recently returned from the Gulf, says she isn’t entirely comfortable with the compound. But “given the situation in the Gulf,” she says, “given the massive amounts of oil and the human-health consequences at the well site, they had no choice.” She adds that dispersants should not be used with all spills. “It’s a trade-off when one wants to protect shoreline habitats, but you shouldn’t apply dispersants in all situations.”

All this misinformation comes at a serious cost. Even if the administration quickly rescinds its ban on offshore drilling (cost: 50,000 jobs, more than $$2 billion in lost wages), as appeared likely in early August, the economic impact of the spill and the paranoia surrounding it will be huge. Potential visitors and customers are scared.

● The real-estate company CoreLogic, as quoted by Bloomberg, says property values could fall by about $$3 billion over the next few years along the Gulf, and as much as $$56,000 for some houses.

● A trade group, the U.S. Travel Association, said the tourism industry in Florida alone could stand to lose up to $$18.6 billion over the next three years from the BP oil spill, even though the well has been capped.

● There are dozens of anecdotal reports that no one is buying Gulf seafood, even in areas unaffected by the spill. Gulf Coast shrimpers and fishermen are in a tough spot: On one hand, as more areas of the Gulf are declared safe, they presumably won’t be able to collect compensation from BP or the government and will have to get back to work; on the other, no one’s buying their catch. Given the public fear of toxins in food, this problem could last a long time.

● Even if the drilling ban ends, regulatory uncertainty will exact a huge cost from oil firms and their shareholders. Some insider reports suggest that oil assets in the Gulf are already being disposed of at fire-sale prices.

What’s especially unfortunate here is that all the misinformation connected to overreaction to the spill may have had a serious influence on President Obama and his advisers — leading, for example, to the Gulf drilling ban and an overly strict regulatory approach. This is a tough sell for conservatives, many of whom are looking for evil purposefulness, rather than delusion, in the administration’s policies. But think of it this way. We have the most liberal administration in history, and it is composed of people who lack the reflexive skepticism that conservatives apply to the mainstream media and left-wing blogs. Spend enough time following the reporting and blogging on Deepwater Horizon, and you come to realize that the administration’s behavior in the crisis likely wasn’t based on a cynical master plan; rather, the administration was overwhelmed by sheer panic about the magnitude of the potential disasters, outlined by its most loyal supporters, that it thought it faced.

– Lou Dolinar is a retired columnist and reporter for Newsday. He is currently in Mobile, Ala., working on a book about what really did happen in the Deepwater Horizon spill.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
72967,"At the Daily Beast last Thursday, reporter Nina Strochlic published the following extraordinary story:

A tenured professor with 13 years of teaching at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology claims he was forcibly hospitalized and put on leave for a series of explosive tweets he wrote about Ferguson. [On August 30, MIT literature professor Noel] Jackson fired off a tweet before 9 a.m.: “I was roused from bed this morning by 4–6 cops and am now at MGH [Massachusetts General Hospital] — presumably so they can check my #academicreedom [sic] levels . . . ” In subsequent tweets, Jackson claimed he was given no paperwork or explanation for his medical detention, and warned: “Just putting the word out there. . . . Your institution will do you in EXACTLY THE SAME WAY (if you dare to say something)” Then — after a stream of non-stop tweeting — Jackson’s Twitter account went conspicuously silent. Five days later, he reappeared, saying he was doing well but had been placed in the hospital by MIT. “I was section 12’d by my employer. This was the unexpected but not altogether unsurprising end to my experiment in excitable speech.”

It is an incredible story — but most likely in the literal sense of the word. Professor Jackson’s account fails to add up.

Jackson’s “section 12’d” refers not to “the 12th chapter of MIT’s Policies and Procedures guide” (as Strochlic presumes), but almost certainly to Massachusetts General Law, Part I, Title XVII, Chapter 123, Section 12, under which a qualifying medical professional may apply for the involuntary hospitalization of a person who is deemed likely to harm himself or others, as defined according to the requisite application form. This is, remember, only an application for admission.

To prevent abuse, the checks on this process are several.

According to Massachusetts’ Department of Mental Health regulations 104 CMR 27, anyone taken to a hospital under the auspices of involuntary hospitalization must first be allowed the option to admit themselves voluntarily. Assuming a medical professional did, in fact, apply for Jackson’s involuntary commitment, before being admitted involuntarily, Jackson was given the opportunity to apply for admission voluntarily.

Persons for whom application is made for involuntarily hospitalization, but who have not yet been examined by a physician, are legally required to receive an examination “within two hours” of arriving at the hospital by an independent physician. So, upon Jackson’s arrival at Massachusetts General Hospital, a medical professional (not the one who admitted him) was legally required to conduct a psychiatric evaluation, at the end of which the physician could have discharged the patient if he had found no basis for admission.

As for legal protection, Section 12 requires any medical facility that admits someone hospitalized involuntarily to alert the individual, or his legal representative, to his right to an attorney through the Committee for Public Counsel Services. If an attorney is appointed, he is legally required to meet with his client by the next day. Furthermore, anyone who “has reason to believe that the admission is the result of an abuse or misuse” of Section 12 has the right to request an emergency court hearing to be held no later than the business day after the request is filed.

So let’s pause here for a moment: To be true, Jackson’s story (so far) demands that 1) the Massachusetts Institute of Technology persuaded a medical professional to apply for the involuntary psychiatric commitment of one of its professors on the basis of his personal Twitter account. Then 2) an independent physician either mistakenly diagnosed a sane adult man or was somehow persuaded by the school to misdiagnose him. And 3) Jackson did not take advantage of the ample legal recourse available to him to dispute the series of events.

But there is further reason to believe that Jackson’s story is not what it seems.

On August 31, the day after Jackson’s commitment, Diana Henderson, dean for curriculum and faculty support at MIT (as well as a fellow literature professor), tweeted, “Dear all, I’ve heard from those closest to him that Noel is resting & offline for a few days. thx.”

Responding to queries from Jackson’s Twitter followers, she insisted: “Just to clarify: I haven’t spoken to MIT; I have shared what Nora & his family wished. That’s his wife & Jacksons.” (Nora Jackson, Noel’s wife, is also a professor at MIT.) And: “PLEASE folks, Nora & Noel’s family did NOT WANT this as twitter stuff.”

Given Jackson’s usual outspokenness on Twitter (he refers to administrators at MIT strictly as “b*tch tricks”) and his penchant for “resistance,” that he would refrain from publicizing his incident is decidedly out of character. Equally strange is his family’s alleged insistence that he was “resting” and that his situation should not be publicized. Natalia Cecire, a friend of Jackson’s and a professor at the University of Sussex, deleted tweets that she considered “TMI,” writing instead: “The point is that Noel is ok for now and says hello.”

Three days later, on September 4, Jackson himself tweeted: “Hi Twitter! I’m doing very well; thanks so much for your concern.”

So what actually happened to Noel Jackson? He is on leave from MIT, but getting more detailed information is a challenge: Jackson declined to speak to National Review Online, and he also refused to provide the name of any attorney. MIT confirmed that Jackson is a professor there, but would not comment otherwise.

However, an MIT faculty member, speaking to NRO on background, noted that until these events, Jackson had a fine reputation among his colleagues, who hope that he will be able to return for the spring semester. This faculty member insists, though, that Jackson’s representation of the events is misleading: “No one at MIT would ever seek to silence the political speech of a colleague even if they disagreed. . . . MIT’s administration does NOT care about the political content of faculty tweets and blogs. They value academic freedom.”

Taken as a whole, the available information makes it extremely difficult to believe that MIT responded militantly to a series of tweets, however troubling. It seems more likely that Jackson, for personal reasons, required urgent psychiatric care — but distorted the incident, and continues to distort it, into an assault on academic freedom. (It is important to note that he disclaims soliciting or contributing to the Daily Beast story.)

If this is the case, Professor Jackson deserves more sympathy than blame, and one hopes that he is receiving appropriate care.

More blame falls on Nina Strochlic and the Daily Beast, for what appears — less than a week after Sabrina Erdely’s outing — to be a dereliction of journalistic duty. Strochlic seems to have relied for information solely on Jackson’s tweets, and she propagated his narrative of victimization at the hands of an elite university with no independent confirmation. It is no defense that she hedges her story with “Professor claims . . . ”

Furthermore, Strochlic’s insinuation that the administration of an elite university tried to silence a faculty member for sympathetic Ferguson tweets should have been unlikely on its very face; the overwhelming majority of the faculty and administration probably agree with Jackson’s opinions (if not with his rhetoric).

I would be interested to see more information from Strochlic, Jackson, or MIT to help clarify this incident. If, in fact, the extraordinary claims of Noel Jackson are true, his story should be of national interest. Involuntary psychiatric commitment for political positions is the stuff of totalitarian nightmares. But the evidence clearly suggests that this is not what happened.

— Ian Tuttle is a William F. Buckley Jr. Fellow at the National Review Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330444,"The company town gets a bad rap. Tennessee Ernie Ford lamented that he owed his soul to the company store, and the abuses associated with company towns — artificially high rents on company housing, high prices at those company stores, the scrip system, effective debt bondage — are familiar features of folk economics.

The strange thing is that a great many workers liked — even loved — those company towns. Some of them were awful and exploitative, but many were at least partly philanthropic expressions of Progressive-era utopian idealism, “conscious capitalism” before its time. In the United Kingdom the Cadbury company, which was owned by a reformist Quaker family, founded Bourneville, a company town built with an eye toward helping Cadbury workers achieve a standard of living that they could not secure on their own, with high levels of municipal services, better public hygiene, tidy subsidized housing, recreational facilities, etc. — and no pubs. In the United States, the Pullman Company was famous/infamous for its company-town paternalism.

Many company towns were based on extractive businesses — oil, mining, timbering — and hence often were located in remote areas, which in turn created monopoly conditions for the companies that owned the towns. Monopolies are rarely good things, but keep in mind that the idea of a monopoly exercised in the public interest was a common feature of progressive thinking a century ago, as it is today. (Some people never learn.) To be sure, there was an ever-present element of self-interest on the part of employers, but there was also a belief, perhaps naïve, that this corporate-municipal paternalism could be part of a virtuous cycle — companies would invest in the well-being of their workers, those workers would be happier and more productive, the companies would grow more profitable and thus have more resources to invest in the happiness and moral uplift of their workers, and so on. You hear the same kind of arguments made today for mandatory-leave laws.

RELATED: A Note to Entitled Millennials in the Workplace: Give Humility a Try

Another feature of the company town, one that is relevant to our own time and condition, is that they made it very easy to say “Yes” to a job. If you were out of work, the promise of a steady wage, an affordable home with no embarrassing and stressful negotiations with a skeptical landlord, credit at the company store, and the basics of life at your fingertips often was alluring. Paternalistic employers encouraged religious and family life, healthful recreation, and self-improvement, while they discouraged drinking (especially drinking in dens of sin in which union organizers might congregate) and other vices, and smoothed over many of the small perplexing dilemmas and inconveniences of life. All you had to do was accept the terms of employment and be willing to do the work.

If that sounds a little bit like a labor-intensive version of college life today, that is no accident.

With the basics of life taken care of, it’s a lot easier to say “Yes” to the opportunity. You get on the bus and you go.

Here’s a strange thing: In an era when attendance at a prestigious universities is an absolute obsession for the American upper class and aspirants to it, college recruiters routinely report that students from poor, low-resource communities, especially Hispanic students, turn down scholarships at prestigious institutions to attend less highly regarded colleges close to home. There’s a whole subgenre of higher-ed professional literature on the subject, which occasionally makes its way into popular discourse . Republicans often overgeneralize positive stereotypes about Latinos — that their being “family-oriented” makes them likely Republican prospects — but the fact is that Latinos, like many members of minority groups, women, and low-income people, tend to be risk-averse in certain important ways . They are hesitant to pack up, move across the country away from home, family, and social-support networks, to set up a new life from scratch in some remote college town or intimidating city.

College recruiters have responded to this in much the same way as those old company-town bosses did; for example, recruiters have told me that they have much better luck recruiting minority and low-income students when the offer includes campus housing and a meal plan rather than, say, a more generous scholarship or work-study arrangement that would allow students to live off-campus. With the basics of life taken care of, it’s a lot easier to say “Yes” to the opportunity. You get on the bus and you go. In my own experience working in educational nonprofits, I’ve seen anecdotal evidence of the same trend: It is a lot easier to recruit students for fellowships and internships that come with housing arrangements than for ones without that, even when the latter come with generous stipends and other benefits.

RELATED: Income Inequality Is Here to Stay

Why does this matter? It matters because much of our thinking and debate about things like welfare and unemployment is dominated by the question of how we think people should behave, when we ought to be thinking more about how people do behave. If your interest is in moral posturing, then lecturing people who are on welfare and lingering on unemployment that they should be assertive self-starters willing to suck it up and take a new job in a new location in order to become self-sufficient citizens is enough; if you want to get people to actually change their lives, then you have to go beyond the homily.

Without getting too deeply into the psychological research, there are a great many things that we think of as character defects that probably are at least in part hardwired features of certain people’s brains, or at least practically ineradicable products of their experiences. In neither case are these features necessarily irrational: For example, given that women and African Americans were for many years excluded from or marginalized within the formal economy, is it any wonder that members of those groups are collectively less sunny about the prospects of free enterprise than white men are? Not really. It may be that they are wrong about the promises of capitalism, but they aren’t wrong unreasonably. The risk aversion referenced above is a real and knotty fact of life that our public-policy thinking has to take account of. So is the predominance of now-directed action rather than future-directed action in portions of our population, particularly among young men. Assuming that what we want — “we” here being not only conservatives, but practically everybody short of the full-Communism Left — is self-sufficient working families who if they rely on public assistance at all rely on it temporarily as a bridge from one state of self-sufficiency to the next, then we have to figure out ways to overcome that risk aversion and now-directedness or, even better, use it to our (and their) advantage.

RELATED: Why Wal-Mart Is Reducing Worker Hours, After Raising the Minimum Wage — And Other Lessons in Reality

One way of doing this would be to radically change how we handle unemployment benefits. If you are unemployed in Texas, you can look forward to 26 weeks of benefits at something like (on the upper end) $$400 to $$450 a week. Even in the low-cost corners of Texas, that’s not a lot of money, and, given the structure of unemployment benefits, it’s always less than you were making before. You aren’t getting ahead: At best, you’re treading water, but you’re probably falling behind. The maximum 26-week benefit you could get in Texas would be (rounding down a little for the sake of simplicity) about $$12,000, or about $$460/week. On the one hand, that’s not very much money at all week to week; at the same time, that $$12,000 in total is a lot of money to most households, and more than many working families have ever had in their bank accounts at once.

If we want people to take new jobs, then we should make it as easy as possible, and as attractive as possible, for people to take new jobs, including new jobs that require relocation.

The way we do things now, we essentially say: “Okay, buddy, here’s your $$460 check. You have 25 weeks left, so you’d better get a job.” We could instead say: “Okay, buddy, here’s your $$460 check. Your maximum remaining benefit is $$11,540. If you get a job this week rather than collecting unemployment for the full 26-week period, we’ll give you 70 percent of what’s left, which is about $$8,000.” For a significant number of lower-income households, that $$8,000 would mean paying off all credit-card debt or owning their car free and clear. For most of them, it would more than cover the cost of relocating to a new place to take a new job. Of course, we’d have to be clever about the timing and structuring — we’d probably want to hold off on writing that big check until they’ve been in their new job for a year or more and deduct these payments from any future unemployment benefits — but putting a big fat bonus on getting off unemployment would put that now-directedness to work for us and for them, whether they appreciate the fact or not. Put the money on the table and people will start thinking real hard about what they have to do to get that check.

We could also operate on the employer side of the relationship. Paying for a recruit’s relocation is compensation, and therefore is a deductible business expense. But except for big-money firms going after big-paycheck employees, most businesses won’t even have a discussion about paying relocation costs. Hiring managers will moan all day about how hard it is to find good people, but they refuse to go hunting where the ducks are. If a potentially good employee has been unemployed for a month or two, chances are excellent that his personal finances are not in terrific shape, and that the cost of putting a deposit on a new apartment, getting out of his current residential situation, and renting a U-Haul are going to be a real burden on him. If you knocked 7 percent off his offer and used that money to help relocate him, you might very well come out ahead. A really aggressive/paternalistic employer might even go so far as to rent a couple of modest apartments near the office and make them available to relocating employees, deducting the rent out of their paychecks. A super-paternalistic employer might even go so far as to mandate personal financial counseling for all employees and take steps to help them make good decisions. There are things that we could do through public policy to encourage that, too. Instead of making employee relocation an ordinary deductible expense, we could partially refund some of those costs, redirecting some of the money we might have spent on certain public benefits to employers who make them unnecessary. Even with all the caveats that leap to mind about creating perverse incentives and opportunities to game the system, there are better ways to spend the money we’d spend maintaining people in endless unemployment.

RELATED: Defining Economic Failure Down: We’re Coming to Accept a Weaker Economy as the New Norm

Which is to say: If we want people to take new jobs, then we should make it as easy as possible, and as attractive as possible, for people to take new jobs, including new jobs that require relocation. We want to make the road to “Yes” as smooth and straight as possible. The worker is here, the job is there, and we want him to get on the bus. Sometimes, everybody will be better off if we pay the fare.

The cynical might say that this sounds like a plan to take people who are averse to change and risk and convert, on the relative cheap, their malingering on unemployment and welfare to stagnating in dead-end jobs. Even if that were the case, it still would represent an improvement. On the other hand, if we could keep some non-trivial share of those people on the verge of long-term unemployment in the habit of going to work every day, paying their bills, etc., then we have reason to hope that some portion of them will advance and thrive in their new positions, and that many of the others will at the very least achieve some sort of stability.

RELATED: Needed: A Safety Net That Works

But that’s going to be very difficult to do if government and the unemployed are the main actors while employers play only a minor role. The real challenge is getting employers to take a more assertive and, though we dare not say so aloud, paternalistic role when it comes to non-elite employees. As technological connectedness lowers employment-related transaction costs for high-end, high-skilled employees and employers both, a lot of what Ronald Coase wrote about in The Nature of the Firm is becoming less applicable at the rarefied end of the market: The entire concept of “having a job” means less and less every year to elite workers, who increasingly move from project to project and opportunity to opportunity rather than from job to job as such. For many elite software developers and financiers, and even for many people at the top end of the arts and cultural occupations, the idea of a 40-year career with one firm and a pension at the end of it is not only undesirable, but absurd. They neither need nor want employer paternalism.

But that’s not the case for a $$40,000-a-year assistant manager of a food-distribution warehouse, who is in most cases going to be a lot less motivated by the prospect of thrilling intellectual challenges at work than by the increasingly frustrating quest for basic security and stability. Employers need both kinds of employees, but many of them neglect opportunities in the non-superstar end of the market. Part of that is economic, but part of it is cultural, too. There’s no reason why a commercial landlord in Wyoming shouldn’t recruit a new property manager from New Jersey and help him with the relocation, but we just don’t do very much of that. And maybe we should do more. Strangely, we do the opposite: The people who receive relocation assistance as part of their compensation are generally high earners who don’t really need it much and who could manage with no trouble without it; in these relationships, the relocating assistance (along with things like signing bonuses and the like) function mainly as a signaling mechanism, a way for employers to tell recruits that they are important and will be treated as such.

Get Free Exclusive NR Content

There is reason to believe that many Americans, especially those of average to lower incomes, would welcome a degree of paternalistic intervention. We already have in effect a forced-savings program for American workers, except we call it a “tax refund.” We overtax workers, who in effect make interest-free loans to the federal government and then get excited when they get their own money back — with no interest, but in a lump sum. People like lump sums. That is not rational from a strictly economic point of view, but it is a genuine aspect of human economic behavior. Employers and government both have the opportunity to do something creative with that. And there are self-interested reasons to do so. Give an hourly employee a bonus equivalent to two weeks’ pay and you’ll see a very happy employee — even if that bonus was funded by paying him a bit less than you otherwise would have. One smart operator of my acquaintance, who is not famous for generous wages, socks away the equivalent of a small percentage of what he pays every employee and hands it out as severance pay. He does this even though he is not required to, and he does it whether the employee is leaving on good terms or on bad terms. This often amounts to six or seven months’ worth of compensation, which takes the sting out of it if you’re firing somebody and secures a great deal of good will when an employee is leaving to pursue more attractive opportunities elsewhere.

Employers 100 years ago went out of their way to keep their workers away from whiskey, and they incurred some expenses in doing so. There aren’t very many companies today where a $$28,000-a-year employee can walk into the human-resources office and say, “I want to do something about my credit-card debt,” or “I want to save up for a down payment on a house” and expect to get any real help. Changing that could do some real good.

— Kevin D. Williamson is roving correspondent at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
648175,"The New York Times reports today that the Obama administration has decided to waive the deadline for states to opt into administering exchanges under Obamacare in the hopes that reluctant states will get on board:

Under the law, the secretary of health and human services was supposed to determine “on or before Jan. 1, 2013,” whether states were prepared to operate the online markets, known as insurance exchanges. But the secretary, Kathleen Sebelius, working with the White House, said she would waive or extend the deadline for any states that expressed interest in creating their own exchanges or regulating insurance sold through a federal exchange. A political benefit of this strategy is that it allows the administration to keep working with even the most recalcitrant states. Administration officials said they were trying to persuade such states to share the work of running an exchange, supervising health plans and assisting consumers. The exchanges are a crucial element of President Obama’s health care law. Every state is supposed to have one by October, and most Americans will be required to have coverage, starting in January 2014. The federal government will run the exchange in any state that is unwilling or unable to do so. It now appears that federal officials will have the primary responsibility for running exchanges in at least half the states — far more than expected when the law was passed in 2010.

So far, 17 states have received “conditional” approval of their proposed state-run exchanges, including Utah, which has expressed reservations about enforcing the individual mandate and implementing other provisions of the law. The Times notes that “federal officials granted conditional approval to some states even though state legislators had not provided clear legal authority or money to run an exchange.”

Secretary Sebelius is also holding out hope that some other states will agree to run “partnership exchanges” with the federal government and is giving them until February 15 to decide. American Medical News reports that Arkansas and Delaware have signed up for this hybrid model, which essentially lets the states maintain some regulatory control while the federal government assumes the responsibility and much of the costs of administering the exchange.

The Times also quotes a former Obama administration official, who notes that none of these arrangements were envisioned in the law as written: “There is no such thing as ‘conditional approval’ in the statute, nor is there a ‘partnership exchange’ in the statute.”

It remains to be seen how successful this strategy will be in co-opting the states. NR’s editors last month urged them to resist.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
241270,"Just when you think you’ve seen everything, you meet the Commie cadet — the graduate of West Point who is a devotee of Communism. When did he graduate? Last year. We now have pictures of him at graduation.

See this Newsweek article, for example.

The cadet holds up a fist and shows the inside of his cap — on which he has written, “Communism will win.” He also opens up his uniform, to reveal the T-shirt underneath: a Che Guevara shirt.

Newsweek’s writer says, “Sounds like the kind of thing that would rile up the right, yes?” He further notes that conservatives indeed “erupted with rage.”

Considering Communism and its record — the millions of murders, the endless misery, the denial of basic human rights — why should it be only conservatives who are riled up, etc.?

Strange.

Anne Applebaum writes about what she calls the “Populist International” — an out-and-out movement, recognized as such by its leaders, proudly. Just the other day, Nigel Farage was talking about this movement: “the whole global movement.”

Applebaum wrote about him, specifically, here.

Farage, as you know, is the former UKIP leader in Britain. And he was campaigning in Alabama, for Senate candidate Roy Moore. Farage had come from Germany, where he campaigned for the AfD, a.k.a. Germany’s alt-Right. (“AfD” stands for “Alternative für Deutschland.”)

The Populist International consists of the AfD, of course, and Marine Le Pen and Viktor Orbán and the “Freedom” party in Austria and the “Law and Justice” party in Poland and so on. Julian Assange and his WikiLeaks are part of it all too. And hovering over the movement is the ruler in the Kremlin, Vladimir Putin.

Earlier this year, two Republican congressmen, Steve King and Dana Rohrabacher, huddled with Madame Le Pen. They discussed what King called “shared values.” No doubt.

Lately, I have heard much more enthusiasm for Orbán from my fellow American conservatives than I have for, say, Paul Ryan. To say nothing of Mitch McConnell.

A lot of conservatives — good, normal, Reagan-appreciating conservatives — think they can ride the nationalist-populist tiger. “Pas d’ennemis à gauche,” goes the old line of French radicals: “No enemies to the left.” There are many, many who hold to “Pas d’ennemis à droit” — “No enemies to the right.”

I think they are going to be very sorry, these good conservatives.

Yesterday on Twitter, Michael Beschloss, the presidential historian, circulated a letter. It was written in 1961 by Lou Saban, the coach of the Boston Patriots (later the New England Patriots). (The late Coach Saban was not a relative — at least not a close relative — of today’s famous coach Nick Saban.) The recipient of the letter was President Kennedy.

Saban tells him the Patriots could use him as a receiver. He also encourages him to watch a game or two. But I was most struck by the end of the letter: Saban wishes the president well in his “battle for democracy and freedom.”

Did Americans ever talk that way? Yes. And more recently than 1961. And they can again.

Thomas Massie, a Republican congressman from Kentucky, elected in 2012, said something very interesting. I will quote the Washington Examiner:

“I thought they were voting for libertarian Republicans,” Massie said of the Republican voters who had delivered the Tea Party victories. “But after some soul-searching, I realized when they voted for Rand and Ron [Paul] and me in these primaries, they weren’t voting for libertarian ideas. They were voting for the craziest son of a bitch in the race. And Donald Trump won best in class.”

For the article, go here.

Lyndon LaRouche is still kickin’ — he is 95 — and so are his followers. I saw them in New York City the other day. They had set up prominent stands in a prominent place: Columbus Circle. They were all for Trump and all against Robert Mueller — saying that the Russia investigation was a fraud, etc.

Huh.

After Roy Moore defeated Luther Strange in the Republican primary (Alabama), President Trump deleted his tweets — the ones in which he had praised and boosted Strange.

Huh, again. I did not figure Trump for a tweet-deleter. I thought he was more an “own it” — an “out and proud” — kind of guy.

I was enthusiastic about several of Trump’s cabinet picks, including Mattis at Defense, DeVos at Education, and Price at HHS. As far as I was concerned, Tom Price was the No. 1 Republican congressman on health care. A doctor himself, he spoke impressively on the subject. I thought he was just the right guy in the right job: HHS secretary. He was the one, I thought, who would guide the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare.

Boy, was I wrong. I am surprised and saddened. I expected his tenure to be superb. Damn.

Over the years, I have read many, many articles on the Castro regime’s doctors racket: They send doctors abroad, making serious money for themselves — for the regime — while paying the doctors themselves very little. Often, the doctors defected to the United States, until President Obama blocked them from doing so.

Anyway, I have never read a better article on the subject than the one the New York Times published on Friday (here). It is by Ernesto Londoño and is datelined Rio de Janeiro. Let me quote a little:

In a rare act of collective defiance, scores of Cuban doctors working overseas to make money for their families and their country are suing to break ranks with the Cuban government, demanding to be released from what one judge called a “form of slave labor.” Thousands of Cuban doctors work abroad under contracts with the Cuban authorities. Countries like Brazil pay the island’s Communist government millions of dollars every month to provide the medical services, effectively making the doctors Cuba’s most valuable export. But the doctors get a small cut of that money, and a growing number of them in Brazil have begun to rebel. In the last year, at least 150 Cuban doctors have filed lawsuits in Brazilian courts to challenge the arrangement, demanding to be treated as independent contractors who earn full salaries, not agents of the Cuban state. “When you leave Cuba for the first time, you discover many things that you had been blind to,” said Yaili Jiménez Gutierrez, one of the doctors who filed suit. “There comes a time when you get tired of being a slave.”

Let’s have a little language. Thanks to a horrific hurricane, many American TV reporters are saying “Puerto Rico” — and saying it kind of funnily. I wrote a piece about all this — the pronunciation of foreign place-names and related issues — 15 years ago. Go here. Kind of interesting, kind of amusing (I hope).

By the way, Mark Helprin, in a recent novel, writes “Porto Rico” and “Porto Rican” — old-fashioned orthography, and not so bad.

A little music? I wrote a brief post, publishing a letter — a letter about a young couple’s first experience with the opera. Try it here.

Some more music? For my “Salzburg Chronicle,” published in the new New Criterion, go here.

Some sports? On Saturday night, Andrew Romine of the Detroit Tigers played all nine positions — all nine positions in one game. He became the fifth major-league player to do it. To read about this feat (or stunt?), go here.

Why did the Tigers do it? Well, Romine is a versatile guy, and they were showing that off. He even pitches, yes. But also, the Tigers are like the worst team in baseball — and were just goofing off at the end of the year.

I was interested to read an obit of Kenneth Silverman, a scholar of our colonial period. He won the Pulitzer prize for his biography of Cotton Mather. He also worked in other fields — writing biographies of Edgar Allan Poe, Samuel Morse, and John Cage.

And Houdini.

Now, when young, Silverman performed as a magician. A real live magician. I love the way this obit ends:

Adhering to the magician’s unwritten code, he refused to reveal the secrets behind Houdini’s most famous tricks. Historian and magician struggled. In the end, Pulitzer or no Pulitzer, the magician won.

When you’re out and about in Milwaukee, people say hello to you. Amazing. So friendly.

They have a spanking-new skyscraper downtown: the Northwestern Mutual building. Glassy — crystal-like — and attractive.

You ever had September 7 cake? I hadn’t. Pretty good. (It’s cake, after all.)

When my nephew was little, he was served a bowl of chicken-noodle soup. His grandmother said, “Chicken-noodle soup: What could be better?” He answered, “Cake.”

On the subject of food: If I’m ever on Death Row and have the opportunity of a last meal, my choice is this: a grilled-cheese sandwich (cheddar), a Diet Pepsi, and a vanilla custard shake, all from Northpoint in Milwaukee.

There is a Northpoint in the Milwaukee airport. There is also my favorite sign in all of America. You see it just after you go through security. “Recombobulation Area.”

I mentioned this on Twitter. A man sent me a picture of a favorite sign of his — a bronze plaque in the Pittsburgh airport. It shows the Statue of Liberty. And it quotes the Emma Lazarus poem: “From her beacon-hand glows worldwide welcome.”

When I got back to New York, a cabbie asked me where I had been. He is a relative newcomer to America. I said, “Milwaukee.” He said, “Is that in Hawaii?”

Good guess. I never realized how Hawaiian “Milwaukee” sounds.



READ MORE:

Remembering Communism: The Uses of History

Populism on Pause

Nigel Farage, Donald Trump’s Precursor? He’d Like to Think So

A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
703874,"Anthony Dick

Anthony Dick is an associate editor at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
600363,"Rob Portman: We Must Reform Unemployment Insurance

By Jonathan Strong — January 7, 2014

Senator Rob Portman of Ohio surprised a lot of people in voting to advance debate on the unemployment insurance extension today. But walking out of the Senate chamber, he seemed a bit surprised himself there was so much interest in his vote from the throng of reporters that followed him back to his office in the Russell building.

“I don’t even know what the vote [tally] was,” he confessed, asking what the result had been. The Senate GOP leadership, he added, hadn’t put any pressure on him to vote one way or the other.

In voting to advance the bill, Portman said he hopes Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid will provide an actual debate – affording an opportunity to reform the program.

“The more you look into this the more you realize it’s not working to help the long-term unemployed. We have the highest levels in the history of our country right now. So just to extend again is not the answer. Second, I do think that historic levels of debt and these massive deficits impacts the economy right now. And for us to not pay for it after just going through this budget debate, where we established caps …. I think is a mistake,” Portman says.

Regarding arguments from conservatives that extending unemployment benefits could have the unintended effect of disincentivizing people to find work, Portman says “I think it depends on the situation. For a lot of people, [they] really don’t have the skills, can’t find a job. For others, I’m sure there is some disincentive.”

Portman is working on a proposal to pay for the new spending with an offset and also help workers learn new skills to connect them to open jobs for which there are few workers.

“We need to figure out how to connect people to jobs. One of the big issues in Ohio and elsewhere is people do not have the skills to take advantage of the openings that are out there. In Ohio we have about 100,000 jobs open. We need to connect those who are on unemployment insurance to those jobs,” he says.

The Ohioan is still undecided whether he’ll vote for the final product. “It depends on what we can work out,” Portman says.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719408,"Obamacare’s Worst Metric by Far: Covering the Uninsured

By Patrick Brennan — April 2, 2014

After its first round of enrollment, the Affordable Care Act has enrolled the number of Americans expected in private insurance coverage and apparently signed a lot of people up for Medicaid. In one major way, the law is working. But the most fundamental task of the law was reducing the number of Americans without health insurance, so it is hardly a cheap attempt to distract from the enrollment success to point out that it seems to be doing a rotten job of signing up the uninsured. Chris Conover, a Duke academic who blogs at Forbes with Avik Roy, has drawn up the below chart, comparing the share of uninsured Americans who’ve gained coverage by this point versus each of the CBO’s projections about the law.

It’s doing absolutely terribly on this metric versus projections, to say nothing of rhetorical claims about vastly expanded coverage):

That is, even after many states rejected the Medicaid expansion and the HealthCare.gov debacle of last fall, the CBO still expected the law to cover twice as many of the uninsured as it did. Conover makes the right point: If the CBO had projected Obamacare would do this in its first year — disrupt individual markets and raise premiums for millions while covering one in eight uninsured Americans, it’s hard to see how the law would have passed.

I should note that I consider Conover’s projections pretty conservative: I find it a little hard to believe 1 million people who were paying individual-market premiums before their plans were canceled are now going uninsured (if so, wow, this law is worse than I thought). The estimates about how many of the exchange enrollees were previously uninsured are still unreliable. People may be not becoming uninsured thanks to the ACA even if they had insurance last year. Etc. But Conover doesn’t adjust for enrollees not paying their premiums, and he’s doing careful work, so his basic conclusion is almost surely right: The law isn’t meeting significantly lowered projections of how many insured it would cover.

Here is the disheartening thing: Conservatives can talk all they want about whether Obamacare is covering the uninsured and doing so at a reasonable cost. But now that enrollments are no longer minuscule and because the exchanges, while they will be troubled and more costly than they should be thanks to a number of factors, aren’t going to experience a death spiral, the law is solidifying its position. Americans don’t like their own insurance being disrupted, and they don’t like obviously disastrous government programs. But they aren’t automatically exercised by wasteful government spending or having millions of Americans uninsured — look, for decades, they’ve tolerated spending hundreds of billions of dollars being spent every year on an insurance program (Medicaid) that doesn’t clearly improve health outcomes.

“It’s not covering the uninsured in the way it promised while causing massive disruption to the individual insurance market” is not as persuasive or alarming as “it’s totally unsustainable” or “it’s not expanding insurance coverage as much as it should.”

“It’s still not covering the uninsured the way it promised while imposing huge hidden costs on the health-care market,” which will have to be the Republicans’ line in 2017, is even less automatically persuasive. All of which, of course, is why as Reihan writes, echoing Ramesh, Obamacare won’t defeat itself.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
901825,"“President Obama, I support the Americans’ outstretched hand. But what did the international community gain from these offers of dialogue? Nothing.” – French president Nicolas Sarkozy, September 24

When France chides you for appeasement, you know you’re scraping bottom. Just how low we’ve sunk was demonstrated by the Obama administration’s satisfaction when Russia’s president said of Iran, after meeting President Obama at the U.N., that “sanctions are seldom productive, but they are sometimes inevitable.”

You see? The Obama magic. Engagement works. Russia is on board. Except that, as the Washington Post inconveniently pointed out, Pres. Dmitry Medvedev said the same thing a week earlier, and the real power in Russia, Vladimir Putin, had changed not at all in his opposition to additional sanctions. And just to make things clear, when Iran then brazenly test-fired offensive missiles, Russia reacted by declaring that this newest provocation did not warrant the imposition of tougher sanctions.

Do the tally. In return for selling out Poland and the Czech Republic by unilaterally abrogating a missile-defense security arrangement that Russia had demanded be abrogated, we get from Russia . . . what? An oblique hint, of possible support, for unspecified sanctions, grudgingly offered and of dubious authority — and, in any case, leading nowhere because the Chinese have remained resolute against any Security Council sanctions.

Confusing ends and means, the Obama administration strives mightily for shows of allied unity, good feeling, and pious concern about Iran’s nuclear program — whereas the real objective is stopping that program. This feel-good posturing is worse than useless, because all the time spent achieving gestures is precious time granted Iran to finish its race to acquire the bomb.

Don’t take it from me. Take it from Sarkozy, who could not conceal his astonishment at Obama’s naïveté. On September 24, Obama ostentatiously presided over the Security Council. With 14 heads of state (or government) at the table, with an American president in the chair for the first time ever, with every news camera in the world trained on the meeting, it would garner unprecedented worldwide attention.

Unknown to the world, Obama had in his pocket explosive revelations about an illegal uranium-enrichment facility that the Iranians had been hiding near Qom. The French and the British were urging him to use this most dramatic of settings to stun the world with the revelation and to call for immediate action.

Obama refused. Not only did he say nothing about it, but, reports Le Monde, Sarkozy was forced to scrap the Qom section of his speech. Obama held the news until a day later — in Pittsburgh. I’ve got nothing against Pittsburgh (site of the G-20 summit), but a stacked-with-world-leaders Security Council chamber, it is not.

Why forgo the opportunity? Because Obama wanted the Security Council meeting to be about his own dream of a nuclear-free world. The president, reports the New York Times, citing “White House officials,” did not want to “dilute” his disarmament resolution “by diverting to Iran.”

Diversion? It’s the most serious security issue in the world. A diversion from what? From a worthless U.N. disarmament resolution?

Yes. And from Obama’s star turn as planetary visionary: “The administration told the French,” reports the Wall Street Journal, “that it didn’t want to ‘spoil the image of success’ for Mr. Obama’s debut at the U.N.”

Image? Success? Sarkozy could hardly contain himself. At the council table, with Obama at the chair, he reminded Obama that “we live in a real world, not a virtual world.”

He explained: “President Obama has even said, ‘I dream of a world without (nuclear weapons).’ Yet before our very eyes, two countries are currently doing the exact opposite.”

Sarkozy’s unspoken words? “And yet, sacre bleu, he’s sitting on Qom!”

At the time, we had no idea what Sarkozy was fuming about. Now we do. Although he could hardly have been surprised by Obama’s fecklessness. After all, just a day earlier in addressing the General Assembly, Obama actually said, “No one nation can . . . dominate another nation.” That adolescent mindlessness was followed with the declaration that “alignments of nations rooted in the cleavages of a long-gone Cold War” in fact “make no sense in an interconnected world.” NATO, our alliances with Japan and South Korea, our umbrella over Taiwan, are senseless? What do our allies think when they hear such nonsense?

Bismarck is said to have said: “There is a providence that protects idiots, drunkards, children, and the United States of America.” Bismarck never saw Obama at the U.N. Sarkozy did.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207185,"The Washington Post Gets Retirement Wrong

Things aren’t nearly as bad as the paper makes them seem.

By Andrew G. Biggs — October 9, 2017

Experts disagree on how well prepared Americans are for retirement. Data on income and savings aren’t perfect, and economists differ as to how much they think a household actually needs to fund a comfortable retirement. Some studies find a large retirement-savings gap, while others — including some well-respected work — find that most Americans are doing well in saving for retirement. I’m on the more optimistic side of that debate, but any honest researcher would admit that a legitimate debate on retirement income security exists.

Which is why the Washington Post’s lengthy exposition of “The New Reality of Old Age in America” is so disheartening. It has everything that poor journalism exhibits: excessive reliance on anecdotes, the use of misleading and sometimes outright incorrect data, and the one-sided citation of experts.

Here is a paragraph where the authors summarize their major conclusions:

While some work by choice rather than need, millions of others are entering their golden years with alarmingly fragile finances. Fundamental changes in the U.S. retirement system have shifted responsibility for saving from the employer to the worker, exacerbating the nation’s rich-poor divide. Two recent recessions devastated personal savings. And at a time when 10,000 baby boomers are turning 65 every day, Social Security benefits have lost about a third of their purchasing power since 2000.

Nearly all of this is either misleading or simply wrong.

The Post reporters focus on a key statistic — that the percentage of older Americans who continue to work is rising — and spin it into a picture of seniors on the edge of financial disaster. The Post illustrates this trend with portraits of low-income retirees seeking to make ends meet by continuing to work, often in difficult jobs.

Americans are in fact working longer, which is both to be expected as lifespans increase and to be celebrated as seniors overcome age discrimination, health factors, and the deterioration of their technical skills to extend their work lives and build retirement savings. Moreover, as I pointed out in a 2015 Wall Street Journal op-ed, retirees aren’t all working at Walmart-greeter wages. Older Americans’ labor-force participation rose even as that of younger Americans fell, but older workers maintained their wage levels.

So the Post’s whole narrative that working longer is evidence of a retirement crisis is suspect. Worse, most of the Post’s supporting evidence also falls short.

Just to start, one might expect that if retirees had “alarmingly fragile finances,” as the Post claims, they would also have a high poverty rate. And yet we see precisely the opposite: Recent research from two Census Bureau economists, C. Adam Bee and Joshua Mitchell, finds that only 6.9 percent of Americans aged 65 and older have incomes below the poverty line. The poverty rate among working-age Americans is roughly double that level; among children, it’s at least triple. If poverty drops as Americans retire, how can that be a sign that our retirement system — which combines Social Security with employer-sponsored retirement plans and personal saving — isn’t working?

The Post cites left-leaning economist Teresa Ghilarducci, who states:

There is no part of the country where the majority of middle-class older workers have adequate retirement savings to maintain their standard of living in their retirement. People are coming into retirement with a lot more anxiety and a lot less buying power.

Really? The Census Bureau’s Bee and Mitchell find that, from 1989 to 2007, the inflation-adjusted income of retirees at the 25th percentile of the income distribution — precisely the types of working-class households the Post highlights — rose by 50 percent. Is that a “lot less buying power”? Certainly not compared with the incomes of pre-retirees: Among the households of Americans aged 50 to 60, incomes rose by only 15 percent from 1989 to 2007, according to Survey of Consumer Finances data that I pulled up.

And that increase in retirement incomes is being driven by the private retirement plans that the Post and the critics it cites claim are failing. For the typical new-retiree household, the real value of Social Security benefits increased by 25 percent from 1989 to 2007. But the value of benefits from private retirement plans — meaning traditional pensions, IRAs, and increasingly 401(k)s and similar plans — rose by 75 percent. In light of such statistics, it is preposterous to claim that America’s private retirement-savings system is failing.

The Post also errs in claiming that “Social Security has lost a third of its buying power” since 2000, a claim the paper sources to a “study by the Senior Citizens League.” The Senior Citizens League study does not calculate changes in prices but changes in household expenditures, which encompass both rising prices and increases in the quantity of goods and services purchased by retirees. Why not instead cite the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which states that an inflation adjustment called the chain-weighted CPI — which would show that the buying power of Social Security has increased over time — is “a closer approximation to a cost-of-living index than other CPI measures.” (The Senior Citizens League study is based on a version of the CPI called the CPI-E.)

Likewise, a Post graphic trumpets that “Social Security payments are less than the federal minimum wage,” but produces this result only by using misleading statistics. The average annual Social Security retirement benefit is $1,369 per month, or $16,428 annually. A person working at the $7.25 federal minimum wage for 40 hours per week, 52 weeks of the year, would receive $15,080. The Post claims lower average Social Security benefits by looking only at benefits for “retired workers with an aged spouse,” which means a spouse who had less than ten years of work and thus doesn’t even qualify for benefits on her own. This group of retired workers with aged spouses is uncommon, making up only around 11 percent of Social Security retiree beneficiaries. Moreover, it is misleading to compare such a couple’s Social Security benefits to what they could have earned if both worked at the minimum wage, since an aged spouse beneficiary has less than ten years of work at any wage. The Post graphic also misstates the poverty threshold for an over-65 couple, which is not $16,242 but closer to $14,604. It is worrying that the Post article’s authors were willing to undertake such statistical gymnastics to demonstrate a point that is essentially false.

The Post article also claims that 33 percent of retirees receive at least 90 percent of their income from Social Security. But these figures are mistaken; they are derived from a household survey that, as shown in the Census study cited above, dramatically undercounts benefits from private retirement plans. IRS tax data show that only 18 percent of retirees receive 90 percent of their income from Social Security benefits.

The Post authors likewise call 401(k)s a “Wall Street gold mine,” despite the fact that the average fee on a 401(k) account has dropped by 38 percent since 2000 while investment fees paid by traditional defined-benefit pensions — particularly in government — have skyrocketed as these plans chase returns through exotic, high-cost “alternative investments” such as hedge funds.

Similarly, the Post authors cite data showing that “nearly 30 percent of households headed by someone 55 or older have neither a pension nor any retirement savings.” But households without retirement savings are also among the poorest, with average household earnings among near-retirees of only around $13,500 per person. It’s unrealistic to expect they’d have much saved, which is precisely why Social Security provides a progressive benefit for low-income households.

The American retirement system is far from perfect, but a lot of things are going in the right direction.

In discussing the shift from traditional pensions to defined-contribution 401(k)-style plans — a shift that is taking place around the globe — the Post authors claim that 401(k)s “work best for the wealthy.” Maybe so, but that doesn’t mean 401(k)s are worse than traditional pensions. Social Security Administration data for 1980, near the peak of traditional pension coverage, found that fewer than one-in-ten new retirees received any benefits from a private pension; even among the richest quarter of the population, only half received private pension benefits. Today, research from Investment Company Institute and IRS researchers shows that 81 percent of retiree households receive at least some benefits from private retirement plans.

The authors of the Post article might respond that I’m citing some relatively obscure data and studies here, where they relied on prominent statistics and reports. But that’s why a good reporter will access expert sources from a variety of perspectives, to find out which statistics make sense and which might be misleading or outright incorrect. As it stands, the Post authors cite only sources that agree with their gloom-and-doom view of the U.S. retirement system, left-leaning sources like Teresa Ghilarducci of the New School and the union-affiliated Economic Policy Institute.

None of this is to say that the retirees highlighted by the Post don’t deserve both our sympathy and the concern of policymakers. But in a news articles, individual examples should be chosen to illustrate broader points that are supported by data. And the Post doesn’t do that. The American retirement system is far from perfect, but a lot of things are going in the right direction — including for the low-income Americans that the Post focuses on. The article’s authors seem ignorant of nearly all of them.

READ MORE:

The Washington Post Seeks a Right-Wing Scapegoat for Left-Wing Violence

Washington Post Transcripts Leak Sets Dangerous Precedent

Red Dawn at the New York Times

— Andrew G. Biggs is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. He formerly served as the principal deputy commissioner and the deputy commissioner for policy at the Social Security Administration.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720890,"The Seizure of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran: 31 Years Later

By Ali Alfoneh — November 4, 2010

“All propaganda is lies — even when it is telling the truth,” says George Orwell. Yet a careful examination of propaganda provides significant insight into the regime that produced it. The Islamic Republic of Iran’s propaganda on the occasion of the 31st anniversary of the November 4, 1979, seizure of the United States Embassy in Tehran is a case in point.

Sobh-e Sadegh, a mouthpiece of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC), hails November 4 as “the day of humiliation of world imperialism,” but goes on to reveal why this type of regime has prohibited normalization of diplomatic relations between the two countries for more than three decades rather than “humiliate” the United States.

Sobh-e Sadegh insists that the embassy takeover was a symbol of the “unity of all political factions within the regime in their fight against the Great Satan.” Thus, the author admits that the broad political alliance which defeated the Shah’s regime required foreign enemies like the United States for internal unification, an essential component of the regime’s very survival.

The author also stresses that November 4 marked the day when the “liberal political movements and those gravitating towards or dependent on the United States parted ways from the followers of the Line of the Imam [Rouhollah Khomeini, founder of the Islamic Republic].” This vague statement references Prime Minister Mehdi Bazargan’s transitional government which resigned in protest over the embassy takeover. Here, the author involuntarily shows that the Islamic Republic continuously provokes crises in Iran’s relations with foreign powers and facilitates a state of permanent political crisis to purge and “purify” the political system of undesirable political elements.

Sobh-e Sadegh’s columnist also argues: “Three decades after seizure of the Den of Espionage, it still symbolizes the unity of political groups of the Line of the Imam and the Leader and provides a distinction with deviating political movements dependent on the foreigners.” This point is of great policy relevance to those in the United States who advocate normalization of diplomatic relations with the Islamic Republic. The regime appears incapable of publicly committing itself to normalization of relations. How could the Islamic Republic’s leadership accuse its political opponents of being American agents if the regime were to normalize relations with the United States? This constitutes a particular source of concern to an illegitimate regime which is finding it increasingly difficult to redirect public anger away from its own shortcomings and towards external enemies.

The anniversary of the embassy seizure also provides an opportunity to reexamine the role of the IRGC in the hostage taking. Most historians blame obscure student groups who were “following the Line of the Imam,” leftist groups, and even the Soviet Embassy in Tehran of masterminding the seizure of the embassy. However, the IRGC was given formal responsibility for protecting the embassy in the face of violent demonstrators. Interestingly, 45 of 79 hostage takers identified by this author were either current or future members of the IRGC. According to one hostage taker, even the attackers’ sandwiches were prepared the night before at the canteen of the Revolutionary Guards. Leading IRGC commanders Mohsen Rezaei and Mohsen Rafiqdoust were some of the first to arrive at the embassy where they confiscated documents that were later used against members of the transitional government. These circumstances suggest a much more politically active role for the IRGC than hitherto known. The event also demonstrates what methods the IRGC is likely to use should foreign powers try to reach accommodation with any political faction not aligned with the Revolutionary Guards.

Thirty-one years after the seizure of the United States Embassy in Tehran, several known perpetrators of the attack have repented of their participation. They have realized how their actions have shaped politics in Iran. Some have themselves become victims of this ruthless political system, which constantly looks for and finds fifth columnists. It is this side of the Atlantic where some are still unwilling to accept reality.

— Ali Alfoneh is a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
598564,"Betsy Woodruff September 16, 2013, Issue by

Colorado experiments with marijuana

Denver, Colo. – There’s a stretch of Broadway that’s called Broadsterdam because of its medical-marijuana dispensaries. Just a block over, flanking Acoma and Bannock Streets, is a warehouse district. It’s not hard to guess which of the squat drab buildings are grow-ops (marijuana-growing operations) — they’re the ones wound in razor or barbed wire, with protruding cameras, barred windows, and extra air-conditioner units (the lights needed to grow plants make it hot in the warehouses, but the plants need cooler temperatures). Sometimes when you drive by, you can smell weed wafting in the breeze. And deep inside at least a few of those warehouses are vaults brimming with cash. Welcome to Colorado’s marijuana industry.

It’s been about nine months since Coloradans voted to legalize the recreational consumption of marijuana by adults over 21, and state lawmakers have until October 1 to figure out how to regulate the nascent industry. Retail stores are expected to be selling marijuana to anyone over 21 (including the inevitable marijuana tourists from out of state) by January 2014. And until then, the people whose livelihoods are inextricably linked to the marijuana industry — a burgeoning group that includes black-market dealers, drug-reform activists, medical-dispensary owners, and countless others — will watch, wait, and carefully navigate the emerging regulatory terrain.

It’s a situation of nigh-unprecedented touchiness. And it’s a case study in the fallout of federal overextension. Under federal law, consumption of marijuana for any reason is prohibited. But D.C. has better things to do with its finite resources than go after adults who grow pot in their basements, so the onus for keeping average Joes from smoking has been on the states. And when the states of Washington and Colorado decided to let nonviolent adults do as they please, using marijuana became de facto (though not de jure) legal there.

Good for them. Marijuana-legalization advocates have long argued that prohibition is ridiculous because — among other reasons — anyone who wants to get marijuana can. If nothing else, Colorado and Washington have given legislators in the other 48 states a chance to see what happens when libertarians have their way. And thus far, the case their examples make for marijuana legalization is pretty compelling. In fact, some of the weirdest hiccups in the whole process are the result of federal policymaking failures. (Marijuana advocates are optimistic about the long game; Illinois just legalized medical marijuana, which means that state’s sizable congressional delegation may feel pressure to reform federal policies toward the drug.)

A big part of the problem is that the federal government has a law that it can’t enforce. It’s simply not possible for Washington, D.C., by itself, to keep millions and millions of Americans from smoking marijuana. Even when all 50 states were on board with prohibition, it was impossible to keep weed from being about as accessible as organic arugula. Opponents of legalization say — quite reasonably — that what Colorado and Washington have done is detrimental to the rule of law. But having laws on the books that are unenforceable is equally detrimental. Voters in Colorado and Washington are just being pragmatic.

That pragmatism is easier voted for than implemented; it’s hard out there for a marijuana entrepreneur. But there’s “light at the end of the tunnel,” as attorney Brian Vicente puts it. He shares an old mansion in downtown Denver with a few other marijuana-legalization advocates. The building itself looks kind of like a really nice frat house run by anal-retentives; it’s clean and tidy, with a kitchen full of wine bottles and a front porch that houses plastic chairs and a bucket of cigarette butts. And it’s a nexus of sorts for Colorado’s anti-prohibition advocates.

Mason Tvert of the Marijuana Policy Project has a first-floor office that sports a framed copy of an essay he wrote in elementary school explaining that drugs are bad. And in a gabled room in the top of the building, Betty Aldworth, deputy director of the National Cannabis Industry Association, pushes the IRS to make the tax code at least remotely coherent for the owners of medical-marijuana shops. She’s got a cartoon on her desk from web comic Hyperbole and a Half that shows a stick figure under a rainbow with the caption “Maybe everything isn’t hopeless bulls***.”

Vicente, one of the primary authors of the measure legalizing recreational use in Colorado, works with numerous clients in the marijuana industry. The new regulations give current medical centers a few options, he explains: They can stay as is, they can switch over to selling only recreational marijuana, or they can get a dual license that would allow them to sell both.

Light at the end of the tunnel, indeed, but there’s one big problem that Colorado legislators won’t be able to fix: the issue of growers’ keeping cash in vaults. Most banks won’t let medical-marijuana dispensaries open accounts with them, fearing that federal officials might charge them with money laundering or a host of other violations.

The problem doesn’t affect only dispensaries. Roxanne Burns owns Ultimate Hydroponics & Organics, a small gardening-supply store tucked into a little cranny of a storefront on Broadway. It’s next door to the Colorado Alternative Medicine Dispensary (and, conveniently, about a block from a Taco Bell; farther down, you can find a head shop next door to a Starbucks). Burns’s business, which she runs with her son, caters to people who grow cannabis, but it doesn’t sell anything illegal. Among close observers of Colorado’s so-called green rush, the consensus seems to be that it’s smarter to invest in stores that supply dispensaries and growers — stores like Burns’s — than in dispensaries themselves.

Ultimate Hydroponics & Organics is the kind of aboveboard mom-and-pop shop you’d think business communities would welcome. It’s a clean, bright space that kind of smells like Home Depot. Nobody breaks any laws, and two happy dogs greet customers. It could be from The Andy Griffith Show, if Mayberry had lots of residents growing weed in their basements. But Burns says that when she first started, she had significant trouble finding a bank that would let her business open an account. One banker, turning her down, said, “You’re just going to be selling to dope dealers!”

Though Burns eventually found a bank that would take her money, countless other entrepreneurs have to use unorthodox — and risky — methods to store the cash they earn. Some open holding companies, some use offshore accounts, some launder cash into bank accounts through pawnshops, and I even heard that one banks with an out-of-state credit union that has an ATM in Denver (two guys from the dispensary go to the ATM; one deposits thousands of dollars while the other watches his back). Others just lock up the cash with the plants. “This is a nightmare,” says Vicente.

And it’s a nightmare the feds could end without too much trouble. According to Josh Kappel, a lawyer who works with Vicente, D.C. could do one of three things: The Treasury could specify in its banking regulations that banks are allowed to work with these companies; the DOJ could issue a statement saying it won’t target banks for working with them; or Congress could pass a law saying it’s permissible for banks to work with them. Representative Ed Perlmutter (D., Colo.) has a bill with bipartisan support that’s intended to accomplish the third option. But its prospects in the House look bleak. That leaves business owners in limbo.

The new laws haven’t just changed life for those selling legally. Dealers who sell illicitly also have to adjust to the new landscape. I spoke with a dealer who’s been selling illicitly for years — I’ll call him “Isaac.” Isaac lives in an upscale neighborhood in a suburb of Denver with his wife and young children. Unbeknownst to his white-collar neighbors (and his kids), he cultivates a small forest of cannabis in his basement. This in itself isn’t illegal; Isaac has a permit. And he says his wife is fine with it; growing and selling pot is his full-time job. It’s not just work, though; it’s a passion. He was a troubled kid in high school, with violent tendencies and a burgeoning drinking problem. By age 17, he’d been arrested multiple times.

Then he started smoking pot. Before, he says, he wouldn’t feel any remorse if he broke someone’s nose. But marijuana changed that; he stopped getting in fights and getting arrested — weed evened him out. He went on to college, where he studied, among other things, plant physiology, and he did graduate work in biochemistry, which comes in handy in his current profession. He says weed has been an overwhelmingly positive force in his life and in the lives of many others he has met.

Isaac doesn’t expect his profit margins to change much in January. That’s because he sells exclusively to people he knows. Much of his product goes to neighboring states (including Wyoming, Utah, and New Mexico), where prohibition keeps prices — and profit margins — much higher than they are in Colorado.

Isaac argues that medical-marijuana legalization changed the way Colorado’s black market works more than it changed its size. That’s because medical licenses let patients cultivate cannabis at home. There are essentially three steps to selling marijuana: cultivation, processing, and distribution. Medical-marijuana legalization means two of those steps — cultivation and processing — are now legal for many Colorado residents. But don’t think there’s a cannabis kingpin on every street corner. Many of these at-home cultivators — Isaac included — shy away from growing large numbers of plants, since cultivating 100 or more carries a mandatory minimum sentence of five years in prison.

It costs Isaac about $$600 to produce a pound of weed (not counting the cost of rent), and he can sell it for $$2,400 to $$2,600 in Colorado and $$3,200 in neighboring states. For years, he sold it for $$4,800 per pound, and he can still get that in some parts of the Deep South. Isaac says black-market prices started dropping in 2010, after the state legalized medical marijuana. Drug cartels have largely abandoned the marijuana business here, he says, as prices have fallen.

Isaac estimates that about a third of all the cannabis grown in Colorado gets exported from the state. According to an August report compiled by a network of law-enforcement agencies, in 2012 highway police nationwide seized, in total, about three and a half tons of marijuana being transported from Colorado to other states. As long as there’s prohibition in other parts of the country, and as long as there are Coloradans who prefer not to pay the mark-up that legal stores will have to charge because of regulations and taxes, there will be illegal sales of marijuana in Colorado — perhaps comparable to the black market for cigarettes in New York City — and illegal sales and shipments to people living outside the state. Marijuana advocates sometimes argue that legalization in a state will eliminate its black market. That seems unlikely. But, Isaac argues, the state has a milder black market than it would have if marijuana were completely illegal.

“All the cartels want to do is make money,” Isaac says. “All I want to do is make good product, and make sure my friends have good product.” Selling a basement’s worth of weed for a couple grand per pound is enough to make a decent living, he says, but not enough to become fabulously wealthy.

I heard the same thing — that the black market has evolved because of lower prices — from Frankie Grundler, the executive director of A New Path, a rehab center in Carbondale, Colo. “What’s happened is that the price has gone down quick,” Grundler says. “So there isn’t this criminal component to it of making outrageous amounts of money, huge profit margins.”

I met with Grundler and Stefan Bate, director of client services, in their sunny offices a few hours north of Denver, and they told me that they think recreational legalization will be better, in the long term, for public health.

Bates says he thinks marijuana could have less of a “gateway” effect when it’s sold in regulated stores instead of by dealers who could also peddle heroin, cocaine, and other drugs with far more detrimental effects.

“A lot of my clients are young guys — and they’re getting younger and younger every year — but almost without fail, they tell me it was easier to get marijuana than to get booze, because alcohol is so regulated,” Bate says. And he argues that if the criminal penalties for use are reduced, it will be easier for recovering addicts to get jobs, become self-sufficient, and move on with their lives.

He thinks full legalization makes more sense than legalization just for medical use. “To me, the medical-marijuana thing is absolutely ridiculous,” he says. “All of a sudden you have a town full of 18-year-old kids walking around with glaucoma.”

Others in the treatment industry take a less optimistic view. Scott Munson of Sundown M Ranch in Washington (which legalized recreational marijuana use a few hours after Colorado did) thinks increased dependency will be the inevitable result of legalization. He argues that as supply goes up, prices get lower, and legal consequences become less severe, the likelihood of abuse — especially among younger people — will rise. “And the consequences of that, I think, are going to be significant,” he says.

People who sell marijuana legally have to deal with a lot of the same annoying, unsexy problems that other businesses face, including cronyism and incompetent bureaucratic oversight. For instance, the Denver Post reports that a state audit of Colorado’s Medical Marijuana Enforcement Division found questionable spending on furniture, vehicles, and BlackBerrys, as well as a host of other problems. Auditors also found that twelve doctors issued more than half of the medical-marijuana recommendations in the state, suggesting that maybe not everyone getting medical marijuana actually has a medical problem. And now unions are eagerly eyeing the industry.

Regulatory failures have hurt dispensaries that follow state law, according to Kayvan Khalatbari, co-founder of Denver Relief, Colorado’s second-longest-running medical-marijuana center. “I guarantee there’s people that got away with things,” he says, “and that made it tougher for legitimates, because they were selling out the back door, they were selling to people that didn’t have cards, they were selling to underage people, because they could get away with it.”

Over the next few months, Colorado’s marijuana purveyors — licit and illicit — will keep a close eye on Denver as regulators try to craft sensible policy for an industry that, at least on a federal level, is still lawless. In some ways, Colorado’s law is a radical change. In a few months, anyone over 21 will be able to walk into a licensed retail marijuana store in the Centennial State and pick up some weed. In another sense, though, the new policy is just a codification of the state’s status quo. Even before legalization, Isaac had a maxim on the subject: “If you can’t get pot in Colorado, something’s wrong with you.”

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
694479,"Keeping America’s Edge, ctd.

By Jim Manzi — January 8, 2010

Several intelligent critics of my piece on Keeping America’s Edge have emerged in the past couple of days, generally focused on two sentences in it. I’ll try to deal with the lines of criticism in one place.

1. Correct facts are presented misleadingly. This was central to Jonathan Chait’s criticism, in two parts: (i) I presented an apples-to-oranges comparison of Europe and the U.S. in terms of both timeframe and geographical extent, such that the conclusion that Europe has ceded enormous share of global GDP and the U.S. has not over the past several decades is not supported by a fair reading of the facts, and (ii) I focused on absolute GDP rather than GDP per capita. As I said in response, lack of clarity is always the fault of the author. As I have also shown, I believe convincingly, the conclusion is supported by any interpretation of the data. While exact magnitudes will vary slightly, I defy any critic to display any analysis using any reasonable definition of Europe or any relevant time periods or any reputable data source that does not support this conclusion. As I believe that I have also shown, I never claimed that absolute GDP was the proper measure of “how good is an economic system,” but was clear that I believe it is, rather, a measurement of long-run geopolitical power potential.

2. I asserted, rather than proved, that entrepreneurial markets can generally be expected to lead to greater growth over decades in contemporary societies than more centrally-directed economies. This is exactly correct, and you don’t have to parse the two sentences in contention to show this. In the third paragraph of the article, I state flatly:

After all, we must have continuous, rapid technological and business-model innovation to grow our economy fast enough to avoid losing power to those who do not share America’s values — and this innovation requires increasingly deregulated markets and fewer restrictions on behavior.

The purpose of the article as a whole, never mind a single phrase, was not to provide an empirical demonstration that less regulated markets tend to provide faster economic growth under many conditions than more regulated markets (that debate has been going on for some time). Nor did it ever claim to provide this. The purpose of the article was to argue that, even assuming that less regulated markets provide big advantages, this premise does not lead to the conclusion that we can or should continue on the deregulation-oriented path on which we find ourselves without addressing the balancing consideration of social cohesion. In effect, I am accepting that in the long-run, we must find some way to address the dysfunctions that free markets always engender (or at least leave unaddressed). I don’t, on the other hand, accept that there is a free lunch available to us — if you restrict creative destruction, you will restrict growth versus what it would otherwise be, at least at the scale of decades. (Again, for clarity, I assert that I believe this to be true, rather than assert that I have proven it empirically in this post.)

Before you call this smoke and mirrors, and label me as a partisan shill for unregulated markets, you ought to confront the fact that two of the four recommendations I make are for certain kinds of regulation: (1) a modernized version of New Deal financial-services regulation, and (2) pursuing competition and family/student empowerment in education within the regulated public-school system, rather than (at least for a long time) across public and private schools.

3. It’s all population growth. In effect, this argument is GDP = GDP/Person X Population, and that GDP/Person has grown at about the same rate in the U.S. and Europe over this period, so the only real difference has been population growth. This is a factually (approximately) correct statement. There are two big problems with arguing that this shows that therefore policy differences didn’t matter. First, it is almost always harder to maintain a lead. Europe and the U.S. had previously been on a generally converging path of GDP/Person, and maintaining this lead in productivity (by this metric) was very far from preordained. Second, it is difficult for a society to maintain aggregate power indefinitely if its population share becomes small enough relative to other countries. Said differently, as much of the rest of the world applies some approximation of basic techniques of market capitalism and technological development, it will be very hard to maintain a huge enough productivity advantage for the West to retain aggregate power. DiA, in this vein, amusingly charges that

If Mr Manzi thinks America needs to maintain its GDP share to counter the rising third-world menace, then he is arguing that Americans should allow more immigration and have more babies.

Of course, one of the four recommendations I made was precisely to “reconceptualize immigration as recruiting,” both as a mechanism for increasing the GDP/Person impact per immigrant, and maintaining population growth (among other reasons).

The key practical point of the article is that I believe there is a different efficient frontier of smarter political action available to us than is currently being provided by our two major parties if we can try to see both sides of the eternal argument more clearly — that is “the inherent conflict between the creative destruction involved in free-market capitalism and the innate human propensity to avoid risk and change,” that in our case is exacerbated by both “ever-increasing international competition” and “the growing disparity in behavioral norms and social conditions between the upper and lower income strata of American society.”

As I also said in the piece, I believe that this three-part problem “has actually undergirded most of the key political-economy debates of the past 30 years. But a dysfunctional political dynamic has prevented the nation from addressing it well.” It’s a shame to see that dynamic replicated in this instance.

Update: As I re-read that last sentence, it sounds like I am blaming my interlocutors for misinterpreting me. I believe what I said about the responsibility for lack of clarity resting on the shoulders of the author. I stand by every word in the article, but I should have exerted greater powers of imagination to understand the reaction of somebody who does not share some of my premises, and should have reflected this in the article. The rough-and-tumble of direct exchange always improves thought and expression, so I thank all of my critics linked to in this post for their focused attention.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
667926,"Epic Court-Packing Fail: D.C. Circuit Calls Off Halbig Arguments

By Jonathan Keim — November 13, 2014

On routine motion of the plaintiffs, the D.C. Circuit yesterday canceled next month’s arguments in Halbig v. Burwell and ordered the case to be held in abeyance pending the Supreme Court’s decision in King v. Burwell, which was granted certiorari last week. Since those two cases concern the same central issue, namely, whether tax subsidies for Obamacare can go through exchanges not “established by the State,” the D.C. Circuit is now in a holding pattern until the Supreme Court issues its ruling on the issue, which will control the outcome of both cases. As a result, the administration’s strategy to run out the clock on timely judicial review of Obamacare has failed.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
684420,"Standing Martin Luther King on His Head

By Michael Knox Beran — February 13, 2013

State of the Union addresses were becoming nauseating circuses before President Obama, full of cheap applause lines and degrading demagoguery. But the unique circumstances of the Obama presidency have dissolved the checks which ordinarily discourage a politician from crossing the line that separates run-of-the-mill political obfuscation from out-and-out fantasy.

President Obama claimed last night to have “cleared away the rubble of crisis,” but after four years of trillion-dollar deficits and unprecedented spending, the economy remains stagnant and indeed contracted in the last quarter. The president’s program of “reigniting” the “true engine of America’s economic growth” through more government spending and higher taxes continues to cripple the economy, yet last night he touted the failed policies once again, and went so far as to spin them as a success story.

Ordinarily a politician whose rhetoric diverges so far from the reality of his record would be run out of town, but with this president it is different. After four years of mediocre leadership, the majority of Americans continue to judge Barack Obama not on what he has done but on who he is. In an ironic reversal of the criteria of judgment set forth by Martin Luther King, they judge him not on the content of his character (or more precisely his actions and achievements) but on the color of his skin. The president is therefore exempt from the penalties other democratically elected leaders pay when they offend too egregiously against the truth; unlike them, he can stray into the realm of fantasy with impunity.

This is the curse of identity politics, but there are some grounds for believing that it will not permanently disfigure the country’s politics. The majority of Americans have decided that, whatever his faults, this president must be deemed a success, even if he has not actually succeeded — must be allowed to take his greatness honoris causa in lieu of his failure really to have earned it. There may be wisdom in the judgment that eight years of dubious leadership is a small price to pay for the sake of the symbolic value of the spectacle. One only wishes that the president had the self-knowledge to recognize the gift that has been conferred upon him, and the humility to acknowledge that his success derives, not from the flawed policies he continues to pursue, but from an act of electoral grace and favor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
389675,"Carter’s Grave Wrong

A tragic misjudgment.

By Eric Cantor — April 22, 2008

[Peace initiatives], the so-called peaceful solutions, and the international conferences to resolve the Palestinian problem, are all contrary to the beliefs of the Islamic Resistance Movement…the Movement educates its members to adhere to its principles and to raise the banner of Allah over their homeland as they fight their Jihad. -- Article 13 of the Covenant of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas)

Casting aside State Department warnings, former President Jimmy Carter recently met with top Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal in the Syrian capital of Damascus, where he has been given refuge. Mr. Carter, earnest but wrong-headed, said he was on a mission to get Meshaal to agree to peacefully resolve Hamas’s differences with Israel. He made a grave mistake.

It’s not merely that Carter’s foray was an exercise in futility. That would be bad enough. But Hamas official Mushir Masri jubilantly declared that the parley with Carter proved Hamas is a legitimate national liberation movement, and — breathtakingly — not even a terrorist group. “It confirms the failure of U.S. and European policies of ignoring Hamas,” he told thousands of Hamas supporters. “It confirms that all the countries that assume Hamas is a terrorist group should reconsider.”

But what is there to reconsider? When Meshaal boasts of continuing the resistance until “every last inch of Palestinian territory” is liberated, as he is wont to do, he refers not merely to Gaza and the West Bank, but to the entirety of Israel. Hamas’s absolute bottom line — indeed, its reason for being — is the elimination of the state of Israel and its replacement with a Palestinian entity. To satisfy this goal, Hamas has used radical Islam and a cradle-to-grave anti-Jewish indoctrination to create legions of terrorists eager to attack civilians and embrace death. The organization has killed hundreds of Israeli innocents, as well as 26 American citizens, in attacks over the last several years.

The United States, Russia, the E.U. and the U.N. — the so-called “Mideast Quartet” — have wisely stuck by their pledge to boycott Hamas until it recognizes Israel and forswears terrorism. The aim is to show Hamas and the Palestinian people that terrorism doesn’t pay.

By rewarding Meshaal with a face-to-face meeting, former President Carter has undermined the international community’s effort. The day that Palestinians have leaders who want peace has been pushed back. Without lifting a finger to moderate his stand, Meshaal — Hamas’s most radical voice — has won an unexpected gift: The photo-op with President Carter strengthens the notion that Hamas’s bloodthirsty outlook represents a viable path for the Palestinian people.

All this is lost on Mr. Carter. If Hamas uses its resources and power to terrorize the Israeli people, it must be because of Israeli “occupation.” At least that’s what he concludes in his recent book on the subject. Turning a blind eye to Palestinian terror, Mr. Carter puts almost all the blame for the conflict on Israel. His solution: If only Israel would “[withdraw] to the 1967 border as specified in the U.N. Resolution 243…”, peace will emerge.

So, Mr. President, here’s what I wish you had asked Meshaal in your colloquy with Hamas:

Why, after Israel withdrew in August 2005 from every last inch of the Gaza Strip, did Hamas respond by using those very lands to launch over 5,000 rockets and mortars at innocent Israeli civilians across the border?

Why, as the U.N. declared last week, is Hamas hoarding one million liters of fuel, while crying wolf to the international community about an Israeli-induced collapse of Gaza’s entire economy?

The answers to both these questions are encapsulated in Hamas’s covenant. Misery and perpetual war give Hamas its reason to go on, while peace and prosperity would only spell the end.

The day after Carter’s meeting with Meshaal, Hamas suicide bombers detonated two explosives-laden vehicles at the Gaza-Israel border crossing, wounding several Israeli troops, whose alertness fortunately staved off potential disaster. Rockets also continued to rain on Israel. While the Israelis have practiced admirable restraint in the face of terror, the specter of a full-scale retaliation looms large. Casualties would be high on all sides. Hamas militants, who used gangland-style brutality to expel Fatah from Gaza last year, hide among civilian populations to launch rockets.

Once upon a time, an American president named Jimmy Carter negotiated a landmark peace deal between Egypt’s Anwar Al Sadat and Israel’s Menachem Begin. But Khaled Meshaal is no Sadat. This time Carter has made a tragic misjudgment of character and motives. Instead of peace, this meeting only hastens the coming of war.



– Virginia congressman Eric Cantor is Republican chief deputy whip of the U.S. House of Representatives.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
388861,"Why Are Graveyards of American Soldiers Filling up with Suicides?

By John Fund — June 4, 2015

Clint Eastwood’s hit movie American Sniper has brought home to Americans the trauma that many veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars bring back with them. An astonishing 22 veterans commit suicide every day, according to the Department of Veterans Affairs. A disturbing and growing number are younger vets, many haunted by their experiences and poorly reintegrated into civilian life. In a 2014 survey of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans, half said they knew another veteran who had attempted suicide.

Investigator James O’Keefe, whose previous undercover videos have exposed scandals involving ACORN, PBS, and voter fraud, has interviewed people who raise disturbing questions about the VA’s inability to treat the underlying causes of veterans’ emotional problems, as it falls back on a regime of drug therapies that often mask the problems or have serious side effects that make matters worse. A video from his group Project Veritas asks why an increasing number of military graveyards are being filled with people who died at their own hands rather than in combat.

A bill to improve suicide-prevention and mental-health programs at the VA has passed both houses of Congress, but many critics believe it papers over the VA’s real shortcomings — which were put in sharp focus by a 2013 scandal in which 40 vets died at a Phoenix facility waiting for care. Veterans Affairs secretary Eric Shinseki was forced to resign.

During a recent visit to National Review, former senator Tom Coburn (R., Okla.) told me that the VA continues to suffer from poor patient care, unreasonably long wait times, and data failures. The medical records are often horribly kept and inadequate. Dr. Maureen McCarthy, deputy chief patient-care-services officer at the VA, told a congressional hearing last year that she had no faith in the numbers her own department provides, so she couldn’t provide an estimate of how long veterans wait for mental-health appointments. Retired Army sergeant Josh Renschler, who has suffered from traumatic brain injury, told the same hearing that he would become confused or lost in chaotic VA facilities and couldn’t find a friendly staff member to help direct him.

RELATED: The VA Needs Reforming, Not Reshuffling

“I get better customer service at Best Buy,” he concluded.

Dr. McCarthy testified before the House Veterans Affairs Committee that “we truly believe that one death by suicide is one too many.” She went on to say: “Veterans who reach out for help deserve to receive that help. A veteran in emotional distress deserves to find there are no wrong doors when seeking help.”

But in statements she made to an O’Keefe investigator who was posing as a graduate student researching a paper earlier this month, she cast doubt on just how much the VA is cleaning up its own house.

She suggested that the VA might be helping turn vets into drug addicts:

Dr. Maureen McCarthy: You know, it’s not you know what people think of as sick patients, so much. It’s people that have drug problems, some of which are caused by us and our prescribing. . . . We also look at the combination of patients on opiates, like morphine and benzodiazepine, like Ativan and Klonopin. Project Veritas: Is that the anxiety . . . ? McCarthy: Yes. That combination in particular is like candy for some people. It’s like they want it, they want it, they want it.

I contacted the Veterans Affairs Department yesterday and was told that Dr. McCarthy was traveling. The department had no comment on her remarks.

O’Keefe tells the story of David Cranmer, a Marine who fought in Iraq and returned home with a severe back injury. Cranmer’s father, Bob, says: “It took him over a year to be seen. He was diagnosed that he would require surgery to have his discs repaired. But they never scheduled the surgery, they just gave him, gave him painkillers. And that went on for a number of years. The primary drug that he was given was OxyContin.” He finally entered a drug-addiction treatment center after he became an addict.

The VA finally called Cranmer in and after an hour with a psychologist at a local hospital diagnosed him with post-traumatic stress disorder. He was given the anti-depressant Zoloft and two mood stabilizers. But Zoloft has been proven to increase suicidal thoughts or actions. His father believes that ultimately the drugs did far more harm than good. A month after he was diagnosed, David Cranmer used a ladder to hang himself. He left behind a wife and a five-year-old daughter.

Nor is Cranmer’s course of treatment unusual. O’Keefe’s investigators interviewed Joe Salomon, a VA nurse-anesthetist in Little Rock, Ark.:

Joe Salomon: I think that, I’ll be honest with you. I think, you know, you’re a resident for six months and you’re a resident for six months and you’re a resident, and so you put on the pills. And you review it the next six months and you think, you know, this other pill may help. Then you do it, and you think, ahh, this other pill might help. Project Veritas: They don’t even know what the pills are actually doing though and they are giving pills. Joe Salomon: I do think that happens. Project Veritas: Right? Joe Salomon: Yes.

Tom Coburn, a medical doctor who has treated suicidal patients, says the VA needs a “top-to-bottom review and reorganization.” He says the bill passed by Congress that is designed to prevent veteran suicides “throws money at the problem while not demanding true reform” – and that the real issue is not whether Congress should help these patients, but whether Congress can force the VA to become a more accountable agency.

RELATED: VA Reform: Another Obama ‘Success Story’

Sean Parnell, a former Army Ranger and an adviser to Concerned Veterans for America, wrote recently in the Military Times that the problem “won’t be solved with simply ‘more funding’ or ‘more programs’ aimed at preventing veterans’ suicides.”

Indeed, what the VA really needs is to be taken by the scruff of its bureaucratic neck and given a thorough shakeout. A great country can’t ask its young people to serve bravely on battlefields and then too often treat them like bothersome discards when they return home.

– John Fund is national-affairs columnist for National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
326018,"Breaking Trust With America

By Grace-Marie Turner — March 22, 2010

The health-care reform debate has been at the center of a decades-long struggle in this country to find the balance between liberty and equality — two fundamental principles that form the genius of America.

Freedom is the fulcrum of our prosperity, with respect for the right of each one of us to pursue our dreams and happiness. And the conviction that all of us are created equal guides our compassion out of respect for the dignity of every person. America is great because we value both, and both are vital to the strength of this great country.

Legislators bring those convictions to the process of developing legislation, and that, I think, lies behind their cry for bipartisanship. The American people want respect for both liberty and equality to guide careful legislative decisions that balance these principles in our unique democracy.

But last night we saw an arrogant abuse of the process and of political power. The American people have spoken in every way they can that this bill does not produce either equality or liberty; they fear it will devolve more and more power to Washington and to the political process — that it puts too much power in the hands of government and too little in the hands of freedom-loving people.



I had the privilege of watching the debate unfold in the House gallery last evening as a guest of Rep. Jeff Fortenberry (R., Neb.) and his chief of staff, Kelly Lungren McCollum. I thank them deeply for inviting me. Along the way, I heard many false promises. “Every uninsured American can become insured,” said Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D., Tex.). Speaker Pelosi said: “This legislation will lead to healthier lives, more liberty to pursue hopes and dreams and happiness for the American people. This is an American proposal that honors the traditions of our country.”

Other Democrats said that Americans won’t have to lose their health coverage, and that they can see a doctor anytime they want. And over and over we heard that this huge new government entitlement will reduce the deficit.

But the actual bill defies those promises.

“You can’t improve the health of a nation by bankrupting its children,” Rep. Jeb Hensarling said. “This bill fundamentally changes the relationship between government and free people.”

Rep. Paul Ryan spoke about the larger vision of America. “America is not just a nationality,” he said. “America is an idea. It’s the most pro-human idea ever designed by mankind.”

But he warned:

We are fast approaching a tipping point where more Americans depend on the federal government than on themselves for their livelihoods — a point where we, the American people, trade in our commitment and our concern for our individual liberties in exchange for government benefits and dependencies . . . Do we believe that the goal of government is to promote equal opportunity for all Americans to make the most of their lives — or do we now believe that government’s role is to equalize the results of people’s lives? The European social welfare state promoted by this legislation is not sustainable. This is not who we are and it is not who we should become. Today marks a major turning point in American history. Our founders got it right, when they wrote in the Declaration of Independence that our rights come from nature and nature’s God — not from government.

Thirty-four Democrats voted with the Republicans and against Obamacare. Not one of them was given a chance to speak last night. Most agree with the Republicans in their concern about how this violates the culture of this country.

The American people are rising up and letting their legislators know in every way they can that Obamacare got it wrong. This sweeping, 2,700-page bill will be signed into law, likely this week. The debate over a second bill in the Senate is only a sideshow. The health-care overhaul law is passed. Obamacare will be the law of the land.

Battles will continue in the courts, in the states, in Congress, in the media, and around dining-room tables, likely for years to come. And the people’s voice will be heard the next time they have a chance to speak, at the polls in November. But today is a sad day for our great country. Neither equality nor liberty has been served. As Republican leader John Boehner told his fellow congressmen, by passing this bill, “we break our trust with Americans.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
684919,"President Obama has reportedly issued orders to his generals and other top national security officials to commence a troop buildup in Afghanistan. According to a BBC report, the president is now briefing allies on the decision.

Though no official number on the troop increase has yet been made public, most expect it to fall around 30,000, short of the 40,000 requested by Gen. Stanley McChrystal, the commander in the Afghan theatre.

Specifics of the plan are set to be pitched to the public in a speech at West Point tomorrow evening.

* * *

Update: 3:04 p.m.: Though the specifics of Obama’s plan remain unclear, the anti-war left has wasted no time protesting any escalation in Afghanistan.

Update: 3:36 p.m.: Former Assistant Secretary of State Kim Holmes on the inexcusable tardiness of Obama’s decision–and on why failure is not an option–here.

Update: 5:01 p.m.: Britain has signed on to send 500 more troops to Afghanistan, upping its presence in-country to a total of 10,000. But, no surprise, the rest of our NATO allies are expected to offer only half of the 10,000 additional troops the President will request from Europe.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
717227,"Roger Scruton, Functional Anthropology, and Foreign Aid

By Peter Augustine Lawler — December 22, 2015

I can’t compete with Pete in the judicious assessment of Cruz department.

So I will just note the story today that Rubio has turned Nevada into his firewall. The raging blaze threatening to consume is his campaign will be stopped there. Well, this is ridiculous in so many ways. Nobody cares about Nevada. If Cruz cruises through Iowa, obviously the wall will come tumbling down. Most of all, once a candidate starts talking firewall, you know he (or she) is succumbing to illusions about being able to control a process that has gotten away from him (or her).

What about movies? My personal behavior corresponds with that of Damon Linker. I’m slow to see movies with star in the title. That’s not because, as Damon contends, they’re merely children’s tales, but because I’m not hardwired to leave this planet for enjoyment. Well, someone might say, you liked Interstellar some. That’s because it confined itself to the doings of members of our species. My four favorite films of the year are: Brooklyn (which I’ve already talked about), We Were Young, Love and Mercy, and Amy. I know I have a lot of explaining to do, but not right now.

Here you can read pretty much what I said about the greatest living conservative thinker, Roger Scruton, at Rhodes. Thanks to Lauren Weiner, it’s a little better than what I said. At Perspectives on Political Science, 2016 will be the year of Scruton and the the greatest living student of political philosophy, Pierre Manent. Please send me any ideas you have along those lines. We’re working with Dan Cullen, who’s pretty much Roger’s agent in America, and Dan Mahoney, who does the same job for Pierre. There will also be, among other things, a panel on each of those thinkers in Newport, R.I., in April. Stay tuned for further details.

Why are we going to England and France in search of foreign aid? Scruton and Manent agree with Donald Trump that “a country is a country” or, to be more European, ”a nation is a nation.” But they’re classy, moderate, traditional, open to both science and religion, and deeply philosophical in explaining what that means. They show us how to avoid, in Scruton’s words, both xenophobia and oikophobia through a genuinely functional anthropology.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
167210,"As a purely legal question, free speech is in as good a position as it’s ever been, thanks in no small part to the work of those Republican presidents and senators our friends on talk radio are always complaining about, saying they’ve never accomplished anything.

As a more general matter . . .

President Donald Trump’s recent (most recent) testing of the censorship waters is disturbing in a by-now-familiar way, combining the hallmark elements of the president’s political style: ignorance, stupidity, pettiness, and malice.

The president proposed having the Federal Communication Commission review and possibly revoke the licenses of cable-news channels and network broadcasters whose news programming he deems unfair. The problems with that are several.

First, as one FCC commissioner took the time to explain, the FCC does not license networks or cable channels. NBC, CBS, ABC, Fox News, etc., do not have FCC licenses to review or revoke. The FCC licenses individual stations. President Trump might want to take the FCC’s standing advice on the matter and write a letter to the station manager or to the directors of the news divisions. Surely, they would enjoy that.

It is not entirely surprising that the president doesn’t quite know what the FCC is or what it does. He was elected to the highest office in the land without quite understanding how a bill becomes a law — alas, Schoolhouse Rock has failed us! — and without really quite knowing what it is a president does. God help us all if he ever gets interested in the Federal Reserve or the Department of Energy.

Bill Mitchell, the Trump sycophant whose comprehensive lack of self-respect makes Paul Begala look like Cincinnatus, went on to argue that print publications such as Vanity Fair and the Washington Post should have their licenses revoked, too.

There is no such thing as a newspaper license in the United States.

There is the First Amendment.

You’d think that Americans would love the First Amendment, which gives every ordinary yokel on Twitter the right to say the president is a fool and the police chief is incompetent and the chairman of the board might profitably be replaced by a not-especially-gifted chimpanzee. But it isn’t very popular at all: Gutting the First Amendment is one of the top priorities of the Democratic party, which seeks to revoke its protection of political speech — i.e., the thing it’s really there to protect — so that they can put restrictions on political activism, which restrictions they call “campaign-finance reform.” They abominate the Supreme Court’s solid First Amendment decision in Citizens United, a case that involved not “money in politics” but the basic free-speech question of whether political activists should be allowed to show a film critical of Hillary Rodham Clinton in the days before an election. (Making a film and distributing it costs money, you see, hence “money in politics.”) They lost that one, but every Democrat in Harry Reid’s Senate — every one of them — voted to repeal the First Amendment.

Right-wing populists, too, are an illiberal bunch, and they would be entirely happy — for the moment — to see the executive branch empowered to harass the editors of the New York Times or to silence lefty television talkers such as Rachel Maddow. They are repeating the progressives’ mistake: imagining what their guy could do with vast new antidemocratic powers while never bothering to consider that the other side’s guy is probably going to get in there one of these days and enjoy the same powers. I wonder whether the Obama administration would have decided that assassinating American citizens for the crime of being “the Osama bin Laden of Facebook” was really such a good idea if they had known that Donald Trump would be the next man to enjoy that illegitimate power.

Free speech is extraordinarily unpopular on college campuses, and California has just enacted a flatly unconstitutional law that would empower the government to put people in jail for failing to use the preferred pronoun of a transgender person. That law will not stand up to a Supreme Court challenge — you can thank Mitch McConnell for that — but the fact that Governor Jerry Brown was able to sign it without a massive political backlash speaks to how low the people of that misgoverned state have sunk. It is a shameful spectacle. Maybe Jello Biafra had it right in “California Über Alles” after all.

But neither Governor Brown of California nor Dean Balthazar of Bryn Mawr is president of these United States, and President Trump has a positive duty to stand up for the American constitutional order rather than acting like a witless caudillo from some sweaty backwater. His old buddy Tom Barrack told the Washington Post that he is dismayed with the president’s performance, and insisted: “He’s better than this.”

I very much doubt that he is. But if he is, let him prove it.

READ MORE:

Even If Trump’s Threat against NBC Isn’t Serious, It’s Still Destructive

Conservatives, Get Real and Denounce Trump’s Attacks on the Press

Trump’s Tweets Are Damaging the Republican Character

– Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
323385,"Stanley, while the Soviet Union boasted more than a few deadly atheists, I don’t think the broader argument that atheism “killed Russia” holds up. Communism was, of course, enormously destructive, but that’s a different topic.

Let’s start the best way, with a drink, specifically vodka. That Russia has a vodka problem is undeniable, but it has had so since at least the mid-19th Century. That’s when the Czarist authorities essentially took over the trade (it was a huge revenue raiser for Imperial Russia, just as it was for the Soviet Union). As for widespread drunkeness, a quick glance at contemporary 19th Century accounts will show that Holy Mother Russia was a binge drinker: that’s why the incoming Bolsheviks spent so much time on temperance education.

Then let’s look at atheism in the USSR. Certainly the state was atheist, often aggressively so, but that is not the same as saying that the people were. For obvious reasons, trustworthy numbers are difficult to come by, and they weren’t static over the whole period, but there’s a case for saying that there was no time that fewer than one-third of the Soviet population considered themselves to be religious. It’s also worth adding that for a considerable number of true believers Communism itself was effectively a ‘religious’ belief.

For what it’s worh the vast number (north of three quarters) of Russians today describe themselves as Russian Orthodox, although this is often just a cultural marker (much like the Church of England, perhaps).

Then we should examine the death toll “from vodka” today. The numbers are appalling and appear to be rising, but they must be seen in the context of a health and welfare system that has largely collapsed. The idea that Russians are drinking themselves to death is too much of an over-simplification, and, given the country’s history, the idea that they took to spirits to fill some imagined spiritual vacuum doesn’t really hold up. If you want a quick over-simplification, many Soviets drank because there was not much else to do. Jobs were undemanding and unrewarding, and alternative entertainment opportunities were hard to come by. Imagine being stuck in some Siberian Kolkhoz. What are you going to do? Stare out at the the snow? Slump in your hut? Drink yourself into oblivion? Polish your tractor? Those are bleak choices, but I think I know what I’d go for.

As for the idea that Europe is being “killed off” by its secularism, that does not wash at all. As Mark Steyn, for example, notes in his book (it’s easily the best of the three you allude to, incidentally), birth rates are falling dramatically across the whole planet for reasons associated with modernity, welfare statism etc. His key argument is that they are falling less rapidly in (some) Muslim states and communities than in many other parts of the world. What counts, he argues, is who is left standing at the end.

None of this is to deny that atheism came with costs. Name me a belief-system that doesn’t however.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
598214,"David Harsanyi August 15, 2016, Issue @davidharsanyi by

I should confess that it’s become increasingly hard for me to find topics that satisfy the objective of a column named “Happy Warrior.” “Angry Warrior,” perhaps. “Dejected Warrior,” maybe. “What-in-the-Holy-Hell-Do-You-People-Think-You’re-Doing? Warrior,” definitely. Keeping up good cheer? Well, the struggle is real.

And the Republican National Convention did nothing to lift my sagging spirits. Surely I can’t be alone. Mr. Trump’s acceptance speech, with its halting blasts of authoritarian rage aimed at an imaginary dystopia, sucked much of the light, joy, idealism, and intellectualism out of conservatism.

But, as one of the most popular Trumpian radio hosts likes to say, let not your heart be troubled! At least, not completely. So before I wash down this Zoloft with my last swig of vodka, let me point out that it’s an invigorating and freeing experience to be part of the principled counter-revolution. There can be real joy in it.

My working theory is that this newfound freedom among conservatives is what most enrages Republicans who accuse Never Trumpers of treachery. As the president of the Susan B. Anthony List unintentionally revealed last week, the anger directed at Ted Cruz’s “Vote Your Conscience” convention speech wasn’t merely about a lack of partisan unity. “Why is he the only one who gets to be pure?” she wondered aloud.

A good Republican is now someone who stands athwart history, yelling “Fall in line, you traitors. We did!”

She’s wrong, of course. You too can be pure. This can be Year Zero. This is creative destruction. It is punk rock. It is the ultimate do-it-yourself project. The chance to grow a movement from the ground up. Consider it a startup.

Hey, it’s going to be a blast huddling with the entire membership of the New Federalist party in the quiet car of the NYC-bound Acela for our inaugural convention in 2020. (Mollie Hemingway for president, y’all!) Unless, that is, Trump wins and we find ourselves brushing up on our conversational Russian at the Laura Ingraham Center for Quality Thought in gorgeous West Palm Beach, Fla. Either way, it’s a fight worth having.

Happy Warriorism will be unique moving forward. Because, let’s face it, this election cycle has seen our discourse — never what one might call salubrious to begin with — devolve into an ALL-CAPS Twitter tirade festooned with exclamation points.

I have to admit, it was perplexing to watch a self-styled visionary such as Newt Gingrich refer to Cruz’s non-endorsement of Trump — a speech filled with positive conservative idealism and principled constitutionalism — as “chilling” but describe the GOP nominee’s gloomy, regressive rhetoric as “Reaganesque.”

How can this be? After all, Donald Trump doesn’t even pretend to be conservative. There was almost nothing in his speech that was built on notions of limited government or individual freedom. The man mentioned the words “liberty” or “freedom” exactly once in a swirling 75-minute word salad — and only in the course of promising to make free trade less free. “I, and I alone,” a messianic Trump exclaimed, can save America from a regime of job-stealing globalism and rampant criminality that, in reality, not a single person in that auditorium actually lives under.

After listening to him and the parade of glum speakers featured at the convention — there was not a Happy Warrior in the entire lot — I decided to read through some transcripts of Ronald Reagan’s speeches. They are not all as cheery as admirers may romanticize, but most of them are full of rhetoric that champions community, freedom, and merit — making them significantly different from the aggrieved, victimized tone of today’s Republican party.

Yet the truth is that many thousands of Republicans stood and cheered for Trump. Millions more will enthusiastically vote for him. Many in the Republican-entertainment complex — once allies of the cause — helped make this possible by normalizing his autocratic language and corrupting their own stated values to comport with his. It is also true that a great many blue-collar Americans, and other traditional conservative constituencies, agree with Trump’s unsympathetic depiction of American life. They are angry. But one can acknowledge their anxieties without trying to exceed their fury.

The great social critic Robert Nisbet once defined conservatism as the “protection of the social order — family, neighborhood, local community, and region foremost — from the ravishments of the centralized political state.” If you agree even broadly with this definition, you probably understand that conservatism is, more often than not, on the defensive, pushing back against modernism and utopianism and socialism and authoritarianism and a whole bunch of other -isms and stupid ideas. It will rarely get the credit it deserves.

When William F. Buckley Jr. launched this magazine with its statement of defiance, for example, conservatism was in even worse shape than it is today. “We must bring down the thing called liberalism,” Buckley wrote a few years later, “which is powerful but decadent, and salvage a thing called conservatism, which is weak but viable.”

Buckley and Reagan — among others — injected a wit and intellectual dynamism into a fossilized party of genuine liberal-establishment types. Today’s conservative holdouts have a similar task. It is not to adopt Pollyannaish rhetoric or avoid hard criticisms of the corruption of our political system — neither of those men engaged in that sort of self-delusion. To the contrary. Nor does it mean aping the policies and rhetoric that were successful half a century ago. The idea that citizens are helpless without a strongman or the state to lift them is cheerless and depressing. The American ideal of liberty is still a joyous and idealistic one. We can’t give up on it.

– Mr. Harsanyi is a senior editor of The Federalist.

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43580,"I asked Jeanne’s swim coach, Terry Laughlin, who is the founder and guru of Total Immersion, the swimming technique that he invented, to comment on this shot of Vladimir Putin swimming.

This is what he said:

Definitely an attempt at butterfly. No style points here. Putin swims fly as most people do–influenced by the notion that it’s about raw power, rather than supple grace. Come to think of it, I wouldn’t bet against his choosing to be photographed swimming a “manly” butterfly as a demonstration of virility.

Like most people who have little understanding of the stroke, he’s diverting most of his energy into moving up and down, rather than forward, by lifting his head far higher than necessary to breathe.

His arms are tense and likewise clear the water far more than necessary.

We should always be mindful that any body part lifted above the surface weighs 10x more as a result of losing the ‘buoyancy benefit,’ than when it’s in the water. As you lift it higher, that energy cost soars as well.

He’d travel farther forward–and expend far less energy–on each stroke if he kept his head moving forward, while grazing the surface with his chin, as he breathes. And his arms would do a more effective job of transferring momentum forward if he recovered with a relaxed, wide, sweeping action–leading with the back of his hand rather than his thumbs, barely above the surface.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720394,"Mixed Kurdish Messages about the U.S.

By Michael Rubin — October 22, 2008

The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in Iraq has unveiled a statue of a fallen American soldier as thanks for the American contribution.

The KRG office in Washington, however, led by Qubad Talabany (Jalal Talabani’s son) has circulated an e-mail condemning the 900 lies that led to war in Iraq. Qubad has yet to issue a retraction or an apology or explain why he saw fit to issue such a statement.

The liberation of Iraq and Iraqi Kurdistan has very much been worth the sacrifice which so many have made; it would be better if the KRG’s representative in Washington did not mock it.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
599525,"We recently brought you the story of Ben Sasse, Mitch McConnell, the Senate Conservatives Fund, and the Nebraska Senate race. To quickly recap, Sasse has become the most significant collateral damage in McConnell’s war on SCF.

The two had a testy meeting in November and McConnell allies have been quietly work to dry up Sasse’s fundraising. Meanwhile, McConnell’s K Street network has begun donating to Sasse’s chief proponent in the GOP primary, Shane Osborn.

But Osborn, when asked twice on a radio interview in Nebraska whether he backed McConnell for Senate Republican leader, ducked the questions.

Asked whether McConnell is the “right guy to lead the Republican party,” Osborn said on “Drive Time Lincoln with Kevin Thomas” on Lincoln, Nebraska’s KLIN that he sympathizes with McConnell because he has a “tough job.”

“I think he has a tough choice. You know. When you’re in leadership you’re herding cats, so to speak. Right? You’re trying to make everybody happy, and I think so he’s got a tough job,” Osborn said.

Asked for comment from National Review Online, Osborn deflected the question a third time, saying he’s not focused on leadership races.

“First off, I commend the Republican Senate Caucus, especially Senators Johanns and Fischer, for standing together against the Ryan-Murray budget proposal. I think Senator McConnell and I are both more focused on winning our respective elections in 2014 than any future leadership races. My focus remains on Nebraska voters,” Osborn said.

There’s a bit of hypocrisy on the part of both Nebraskan candidates here. Osborn is relying on McConnell’s help behind the scenes but, seemingly afraid of being tagged as the establishment candidate, won’t publicly back him despite relaying privately that he will vote for McConnell.

Sasse, meanwhile, is running a campaign as an outsider despite having served in Washington, D.C., as an assistant secretary of the Health and Human Services during the George W. Bush administration.

Osborn’s comment is interesting as well because it goes out of its way to refer to the “Ryan-Murray” budget deal. Paul Ryan recently endorsed Sasse, giving him the imprimatur of a conservative icon — but just as said icon was cutting his first major bipartisan accord, angering the Right. Now Nebraska’s two Republican senators are opposed to the deal, giving Osborn a chance to mitigate the damage of Ryan’s Sasse endorsement.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
76363,"After voters in Iowa and New Hampshire began receiving calls that asked negative questions about candidate Mitt Romney and his Mormon faith, the controversial campaign tactic known as “push polling” has been in the news. As primary season heats up and the presidential race become increasingly competitive, here are some predictions for future push polls:

Did you know that Barack Obama’s middle name is Hitler? … Sorry that can’t be right … his middle name is Mussolini? … My apologies, I have the wrong call script in front of me … How would you feel if it was Idi Amin? … Dang it, let me put my glasses on … Yes, here we go, did you know his middle name is Hussein, Barack Hussein Obama?

Are you more or less likely to support Mitt Romney if you knew that, due to a patriarchal blessing he received in the Mormon Church, he believes his immaculate coiffure is divinely impervious to pigeon droppings?

Hello, is your refrigerator running… for office? Because if so, it has a better chance of being elected than Bill Richardson.

Are you aware that former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has stated that the use of Braille on elevators and automated teller machines offends him?

Are you aware that as the only Leprechaun-American in the race, Dennis Kucinich plans to solve the U.S.’s record-level current account deficit by contributions from his pot o’ gold?

In August of 2002, Rudy Giuliani was lured to a retreat in the Catskills where 17 of his family, friends and trusted advisers staged an intervention. After years of polite suggestion, they finally convinced him after to abandon his comb-over. What does this episode tell you about his autocratic leadership style?

Did you know that among Senator John Edwards’s many awards and accolades, he formerly held the title of Miss Buncombe County 1971?

Shortly after she announced her candidacy on January 20, Hillary Clinton trained with a renowned speech therapist to approximate the human expression known as laughter. Further, she underwent an experimental cosmetic-surgery procedure implanting baboon ligaments attached to electrodes in her cheeks, so that a computer algorithm derived from focus-group results determines how often and how wide she smiles. Now given what you know about her, on a scale of one to ten, how genuine would you rate Senator Clinton?

Would you vote for Joe Biden if he were running for president of the Hair Club for Men?

Ron Paul claims to have read Atlas Shrugged seven times, yet Texas library records indicate he’s only checked the book out twice. Do you feel you can trust Ron Paul?

N.B.: These are jokes people — none of questions above contain any truth. Except for the part about Hillary Clinton having to be trained to laugh.

Okay, that’s not real either, but you wanted to believe it, didn’t you?

— Mark Hemingway is an NRO staff reporter.



",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
558730,"First Readthrough of the Virginia Health-Care Decision

By Carrie Severino — December 13, 2010

Judge Hudson’s decision regarding the constitutionality of Obamacare’s individual mandate marks the first of the major Obamacare lawsuits to reach summary judgment. A few thoughts based on my initial reading of the opinion:

1. The court recognized the activity/inactivity distinction as crucial in determining whether the Commerce Clause gave Congress authority to pass the health-care law. This distinction is key to any challenge of the individual mandate. The court observed that including decisions not to engage in activity in regulation based merely on a future likelihood that the individual will later engage in the activity could allow government regulation in any arena, from transportation and housing to nutrition. “This broad definition of the activity subject to congressional regulation lacks logical limitation and is unsupported by Commerce Clause jurisprudence” because all powers that have been upheld under the Commerce Clause “are triggered by some type of self-initiated action.”

2. The court noted that, rather than arguing that the individual mandate had an “independent freestanding constitutional basis,” the government was focused on it as necessary to its other health-insurance-market reforms. This sounds like a Necessary and Proper Clause argument, but Judge Hudson treats it as a Commerce Clause argument, which conflates the two analyses (perhaps as a result of the briefs having done so — I have not yet read them all). Hudson later states that the Necessary and Proper Clause cannot apply in this case if there is no Commerce Clause authority. On the contrary, I believe it is only relevant if there is no independent (i.e. Commerce Clause) basis for the mandate.

Hudson’s error seems to stem from his statement that only constitutional means are permitted under the Necessary and Proper Clause. This could indicate, as seems most logical, that only means that don’t violate constitutional prohibitions are possible. But Hudson interprets it to allow only means that have independent constitutional authority. If that were so, the Necessary and Proper Clause would be meaningless and give Congress no power it did not already possess.

In fact, there are good reasons the Necessary and Proper Clause doesn’t apply here (shameless plug: check out JCN’s amicus brief on behalf of Rep. Boehner in the Florida litigation that covers that Clause), and it’s a shame this decision misses a chance to discuss them.

3. Judge Hudson joined Florida District Judge Vinson in holding that the health-care law is not a tax, based both on the wording of the statute itself (which uses the term “penalty,” not “tax”) and congressional statements during passage relying on Commerce Clause power and denying that the bill was a tax. He characterized the reason for the shift as opportunistic: “The use of the term ‘tax’ appears to be a tactic to achieve enlarged regulatory license.” Congress can’t avoid public scrutiny by claiming it is not passing a tax, and then change its position after the fact to gain broader constitutional authority.

4. The court did not reach the issue of whether the individual mandate conflicted with the Virginia Health Care Freedom Act. This avoids a serious standing issue that would have complicated the case and eliminates one major distinction between this case and other lawsuits being filed around the country. When the case reaches the Supreme Court, as it surely will eventually, this makes it even more likely that the Court would consolidate it with the Florida case in which 20 other states are challenging the law.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
698013,"The world’s second-oldest profession

By Chris Horner — June 5, 2007

Duke Energy is a leading rent-seeker in the global warming debate, actually coming out in favor of a carbon tax. Owning significant nuclear assets as Duke does, one can see the logic behind seeking this competitive advantage, which might also be obtained in the form of goodies handed to them straight from the state under a cap-and-trade scheme as well, so long as nuclear operators were allocated credits for their production as if they burned coal, gas or more likely some mix (as they at least implicitly acknowledge, see below). They then sell these freebies on the market and, if they feel very continental about it (and don’t operate in regulated markets), do what the EU windfall-profit-reaping utilities do and tack on the price to the customers’ bills to the extent they use them instead by burning hydrocarbons (as will the companies to whom they sell the credits) because, after all, these things had value and if I use them up, well, then it’s only fair. But, what with the green lobby opposed to such gifts, the safer bet is in their push for the more straightforward carbon tax. I suspect their hand-wringing over global warming might ebb should the proposal be an energy tax, instead. But I’m a cynic.

Anyway, I’m a shareholder, and reading through their annual report, “Changing minds. Changing habits” (ugh), I see the following:

“There is growing consensus that some form of regulation will be forthcoming at the federal level with respect to greenhouse gas emissions (including CO2) and such regulation could result in the creation of substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emission allowances.”

Oh, do tell. But, please, don’t tell me these allowances, which no lawmaker has the courage to announce would be sold or auctioned off vs. given away, will be a cost for Duke. Duke’s customers, sure. There’s a lot more material there. Difficult to know where to start otherwise.

Notice however it cites the potentially costly federal program they see as imminent. And, as we shall see, are seeking. Elsewhere they note that “[s]everal Northeastern states and California are in the process of developing their own mandatory greenhouse gas emission reduction programs; none of which will impact Duke Energy’s operations.” The implication in this context would seem to be “this won’t cost us”. What they are saying, however, is that “we aren’t in a position to profit from these”.



Sorry. That’s the deal. As we shall see.

Then comes:

“Duke energy supports the enactment of US federal legislation…[that]…preferably would be in the form of a federal-level carbon tax or cap-and-trade. Duke Energy, believing that it is in the best interests of its investors and customers to do so, is actively participating in the evolution of federal policy on this important issue.”

So, distilled:

Some states are doing a certain thing, which won’t cost us but also from which we will make no money.

We would like the whole country to do it.

It could result in the creation of substantial additional costs.

This is in the best interests of our shareholders. And customers.

So we are trying to design it.

My first reaction from this distillation is that nowhere do they mention what’s in it for them. Even in the annual report, explaining that this could be quite costly…though they do nod to the fact that they are lobbying for increased costs to customers from which one can extrapolate that they are looking to turn a buck off of…er, doing the right thing.

Now, of course, one way to look at this is that a corporation has taken it upon itself the obligation of creating a better world through lobbying for changes in the tax policy. This is a modern version of what we call “corporate social responsibility”, not just creating jobs and wealth, not even just larding out earnings to pressure groups and pet projects. But seeking to engineer society through policy. What’s good for GM is good for America and all that.

However it is also inescapable that they see how this begs for additional costs to be imposed on their customers. And, after all, neither Duke nor the other rent seekers are going to pick up the tab for their desired world. But you’ll thank them later.

And so I repeat: each and every rent-seeker should be publicly polled, by lawmakers I should hope, as to their interest in federal “global warming” legislation that isn’t in the form that they have positioned themselves to benefit from. Let’s say, the Btu tax that Al Gore and his pals behind the current energy rationing movement initially sought. If there is resistance, then I am sorry to report that the tears for their climate fears are of the crocodile variety. This is simple execution of the world’s second-oldest business plan: make money off of governmental policy favors.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
388535,"Greenville, S.C. — Governor Scott Walker’s appearance at the South Carolina Freedom Summit wasn’t quite a series of standing ovations interrupted by his speech, but it was close.

“Freedom! Freedom! Freedom!” an an attendee shouted over the applause as the Wisconsin governor walked on stage. Walker pointed at the man and repeated the word as he began his speech in praise of the military.

It was a fitting opening for Walker, who rooted his policy statements in his middle-class background and alluded to his family throughout the speech — as if he planned to convince votes that he is the “candidate who cares about people like me,” to quote the 2012 exit poll survey.

More Coverage of the South Carolina Freedom Summit

Walker stayed positive throughout his speech, but took a thinly-veiled shot at former Governor Jeb Bush (R., Fla.) after talking about “flipping hamburgers” and growing up the son of a pastor and a part-time secretary.

“From our family, we didn’t inherit fame or fortune, what we inherited was the belief that if you work hard and you play by the rules you can do and be anything you want,” he said.

Such statements helped Walker leap into contention at the Iowa Freedom Summit in January, only to stumble while discussing foreign policy questions. In South Carolina, he offered a subtle corrective, noting that he is headed to Israel later today and assuring the audience — which was full of military service-members and their families — that he cares about national security as much as anyone.

Walker said he prefers to use the term “safety,” rather than national security.

“National security is something you read about in the newspaper; safety is something you feel,” he said. “It’s something that — even though as a governor I don’t deal with it day in and day out — it has increasingly become one of the most important things for me to focus in on, because when I think about safety, I think about my own children and I think about yours as well.”

More Scott Walker Scott Walker’s Conservative Judges Are a Model for the Nation Scott Walker on the Tricky Task of Replacing Obamacare's Medicaid Expansion The New York Times’ Fact-Free Smear Job on Scott Walker

“And it dawned on me – these were ordinary people,” Walker said. “What has made America amazing is that [in times of crisis] there have been men and women of courage who have been willing to think more about the future of their children and their grandchildren than they thought about their own futures.”

He continued: “This is the time when we can look back and tell future generations [that] we were there, we heeded the call, we did what was required to make America great again.”

Walker exited to another enthusiastic standing ovation, suggesting that he is still riding the wave that carried him into the top tier of the Republican presidential hopefuls.

More Coverage of the South Carolina Freedom Summit",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
537000,"The ‘Anti-Establishment’ Candidate Boasts about His History of Bribing Politicians

By Andrew C. McCarthy — January 25, 2016

I’m not sure what is worse: Donald Trump bragging about paying off politicians, or the cheering by Republican-debate audiences when Donald Trump brags about paying off politicians. See, when I worked for the Justice Department, we didn’t just indict the slimy pols — from both parties — on the receiving end. We also indicted the deep-pocketed cronies who greased their palms, expecting top-shelf service in return.

Even if you’re not the queasy type, how nauseating to watch a crowd of people, many of whom would tell you they’re strong law-and-order conservatives, giddily applauding as a guy confesses that he’s the corrupter who makes the corruption work.

“I was a businessman,” Trump smarmed at a debate earlier this year. He was being pressed about the piles of dough he has deposited in Democratic coffers through the years — for his pals the Clintons (including the Clinton Ca-ching Foundation), Schumer, Reid, Pelosi, Cuomo, Rahm, and the rest of the gang.

“I give to everybody. When they call, I give.” Yup, although more to the progressives, to implement the very policies he now complains are destroying the country.

And why? Trump’s allocution continued:

“You know what? When I need something from them, two years later, three years later, I call them, and they are there for me. . . . And that’s a broken system.”

Well, yeah, when you spend years breaking something, it tends to get broken.

EDITORIAL: Against Trump

Diagnosing the break might be thought the occasion for an apology, not a curtain call. But Trump gets the curtain call. And being Trump, he knows he’s on a roll and doubles down.

Rival Rand Paul needled, “You’ve donated to several Democratic candidates. You explained away those donations saying you did that to get business-related affairs. And you said recently, quote, ‘When you give, they do whatever the hell you want them to do.’”

This is the point where the guy suspected of bribery, if he can afford a lawyer (or a million lawyers!), takes the Fifth . . . or at least whines, “You’re taking my words out of context!”

Not The Donald. He grins and squeals, “You better believe it.”

And the crowd eats it up. Just as they did in Iowa recently when he brayed, “I’ve got to give to them, because when I want something, I get it. When I call, they kiss my ass.”

Have you read the corruption indictment the Justice Department filed against Senator Robert Menendez (D., N.J.)? If you had, the first thing you might have noticed is that he’s not the only defendant charged. The senator has a co-defendant, Solomon Melgen, a.k.a. the guy who was paying off the pol.

Prosecutors allege that they conspired to exchange things of value: Melgen would give lots of money and lavish favors; Menendez, in return, agreed to “be influenced in the performance of official acts.” Translation: To convict Melgen, the government must prove that he gave with the corrupt understanding that, when he called, Menendez would dutifully kiss his ass.

Melgen is facing trial on about 20 felony counts. Trump is running for president. Go figure.

Don’t get me wrong. I’m not calling for Trump to be indicted. Menendez’s indictment may be better explained by his opposition to Obama on the Iran deal than by his sleazy dealings with Melgen. And for all I know, the senator and his patron will beat the rap. Bribery cases are notoriously hard to prove — precisely because the laws are written by the officials who, when not standing before the likes of Melgen and Trump with their hands out, are crouched behind in smooch position. The ruling donee class has made it very hard to make out the line where piggy politics as usual turns into actionable quid pro quo.

You know, “the system is broken.”

No, my point is that Trump is a crony-capitalist pillar of the “broken system,” and his thumb has mainly been on the Democrats’ side of the scale. If he were to run against Hillary, it would be reasonable to ask which of them had contributed more to Hillary and her “progressive” causes. I couldn’t care less whether he’s indictable. I’m trying to understand how the consummate pro-Democrat insider gets to be electable — as a Republican, and in an election that’s supposed to be all about the outsiders.

How does the living, breathing instantiation of everything conservatives say they hate about big-government, special-interest insider dealing get to run as the scourge of Washington’s “broken system”?

(Disclosure: I support Ted Cruz for the Republican presidential nomination.)

— Andrew C. McCarthy is as senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
718492,"Liberating Islam

A concerned Muslim tries to do his part.

By NR Interview — July 26, 2011

‘Without freedom, there is no chance for genuine religiosity,” Mustafa Akyol insists. A Turkish journalist, Akyol is trying to make a case for a more classically liberal Islam.

He doesn’t mean a diluted Islam. He sees his argument for liberty in the Koran itself.

Almost ten years after the Islamist extremist attack on the United States, Akyol is optimistic that Islam can find that voice — that the voices of extremism can be overpowered by democratic leaders.

A practicing Muslim, he is the author of a new book, Islam without Extremes: A Muslim Case for Liberty. He talks about the case, as he sees it, with National Review Online’s Kathryn Jean Lopez.



KATHRYN JEAN LOPEZ: Is it a dangerous thing to write a book such as Islam without Extremes — with a chapter in it called “Freedom from Islam”?



MUSTAFA AKYOL: If I were living in Saudi Arabia or Pakistan, probably yes. But I don’t think that I am putting myself in danger in Turkey. (If I am wrong about that, well, we will all see.) Even here in Turkey, though, I know that the title “Freedom from Islam” might sound provocative to some ears, but I also expect many of the same ears to accept what it implies: that neither apostasy from Islam nor blasphemy against it should justify a violent response.





LOPEZ: You ask, “Could authoritarian Muslims be just authoritarians who happen to be Muslim?” But isn’t it a huge obstacle that they have as much Islamic material to work with?

AKYOL: Sure, there is a lot of material in the classical Sharia that Muslim authoritarians of today can refer to — as they do. But I am showing that those materials were also products of authoritarians who happened to be Muslim a millennium ago. One of my basic arguments is that most authoritarian elements within the Sharia come from post-Koranic (i.e., “man-made”) parts of Islam. I also show that the more liberal strains within this “man-made” tradition were suppressed by the more rigid camp, which we face in the modern world, in its purest form, as Wahhabism.





LOPEZ: You’re not an Islamic scholar. Why should a Muslim believe your interpretations and insights? Why should an infidel or anyone?

AKYOL: Well, I am not an Islamic scholar, I don’t claim to be one, and I don’t need to be one. For I am not issuing fatwas (religious opinions) here. Much of what I do is to show how Islamic thought evolved over time and how things could have been different. As for my argumentative chapters — “Freedom from the State,” “Freedom to Sin,” and “Freedom from Islam” — most of the ideas I express there are already advanced by various theologians, such as the modernist “Ankara school” in Turkey. What I did was to take those ideas from dry academic papers and make them more accessible — and, I hope, convincing for a broader audience.





LOPEZ: Doesn’t that hit an overwhelming obstacle though? There is no authoritative reading. There is no one leader who can be a voice of reason.

AKYOL: You are right, and no one can do anything about it. Islam, especially Sunni Islam, has never had any pope or anything like a church hierarchy. In that sense, it is more “Protestant” than “Catholic.” In other words, any charismatic imam who claims to get the scripture right can create his own following. That’s why the only way forward is convincing more and more individual Muslims of the more tolerant and flexible interpretations of Islam. That’s why, as a concerned Muslim, I tried to do my part.





LOPEZ: Honor killings and female-genital mutilation: Even if in your reading the Koran doesn’t prescribe them, does it matter when this seems to be a growing or widespread — or at least not uncommon — problem among Muslims?

AKYOL: When you show believers that what they consider God’s commandment is just the tradition of men, you have a better chance of convincing them to abandon the terrible elements in those traditions. (Jesus, too, criticized the Pharisees for holding fast to “the tradition of men,” while leaving “the commandment of God.”) Horrors such as honor killings and female-genital mutilation are such terrible traditions, which come from patriarchal taboos, not Islam. (Female-genital mutilation has no place in the Koran. As for honor, the Koran also considers adultery a grave sin, but finds the male and the female equally guilty, and yet I have never seen a boy or a man falling victim to an “honor killing.”)



LOPEZ: Is this book a call for a Muslim reformation?

AKYOL: Well, if that is a reformation with a capital R, as in Christianity, no. For, as I have said, we don’t have a central religious authority in Islam that we can reform. But I certainly argue for renewing our understanding of Islam, rather than preserving it as it was interpreted 1,000 years ago. The medieval division of the world into “House of War” and “House of Islam,” for example, is totally irrelevant today, for many Muslims feel much safer in lands that are ruled by non-Muslims.





LOPEZ: Does the Egyptian on the street rioting this spring really have democracy in mind? Much of the media coverage here suggested as much, which stuck me as both naïve and unrealistic.

AKYOL: Well, how refined people’s conceptions of democracy are can always be questioned. But, ultimately, the masses of the Arab Spring were peacefully rebelling against corrupt dictators to have a more responsible and rewarding political system. They asked for not alternative dictators, or a theocratic oligarchy, but free and fair elections in the shortest time possible. I would not shy away from calling that demand “democratic.”





LOPEZ: Should Muslims and non-Muslims be able to work together on the issue of religious freedom? We are facing some serious threats to individual conscience rights of religious people here in the U.S. Could there be a real coalition?

AKYOL: Of course. Actually, many pious Muslims will be positively surprised to learn that there are Westerners who really care about religion and want to cooperate for the rights of all religious believers. For historical and geographic reasons, most Muslims know the West only from Europe, which is, as you know, thoroughly secular. That is, in fact, one of the reasons that many pious Muslims reject any reform in their tradition. Once a prominent Islamic intellectual in Turkey told me, “We don’t want to begin with concessions, in order to end up like those godless people in Amsterdam.” He probably would find more common ground with people from America’s Bible Belt.





LOPEZ: You have an @AkyolinEnglish Twitter handle. After reading you in English, would I be surprised by what you say in Turkish? That has been a problem — something MEMRI and others have called many Muslim leaders on. Yasser Arafat was an infamous example.

AKYOL: Oh, I have two Twitter accounts just to make life easier for those who follow me. (If you were to follow my Turkish account, @AkyolMustafa, you would get lots of gibberish, at least from your non-Turkish perspective.) But, no, I am not doing the doublespeak thing. I actually press more in my Turkish writings against anti-Western biases, and more against anti-Islamic biases when I write in English. I guess I like to confront my audiences a bit, rather than telling them what they want to hear.





LOPEZ: You don’t appear to have a problem with Sharia courts in England. This isn’t a matter of religious intolerance but justice and practicality: How can a country with dual legal systems possibly work?

AKYOL: I look at that as I look at the Halakha of Orthodox Jews. The British “Sharia courts” actually evolved from the same arbitration courts that Orthodox Jews also have used for decades. And their scope is limited to issues such as settling financial and family disputes. If they violated any basic human right, such as ordering a corporal punishment, I would certainly oppose them. But there is no harm, I believe, in allowing conservative communities to settle some of their disputes according to their traditions, as far as they remain under the umbrella of the law of the land. This is not a dual legal system, which had its merits in the pre-modern times, but a sub-level system under a single national law.





LOPEZ: I did a double-take when I saw you compare modern-day Muslims to earlier Jews, for some very obvious reasons. I presume you were being intentionally controversial there?

AKYOL: Controversial and, I hope, thought-provoking. For I believe that many Westerners make the mistake of perceiving Islam as a totally alien faith, whose internal dynamics are unlike anything that they know. But, in fact, Islam has many parallels with Christianity and Judaism — and especially Judaism. By arguing that the Muslims of today are facing the same trauma that the Jews went through during the time of Christ, I wanted to help Americans have a better insight about a story that they always see from the outside.





LOPEZ: The issue of Israel is one that seems to be an irresolvable one in the Middle East. As a Muslim, do you believe there is a realistic peace plan?

AKYOL: Sure. It is commonly known as the two-state solution. And, on both sides, there are people who would settle with that solution, along with people who have more maximalist goals. On both sides, I support the minimalists.

Here, let me also add that I don’t see the Palestinian–Israeli conflict as a religious one: It is a land dispute between two nations. Yes, Jerusalem is sacred for Muslims, as it is to Jews and Christians, but, as a Muslim, I am not horrified to see it under the Israeli flag as long as the Dome of Rock is open to Muslim worship — as it is now. I value Palestinians’ claim to East Jerusalem as well, but out of a respect for their national aspirations, not any theological necessity.





LOPEZ: You’re a fan of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, but he’s moved the country a little more Islamist than some would like, hasn’t he?

AKYOL: Well, I would not define myself as a “fan” of Erdoğan, though I value the political change that Turkey has gone through under his party, the AKP. I also see the AKP as the most important experiment of democracy within the Muslim cultural sphere. (The Turkey before AKP, which was kept hyper-secular by a bunch of sinister generals, did nothing but give a bad name among Muslims to the secular state.)

Meanwhile, though I disagree with Michael Rubin and his very pessimistic outlook on Turkey, I do see problems in Erdoğan’s style, such as his confrontational tone and intolerance of criticism. But these are issues with his personality, and problems with Turkish political leaders in general. (As I once said, “AKP is not too Islamic, it is too Turkish.”) Personally speaking, my ideal Turkish leader is President Abdullah Gül, whose worldview is similar to Erdoğan’s, but whose tone is much more conciliatory, modest, and nuanced.





LOPEZ: What was your lesson from seeing your father in jail for writing? It might have made some young boys look for a different career.

AKYOL: I think it showed the eight-year-old me that there are tyrants in the world, and they can hurt your beloved ones for no reason. It also taught me, as I figured later, that secularism is no guarantee for freedom or democracy. (It was the all-secular Turkish military, after all, which imprisoned hundreds of thousands of Turks and tortured many of them.)

Here is another point: In the past decade, Americans have repeatedly heard the stories of ex-Muslims such as Ayaan Hirsi Ali, explaining how they, in their childhood, were oppressed by some ruthless cleric in a radical madrassa. My story reminds them that Muslim kids can be oppressed by some ruthless officer in a secular garrison as well. When people see both of these stories, perhaps, they might feel that the problem with tyranny is not a direct problem with Islam.



LOPEZ: Does it worry you that there is as much court action by the Turkish government against journalists as there is?

AKYOL: Yes, it does worry me. But I was more worried in the ’90s, when death squads, on the orders of Turkey’s overbearing generals, were assassinating journalists. What I mean is that press freedom has always been attacked in Turkey, and things are actually better now than they were before. This should not minimize today’s problems, but it should put them in context. The basic trouble is that we have illiberal laws about “insulting state officials” or “spreading terrorist propaganda,” and courts are often aggressive in executing them.

Moreover, the recent impression that whoever criticizes the AKP goes into jail is simply not true. A few journalists are in custody (wrongly in my view) for allegedly taking part in coup schemes, whereas most others are accused for pro-PKK propaganda, or membership in Marxist-Leninist terror groups.





LOPEZ: The murder last year of Catholic bishop Luigi Padovese doesn’t suggest everything is as peachy for Christians in Turkey as you paint it, does it?

AKYOL: No, it is not peachy at all. Not just Bishop Padovese, but also Fr. Andrea Santoro and three Protestant missionaries were brutally killed in Turkey in the past decade. But please note that these murders were committed by ultra-nationalists, not Islamists. (In Turkey, the Islamist movement has been largely peaceful, whereas violence has been a hallmark of Kurdish separatists, Turkish fascists, and the Communists.) It might be worthwhile to note that some of the people suspected of arranging the killing of the three missionaries in eastern Turkey were also the same people who are on trial for conspiring a military coup against the AKP.





LOPEZ: You write, “An effective way for Westerners to render Islamism and jihadism ineffective would be to convince the world’s Muslims that Islam as a religion is not under attack. An additional reassuring message would be that Muslims are also not targets of enmity, insult, or discrimination in the West — and that their mosques, minarets, and veils are not banned.” In a perfect world, there will be no enmity or insult, but we live here. So if we’re not extra nice to Muslims a bomb will explode — figuratively or literally?

AKYOL: Well, if you ask me, “Mustafa, what can we do to help calm down extremism among your co-religionists,” I will give you the suggestion that you just quoted. But this does not mean that those Muslims would be justified to attack you, no matter how unkind you might sound to them. That’s why, in my book, I say that in an ideal world, everybody would respect each others’ sacred values, but the world is not ideal, and Muslims will face offensive words or cartoons, yet they should still be calm and peaceful, as the Koran tells them.





LOPEZ: “Unless expressed as hostility to Islam, what offends conservative Muslims is really not the West’s Christianness. Rather, it is the lack of it.” Do you ever wonder if you’re being overly optimistic?

AKYOL: I see myself as mildly optimistic on some issues, but here I think I am just a neutral observer. I am living in a Muslim society, and the most common anti-Western comment I hear from the Islamic pious is the modern West’s materialism, godlessness, or its moral decay such as the disintegration of family. In that sense, the moral-minded pious Muslims seem to share some of the cultural concerns of the conservatives in America.





LOPEZ: Why do you believe — along with Michael Novak — that we will see a much freer and more democratic Muslim Middle East by the year 2020? How can that come about?

AKYOL: First, I believe that Islamism, and its violent offshoot, jihadism, had their peak, and are now on the decline in the Middle East. (Perhaps not in Pakistan, which is a curious case, where Islamism and Muslim nationalism have merged into a radical synthesis.) Moreover, the Arab Spring has taken the democratic genie out of the bottle. The prospects for democracy in Egypt are especially crucial, for this is a very definitive country for the Arabs. And then there is the New Turkey, which will keep on inspiring moderation among the Islamists, and even convince them to become legitimate actors in the international system.





LOPEZ: Groups such as CAIR here don’t help Muslims. And they don’t help others who want to be open and supportive of truly freedom-loving Muslims. How can those who love freedom better work together?

AKYOL: Well, I don’t feel informed enough to agree or disagree with you on CAIR. But I know that it is getting a bit hard to be a Muslim in the West these days, for you always feel under the spotlight. Perhaps some irritated responses from Western Muslims against criticisms of their religion and community result partly from that psychology. But the same Muslims should keep in mind that they will do a much better job in defending and representing Islam if they use honest, modest, and courteous language.





LOPEZ: Would you encourage full transparency in the building of mosques? Would you be supportive of communities asking questions — such as, who is funding this? — before permits are issued? A board member who supports Hamas, for example, would understandably be an issue.

AKYOL: I would care more about the content of the preaching in a mosque, than about its financial resources. As for supporting Hamas, well, I condemn the terrorist actions of that organization, but I see that it is also a political party with hospitals and charities. (Had they been more strategic about it, they might have made the IRA/Sinn Fein division that the Irish nationalists did.) So, any support for terrorist acts is of course intolerable, but holding someone responsible for donating to, say, a Hamas-related hospital or kindergarten, and opposing a mosque for simply getting money from that same donor, might be too much.

In Turkey, we have similar questions regarding the PKK, the Kurdish terrorist group. My take is to condemn the violent acts of the PKK, but also to understand that it has a political wing and many social networks, which I don’t oppose. I actually think that tolerating the peaceful side of a quasi-militant movement might be a better strategy for its moderation, rather than blocking it by all means.





LOPEZ: What’s your main goal in the book and your main audience?

AKYOL: My main goal is to show that an Islamically justified liberalism is possible, and to advocate it in a convincing and inspiring fashion. (I use liberalism in the classical sense; not the secular-lefty sense that it surprisingly acquired in the U.S.) My target audience is both Muslims who are concerned about the state of their faith, and Westerners who are trying to make a sense of what Islam is and how it can change.





LOPEZ: What do you consider your most important point?

AKYOL: Without freedom, there is no chance for genuine religiosity. If the “religious police” are forcing you to frequent the mosque, then they are depriving you of the chance to visit the same mosque out of your own genuine will to worship God. You should be a Muslim not because of the dictates of the state or the community, in other words, but because of the dictates of your own heart and mind. And if you decide not to be a Muslim, or to be a Muslim who sins, it is only God who can hold you responsible — and He will do that only in the afterlife.



LOPEZ: What would you say to the reader who has disagreed with you on some things we’ve discussed here?



AKYOL: Well, first of all, I would respect all of her (or his) disagreements and suspicions. But I would also urge the same reader to take a look at my book. I think it is fairly reasonable, and it really is not a boring read!



— Kathryn Jean Lopez is editor-at-large of National Review Online.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
329741,"On Sunday, addressing a crowd of supporters in King of Prussia, Pa., Republican senator Pat Toomey announced that he will seek a second term.

In a speech decrying the “wasteful spending,” “crony capitalism,” and “disastrous foreign policy” of the Obama administration, Toomey outlined his vision for a nation governed by fiscal discipline and bipartisan agreement. He touted the successes of his first term — such as the passage of the JOBS Act he co-sponsored with Democratic senator Tom Carper, which lifts shareholder limits on private businesses looking to expand — to highlight his commitment to legislative action over empty rhetoric.

“Think about what our country has been through in the last 6 or 7 years. President Obama . . . in the early days had big democratic majorities. They were able to do everything they wanted to do, and they did,” Toomey said. “Folks, it doesn’t have to be this way. We should never accept as the new normal a second-rate economy.”

Toomey’s race represents one of the marquee congressional battles for Republicans as they attempt to hold on to the Senate in 2016. Electoral behavior in a blue-leaning battleground state like Pennsylvania — where Democrats are likely to enjoy a turnout advantage in a presidential-election year — will prove one of the biggest obstacles to Toomey’s keeping his seat.

Nevertheless, his team remains confident.

“Regardless of the year, this is Pennsylvania, and the race will be a very competitive race,” says Toomey’s press secretary, Steve Kelly. “But Senator Toomey is prepared for it. He will run strong, and we’re confident that he will win.”

In his speech, Toomey underscored Pennsylvania’s need for leaders who can be principled and pragmatic in equal measure. He noted that it’s hard to “get things done” in Washington because of an unwillingness to reach across the aisle. “It’s a challenging environment for all of us,” he said. “I’ve learned that it’s possible to get things done if you’re willing to stick to your principles, but look for common ground at the same time.”

Toomey’s race represents one of the marquee congressional battles for Republicans as they attempt to hold on to the Senate in 2016.

Toomey’s bipartisan efforts — which, in addition to the JOBS Act, include working with his Democratic colleague in the Pennsylvania delegation, Senator Bob Casey, to confirm 15 judges to the Pennsylvania federal bench (more than in any other state except California and New York) — help tell that story. They are also a way for him to draw a telling contrast with his likely opponent, Joe Sestak, a former Democratic representative who narrowly lost to Toomey in the 2010 Senate race. Sestak, who currently faces Katie McGinty and Braddock mayor John Fetterman in the Democratic primary, is often criticized as inhabiting the fringes of the Left, having said that Obama’s $$787 billion stimulus package and his Affordable Care Act didn’t go “far enough.”

“Sestak has a record that’s very assailable,” says a top GOP strategist. “It sets up a good contrast with Toomey, who is clearly a conservative but not on the fringes of his party. His strategy will be to remind Pennsylvanians that he’s not a flamethrower. . . . He’s an intelligent, measured, and thoughtful leader.”

Toomey, who spent $$13 million in his 2010 campaign, is on pace to spend “even more” on the 2016 election, according to the strategist. “He’s already got over $$8 million in the bank. He knows that this race will be tough, and now that he’s running on a record, we’ll probably see more donors flocking to him,” he says.

Toomey is no stranger to tough races. He lost the Republican Senate primary to longtime incumbent Arlen Specter in 2004, only to challenge him once more in 2010. As a former president of the Club for Growth — a limited government and anti-tax organization — who was credited by Dick Armey with helping to launch the Tea Party movement, Toomey succeeded in persuading voters that Specter lacked the conservative record to be the Republican nominee. When polls showed Toomey leading Specter in the primary, Specter defected to the Democratic party, where he was defeated by Sestak. Toomey would go on the defeat Sestak in the general election by just two percentage points.

Get Free Exclusive NR Content

Strategists for the campaign say that Toomey will make job creation and limited spending the cornerstones of his campaign, as he did in 2010.

“He’s running on the same principles he did last time,” says one general consultant. “He’s concerned first and foremost on how to continue getting wins for the hardworking families of Pennsylvania.”

A Quinnipiac University poll released in June shows Toomey defeating Sestak in a projected matchup, 47 percent to 36 percent.

— Elaina Plott is a William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism at the National Review Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
557299,"Amos Elon was one of the most prominent Israeli writers. He’s just died at the age of 82. By coincidence, we were both born in Vienna, where his father was a businessman, and my father had gone as a concert pianist. There was a sense that we were two of a kind, who should have been arguing in a café late into the night, except that the Nazis and the Communists had stolen the life we might have led as though characters in a novel by Arthur Schnitzler or Joseph Roth. Amos’s last and finest book, The Pity of It All, is about the tragic interaction of Germans and the Jews in their midst, and it is filled with a kind of historic regret that mass-murder was the end of it.

So — some vignettes. I was a correspondent in the Six Day War in 1967. I called on Amos in Tel Aviv. Exhausted, he just wanted to sleep. He’d been in the Sinai, a junior officer in a jeep with General Avram Joffe, a large and rumbustious figure who’d been surveying the battlefield through field-glasses. When the Egyptians began firing at them, Amos told how he had taken cover by lying on the floor, but General Joffe remained upright, and Amos heard him say, “God, war is so boring!” The Duke of Wellington at Waterloo couldn’t have bettered it.

Then at the time of the first Gulf War, with Saddam Hussein threatening to burn half of Israel, Amos appeared on Austrian television. Walking to his hotel in Vienna after the program, he passed a bookshop with a lighted window containing a mass of Middle East material. Standing there, a little old man said to Amos that he hoped Saddam would drive the Jews into the sea. Rather dismayed, Amos asked him why. Because then, came the unexpected answer, some of the Jews might come back to Vienna, and life would become interesting and tolerable once more.

Amos was a man of the Left, contentious and caustic. For reasons I could never quite fathom, I had some special license to debate with him, pressing him to admit the false assumptions, inconsistencies, and follies of the Left, and especially the belief that the famous two-state resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian confrontation is practical politics rather than the Utopian fantasy it so clearly is. It really was as though we were out-of-date cosmopolitans from a Viennese café. One day I was about to go on a National Review cruise and he was about to go on a similar cruise for The Nation. He suggested that the two cruises ought to meet on the ocean like pirates and do battle, all of us naturally wearing formal evening dress and black tie.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
482592,"Plus one article on Google Plus

Heineken’s Forgotten Plan To Build Houses Out Of Beer Bottles, plus more bottle houses and a DIY bottle brick tutorial.

From 1998: Paul McCartney Shows You How to Make Mashed Potatoes.

Your kids will like this: Back to School Fashion circa 1939.

Physiognomy of eyebrows: everything you wanted to know about eyebrow interpretation from the 16th century.

The 29 most stressful jobs in America.

Gallery of unusual cloud formations.

ICYMI, Wednesday’s links are here, and include the history of ice cream truck jingles, the little-known lyrics from the Star Trek theme song, the anniversary of the Battle of Borodino (on which both War and Peace and the 1812 Overture are based), and political maps of the United States from 1850 and 1880.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
899088,"Millions of dollars from the fortune of legendary investor Warren Buffett are going to pay for abortions, according to documents from Buffett’s charitable organization and abortion-providing groups.

Buffet, whose preternatural investing success has made him the fourth richest person in the world, is often described as folksy. But the Sage of Omaha is also a longtime population-control buff, and his foundation pours tens of millions of dollars into abortion-funding work every year. In 2011, his foundation gave more than $$115 million to pro-choice groups, with a large portion of that going to groups that fund abortions rather than merely doing education or advocacy.

National Review Online previously reported on the growing presence of charities that help women pay for abortions. Groups like the Lilith Fund have drawn increasing national attention, thanks in part to the efforts of pro-choice celebrities like Zach Galifianakis and Sarah Silverman. Buffett is not widely known as an abortion advocate, but his contributions dwarf those of better-known members of the pro-choice movement.

Here’s how: The Buffett Foundation — renamed the Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation (STBF) in 2004 after Buffett’s wife’s death — exists as a medium for the investor’s charitable giving.

The foundation is remarkably opaque — “a case study in non-transparency,” writes David Callahan for Inside Philanthropy. The foundation’s most recent IRS Form 990 is from 2011. Writes Callahan:

[I]t’s super hard to even figure out who’s doing the grantmaking. Which is crazy, because putting aside medical foundations that assist patients, STBF ranked number five in total giving in 2012, shelling out $$367.1 million in 2012. That total put it well ahead of such brand name biggies as Robert Wood Johnson, Kellogg, OSF, Mellon, and Packard. For most grantseekers, trying to penetrate this place is like being a tourist asking around for the Mafia in Little Italy. The website is a laughable dead end, focusing only [on] STBF’s education giving while omitting huge key funding areas, and STBF’s 990s lag maddeningly behind by a few years. If you try calling the foundation, you get a message saying that nobody is there and that they don’t accept proposals, have funding guidelines, or publish an annual report (but at least you can leave a message!).

Nevertheless, it’s clear the foundation pours millions into pro-choice organizations, with a special focus on funding for abortions. In addition to funding general women’s health organizations and some political groups, Buffett gives generously to organizations that use their funds specifically to help women pay for abortions.

For instance, STBF gave more than $$21 million in 2010 to the National Abortion Federation Hotline Fund. That organization’s 990 says its mission is “to ensure that women have the information and resources they need to access quality abortion care.” It also “provides case management services to women with special needs and limited financial assistance to subsidize care for low-income women,” per its 990 from 2012 (the latest year accessible).

In 2012, the NAF Hotline’s annual revenue was a little more than $$26 million, per GuideStar. In other words, Buffett’s foundation made a donation almost the size of an entire year’s revenue to one of the country’s more prominent national abortion funds.

The Buffett Foundation’s 990 for 2012 wasn’t available. But in 2011, it gave or pledged more than $$40 million to Planned Parenthood, which provides abortions as part of its range of services. It gave more than $$1 million to the Abortion Access Project and many other pro-abortion groups.

Buffett’s foundation has also helped organizations seeking to increase abortion access overseas. STBF gave $$16 million DKT International, which works to expand abortion access in India, Ethiopia, Mozambique, and other countries. DKT’s website says it “provided 1.2 million safe abortion doses” in 2013.

Gynuity Health Projects, which received more than $$9.4 million from the Buffett Foundation from 2009 to 2011, works to expand abortion access in developing countries. Its website discusses its efforts to lower the cost of medical abortions and “to help support introduction of this promising new technology [mifepristone, an abortifacient].”

And in 2011, Buffett also gave $$750,000 to the National Network of Abortion Funds, which supports state and local abortion funds.

That’s a tiny slice of the support Buffett directs to organizations seeking to make abortion cheaper, more accessible, and less politically toxic. Buffett is consistently mum on abortion issues; he doesn’t put his mouth where his money is. But a look at his charitable giving suggests the pro-abortion movement has no better ally than the beloved Cornhusker billionaire.

— Betsy Woodruff is a William F. Buckley Fellow at the National Review Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702323,"Discipline Disparities

Fourteen-year-old Kahton Anderson illustrates what’s wrong with the racism meme.

By Heather Mac Donald — April 3, 2014

Last week I invoked the case of a 14-year-old Brooklyn boy arrested for shooting another teenager, in making the claim that behavioral differences, not racism, drive the disparity between black and white student suspensions. The Obama administration had released its latest school-discipline data on March 21, showing that black students are suspended at three times the rate of white students. The civil-rights industry predictably greeted this information as yet more proof that schools are biased against black students. The day before the federal data were published, eighth-grader Kahton Anderson had opened fire on a Brooklyn bus when several members of a rival “crew” (a localized mini-gang) got on; an innocent 39-year-old father was fatally shot in the head.

Anderson was relevant to the school-discipline debate as an emblem of the pathological urban culture that is manifested both in the black crime rate and in classroom misbehavior. “The chance,” I wrote last week, that Anderson was “a model pupil, quietly paying attention in class and not disturbing his fellow students and teacher, was close to zero.” That statement proved prescient. A fuller picture of Anderson’s school behavior is now in. It is exactly what one would expect.

According to the New York Times, Anderson

was frequently in trouble. Sometimes it was for violating the school’s uniform code or disrespectful chatter in class. . . . Sometimes it was worse: He had a sealed arrest from 2011, and often, high-school-age members of a crew students knew as “R&B” or “RB’z” — the initials stand for “Rich Boys” — loitered outside the school, waiting to fight him. About three weeks after he got into a fight near school last year, he was transferred to Elijah Stroud Middle School in Crown Heights. . . . But he seemed to do no better at Elijah Stroud, where he had been suspended from the early fall until very recently . . . Under Education Department policy, only students with serious infractions, such as injuring or trying to injure other students or teachers, can be suspended for more than 10 days. All fall and winter, he had a more consuming preoccupation than school or even basketball: his crew’s escalating war with a rival group of teenage boys.

Anderson is a case study in everything that the civil-rights complex assiduously denies. Naturally, he was raised by a single mother. Despite the inevitable excuse that his criminality is the result of poverty, he has a taste for designer clothing, replenishing his supply of Air Jordans and Reeboks on a frequent, sometimes monthly, basis. And Anderson is just the tip of the iceberg. He is surrounded by numerous other Kahton Andersons, including the fellow members of his crew, the Stack Money Goons, dedicated to obtaining money by any means available; the members of the Goons’ rival crew, the Twan Family, named in honor of a 17-year-old who was fatally shot while robbing an off-duty police officer; and members of dozens of other crews and gangs that form in inner-city neighborhoods in the absence of married fathers raising their children. The bus shooting was hardly unusual. Gunfire among these warring crews is routine; one crew member was shot to death last July. And as in Kahton’s case, the lack of impulse control that results in such mindless violence on the streets unavoidably shows up in the classroom as well. It defies common sense that a group with such high rates of lawlessness outside school would display model behavior inside school. Multiply Anderson’s homicide several-hundred-fold, and you get the nearly ten to one disparity between the murder rate among 14- to 17-year-old black males and that of their white and Hispanic male peers combined. Multiply his classroom infractions several-hundred-thousand-fold, and you get the three-to-one suspension disparity that so agitates the civil-rights and education establishments. (A forthcoming study by University of Cincinnati criminologist John Paul Wright [you can read the PDF file here] confirms the obvious: The racial gap in suspensions is completely accounted for by students’ prior problem behavior.)

Anderson’s case demolishes a more specific assertion of the “school discipline is racist” movement as well. The most ubiquitous conceit propounded by the anti-suspension activists is that white students are more frequently reprimanded for “objective” offenses, and black students for “subjective” offenses. University of Indiana school-psychology professor Russell Skiba arrived at that distinction in 2002 (PDF file here) when analyzing why students in one urban school district were sent to the principal’s office for discipline. Once referred to the principal, white students were expelled at the same rate as black students, Skiba found (undoubtedly to his disappointment). But he concluded that there was a systematic distinction in the reasons why students were referred: Whites were sent for what Skiba deemed “objective” offenses, like smoking, leaving the classroom without permission, and vandalism, and blacks for “subjective” offenses like threat, disrespect, and excessive noise. From which it followed — at least for Skiba and his civil-rights colleagues — that schools were arbitrarily disciplining blacks, resulting in the familiar discipline disparities.

Skiba’s schema was meaningless on a number of fronts. Try telling a teacher being threatened with physical retaliation that her plight is merely “subjective.” But even if one were to accept his strained distinction between objective and subjective offenses and its universal applicability, it doesn’t mean that the allegedly “subjective” offenses for which black students were disciplined were not serious violations of classroom order, jeopardizing the ability of other students to learn. And Kahton Anderson shows why these so-called subjective offenses like “disrespectful chatter” and insubordination matter beyond the classroom, regardless of the perpetrator’s race: They are a manifestation of deeper problems of self-control and the response to authority. As with the broken-window theory of crime, they need to be addressed in the hope of preventing more serious infractions stemming from a student’s lack of self-discipline.

The Anderson shooting also rebuts a host of other pseudo-racism memes, such as the claim that the New York Police Department’s racially skewed stop-question-and-frisk statistics demonstrate departmental bias against blacks. To the contrary, it is shooting wars between crews like Anderson’s, and other inner-city crime waves, that determine police deployment and tactics. If middle-schoolers on Manhattan’s Upper West Side were shooting each other as middle-schoolers do in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, the NYPD would be out in force there as well, looking for suspicious behavior that could indicate a crime about to happen. Here’s news for the civil-rights industry: Such crew violence as Anderson’s is virtually exclusively a black and Hispanic phenomenon. Ninety-eight percent of all shootings in New York City are committed by blacks and Hispanics; whites and Asians commit 2 percent. Anderson opened fire on the bus after a member of the rival Twan Family, who had just climbed on board, allegedly grabbed his waistband. This telltale sign of gun possession is routinely mocked by the civil-rights industry when the police invoke it as grounds for a stop. Actual criminals are not so naïve.

The only surprising thing about Anderson’s story is that he had been disciplined at all, even if ineffectively. Thanks to the constant pressure from the Obama administration and the civil-rights establishment, the New York City school system, like so many others, has stripped teachers of vast swaths of their disciplinary powers. The exercise of those powers disproportionately affects black students; therefore, the teachers and administrators must be racist. The victims of this blind campaign will be the law-abiding students prevented from learning by the uncontrolled chaos in their classrooms, and the victims of criminals who never learned to master their impulses.

— Heather Mac Donald is a Thomas Smith Fellow at the Manhattan Institute and the author of Are Cops Racist?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
242087,"Asked how she could debase herself to the level of playing Mammy in Gone with the Wind, Hattie McDaniel replied, “I’d rather play the maid and make $$700 a week than be a maid and make $$7.”

Now McDaniel’s iconic performance, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, the first and only black winner in that category until 1990, stands under threat of being erased from the cultural memory. A Memphis theater that screens Gone with the Wind annually announced that it is withdrawing it from future showings. At this moment that decision may look like a trivial detail from the silly-season panic attached to all art works with historically uncomfortable connotations, but I’ll wager it’s just the beginning of what figures to be a devastating war on this film. I expect Gone with the Wind will disappear from sight within a few years.

For large corporations such as Time Warner, which owns the film through its Turner Entertainment subsidiary, the cost of being associated with racism in even the most remote way probably exceeds the value of even such a towering cinematic landmark as Gone with the Wind. Any month now, I expect, the film will be tagged with a disclaimer/trigger warning about its portrayal of slaves in antebellum Georgia and the war years, but that will just provide a pleasing aroma of blood in the water to the culture-cleansers. If the pressure on Time Warner becomes acute, it will simply stop showing the film on Turner Classic Movies or leasing it to streaming services. (It is currently available on Amazon Prime.) After that will come an inevitable clamor to withdraw the DVD from sale. I wouldn’t be at all surprised if Time Warner meekly bowed and acquiesced.

There is precedent for such a decision, drastic though it would be. Another major studio, Disney, has effectively extinguished one of its racially questionable classics, 1946’s Song of the South. That film is never shown on television, hasn’t been in theaters since 1986, and has never been released on home video in the United States.

It can, however, easily be found on the Internet; google “Song of the South full movie.” I just watched it for the first time, and what I’m shocked about is how unshocking the film is. Despite its aura of forbidden status, it’s far less offensive than Gone with the Wind.

The thing everyone knows about Song of the South isn’t true: It doesn’t romanticize slavery or portray slaves as contented. It doesn’t portray slavery at all. Based on Joel Chandler Harris’s Uncle Remus stories, it takes place during Reconstruction, though the only strong indication we have that slavery is no longer in effect doesn’t arrive until the last act, when Uncle Remus is shown sadly packing up his things and deciding to leave the plantation for Atlanta because he is no longer wanted by the white family that owns the property. Slaves didn’t have the option to walk away. The black workers seen in the film are sharecroppers, not slaves.

What gives offense in Song of the South is that black characters speak in an exaggerated pidgin (“In dem days, duh critters, dey was closer to the folk and the folks, dey was closer to the critters”) and are portrayed as supportive and friendly toward the white landowners. But many films depict blacks speaking in dialect. As for films about blacks being cheerfully subservient to white people, if we’re going to start banning those, I say The Legend of Bagger Vance should be first to go, not because it’s insensitive but because it’s terrible.

Song of the South holds some historical interest: McDaniel appeared in a small role (essentially reprising her GWTW performance), it melded live action with animation in a groundbreaking way that presaged Mary Poppins and, much later, Who Framed Roger Rabbit? and it won an Oscar for Best Original Song (“Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah”) as well as an honorary Oscar for James Baskett, who portrayed the kindly Uncle Remus. It was also an enormous box-office success.

But the main reason Disney can afford to bury Song of the South is that the film is artistically nothing special. Dated, obvious, and thinly written, it’s easy to forget even if you don’t factor in racial insensitivity. Gone with the Wind is another story: It contains some of the most magnificent moments in screen history. Corrected for inflation, it’s the biggest box-office success ever, having earned $$1.8 billion in theaters in today’s dollars. Yet Prissy and Mammy are cringe-inducing, through no fault of the performers playing them, and the film unquestionably romanticizes slavery. For its defenders to pretend that it doesn’t seems like a losing strategy.

Gone with the Wind is an indelible part of cinema history, mostly for good but also for ill, and belongs in the same cultural category as historical monuments. Unlike many of those statues and markers, though, Gone with the Wind exists in a purely private space. Those who find it offensive can easily avoid it. But Time Warner should resist the pressure to withdraw it that is surely coming. A company with a proud place in cinematic history shouldn’t create a precedent of self-censorship.

READ MORE:

From Black Annie to White Daimio

Confederate and the Dunces Who Assume It’s Pro-Slavery

Race Hysteria Erupts over Broadway Casting



— Kyle Smith is National Review Online’s critic-at-large.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
700392,"The quake was centered almost exactly where my summer house is (Cambria, CA); I am in Las Vegas at the moment, and I haven’t reached any of my friends (or my contractor) yet, but one good sign: I called the house, and my answering machine picked up, which means the power is still on to the house and it probably hasn’t fallen over or slid down the hill. I did hear on the news that some wineries have had barrels fall over; the wineries there typically and follishly stack barrels to the roof. Updates to come. . .",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
658104,"I’m glad the Senate came to its senses and killed the omnibus spending monstrosity. That outrageous trillion-dollar pork buffet was an outright slap in the face to the American public’s expressed wishes in the last election. It was as if Congress was earning its historically low 13 percent approval rating before our very eyes. I applaud senators like Jim DeMint, John McCain, and others who fought this and stopped it.

However, the very fact that some lawmakers on Capitol Hill thought such reckless spending was even remotely acceptable is disturbing. We’re facing trillion-dollar deficits and a record national debt, but some people still want to continue spending like there’s no tomorrow. If the European debt crisis teaches us anything, it’s that tomorrow always comes. Sooner or later, the markets will expect us to settle the bill for the enormous Obama-Pelosi-Reid spending binge. We’ve already been warned by the credit ratings agency Moody’s that unless we get serious about reducing our deficit, we may face a downgrade of our credit rating. Even the lamest of lame ducks can’t ignore this reality.

— Governor Sarah Palin is a former Republican vice-presidential nominee and author of the bestselling Going Rogue and America by Heart.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
400854,"Conservatives: Stop Enabling Obamacare

The full-repeal hardliners make the perfect the enemy of the good.

By Heather R. Higgins — July 31, 2015

Unless conservatives change their strategy soon, history is likely to record them as the unintended enablers of Obamacare’s expansion.

Yet another key moment for a turn toward free-market reform is upon us. Will congressional Republicans again pursue a strategy that sounds serious but results in Obamacare’s unimpeded implementation? Or will they try to actually impede the law in real time and make clear to the American people which party is on their side as we approach 2016?

The Right often criticizes the Left for getting lost in good intentions while ignoring the real-life consequences of its policies. Sadly, the Right hasn’t noticed that it has been effectively doing the same thing by focusing solely on the whole loaf of full repeal, and ignoring the fact that their strategy does nothing to slow the entrenchment of Obamacare, while in fact precluding other options that would have constituted — and still could constitute — real wins.

Since the Affordable Care Act became law, conservatives have twice before let an unobtainable perfect be the enemy of a possibly attainable good (see “History of a Shutdown,” NRO, 10/23/13). In both instances, proposals for incremental changes would have mitigated the damage done by Obamacare in real time, and conservatives would have won credit with the American people for being serious about its undoing. In both instances, most conservatives were inclined to support the proposals, but both times, conservative groups that rate the votes of members of Congress wouldn’t settle for anything less than full repeal. They announced they were scoring against these proposals — and so, without sufficient conservative votes, the proposals died.

Advocating full repeal and defunding rather than trying to enact partial measures sounded good. But the result was that not a penny less was spent by the government, no part of Obamacare’s implementation was challenged, and the law become more entrenched.

Now there are two more proposals queued up, both of which appear at first blush to be in line with GOP principles, but both of which, if enacted, will likely hurt, not help, the larger cause of Obamacare repeal.

The first proposal is repeal of the medical-device tax. If a stand-alone repeal of this tax is passed now — as opposed to simply a temporary moratorium to minimize its harms — it will likely cause the medical-technology industry, one of the few deep-pocketed allies in the cause of full repeal, to sit out the full-repeal fight in 2017; perhaps worse, it will reinforce the charge that the GOP cares more about corporations with lobbyists than about average Americans. It also would set a precedent as just the first of many corporate “fixes” to the Affordable Care Act, which would further erode the small cadre of business interests that at present would benefit from full repeal.

The second is the plan to use the reconciliation process — in which only 51 votes are needed in the Senate, rather than 60, to pass a bill that affects government spending and revenue — to get a near-full-repeal bill to President Obama’s desk . . . so that he can veto it. Even the most vocal proponents of this strategy presume that that is the best we would get: a veto.

There are good reasons to have a vote to repeal Obamacare. Not least is the fact that there are many new senators since 2010; they have not had a chance to vote for or against repeal of the law, and it would be useful to get them all on record.

But there is no value in getting President Obama to veto something everyone expects him to veto — that would only elicit a collective yawn. It would create zero problems for Democrats. Moreover, the overreach would leave many wondering if Republicans are really serious about minimizing the harms of the law, slowing its spread, and paving a pathway toward an improved health sector. This would all potentially hurt us, rather than help us, in 2016. Worse, under any scenario, it again is a gift to the Left, leaving Obamacare unimpeded, intact, and metastasizing.

If the GOP is serious about undoing the ACA, other strategies can produce a better outcome on all those fronts.

First, the focus on President Obama is misplaced — he isn’t running in 2016. The objective should be to minimize the law’s damage while actually making it easier to repeal and replace in 2017.

So, instead of wasting the effort to pass a bill that would be purely symbolic — because of Obama’s veto — we should focus on a proposal that would actually slow the law’s implementation (this would be a real win, if only a partial one) and that would be hard for Democratic lawmakers who are planning to run again in 2016 to vote against.

Those who argue that reconciliation should be used for repeal cite essentially three reasons: First, they say that, because the Republicans have more than enough senators (54) to pass a reconciliation bill, Democratic votes are irrelevant and can be ignored. Second, they say that is especially true since President Obama’s veto is guaranteed no matter what is put on his desk. Third, they contend that if something less than full repeal would get enough Democratic votes, then there is no reason to do it through reconciliation — the 60-vote threshold wouldn’t be a problem. These assumptions bear scrutiny.

To the first two points: Democratic votes matter hugely, since the actual passage of anything is not possible without them. This is particularly true when it comes to putative vetoes: President Obama has a history of talking tough about vetoes, but if enough Democrats vote against the president, those vetoes never materialize — as in the repeals of the CLASS Act (the unworkable long-term-care insurance scheme enacted as Title VIII of Obamacare), the onerous 1099 tax reporting requirements that would have buried small businesses in Obamacare paperwork, and most recently the Corker–Cardin Iran bill. If Obama did use the veto anyway, again getting some Democratic votes matters: Republicans alone can’t override a veto.

To the third point: Lemmings don’t die alone. The psychology of legislators acting in groups is clear: When perceived negative consequences are low, the propensity to act in concert with others is high; but when perceived negative consequences increase, legislators display a greater likelihood to act in their own perceived self-interest.

But legislators are not lemmings and have a strong inclination for personal survival. Knowing that passage has a lower threshold — and is, therefore, more likely — increases the likelihood that Democrats will buck their leadership’s ideological agenda and vote instead for something that helps them politically with their constituents back home.

If 60 votes are needed, Democrats know a bill will likely fail, so they don’t need to worry about the personal political implications for themselves. But if the threshold is only 51, and — this is important — the bill is something their constituents would want and think is reasonable and obvious (for example, repeal of the individual mandate, and possibly the employer mandate, perhaps coupled with a temporary moratorium on the medical-device tax pending full repeal for everyone), the pressures from home increase, the ranking of the various decision-making imperatives changes, and some Democrats are more likely to feel compelled to join Republicans in voting for it.

So the lower reconciliation threshold actually improves the odds of actual passage, and, the more Democrats side with Republicans, the less likely President Obama is to veto. But even if he does veto, Democrats whose constituents support the bill will feel more pressure to help gain the two-thirds majority needed to override the veto.

Conservatives have a choice. They can use reconciliation for a symbolic vote on full repeal, which cannot pass and has no capacity to actually affect Obamacare, and will leave many Americans wondering if Republicans are really serious about repealing and replacing Obamacare.

Or they can use reconciliation for something partial but real, with broad bipartisan support, that will diminish the harms and entrenchment of Obamacare. In that scenario, either congressional Republicans will get something enacted that actually slows Obamacare, or they will at least have clarified for the American people which lawmakers can be trusted to vote for something self-evidently sensible, thus teeing up repeal for a serious fight after 2016 and leaving Democrats to explain why they were on the wrong side of a broadly popular bill.

The American people — who in both 2010 and 2014 elected a Congress that was supposed to actually do something about Obamacare, not just stake out utopian positions — want a win, even if it is only in one battle, not the whole war. Politics is the art of the possible, and Reagan’s advice — take our wins slice after slice rather than demanding the whole loaf at once — is apropos. The Republicans should use reconciliation to prove to the American people that they are on Capitol Hill to do what they were elected to do: minimize the damage and metastasis of Obamacare until a Republican president is elected who will sign legislation to replace it with true free-market reform.

— Heather R. Higgins is president and CEO of Independent Women’s Voice, which authored the Repeal Pledge on Obamacare, and runs A Bridge to Better — a project to advance efforts to minimize the harms of Obamacare and lay the groundwork for genuine reform.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
637600,"Today’S Puzzle

By Roger Clegg — February 24, 2006

Here’s a book review from the Washington Post this week: What’s been airbrushed out of the quotation in the last sentence?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
721485,"Prevailing Principles

The White House and 10 Downing Street must stay the course. Freedom depends on it.

By Michael Rubin — May 17, 2004

On April 28, 2004, dozens of retired Foreign Office diplomats published an open letter berating Prime Minister Tony Blair for “abandonment of principle…at a time when, rightly or wrongly, we are portrayed throughout the Arab and Muslim world as partners in an illegal and brutal occupation in Iraq.” Several American diplomats followed suit. The diplomats are right: London and Washington have abandoned their principles. But the principles abandoned have less to do with the moral equivalency held dear by Foreign Office Arabists than with the freedom, liberty, and human rights so emphasized by President Bush.

Commemorating the first anniversary of the war to liberate Iraq, Bush was unapologetic about U.S. policy: “We have set out to encourage reform and democracy in the greater Middle East as the alternatives to fanaticism, resentment, and terror.” Good words, but Washington appears to be reversing the presidential policy. Perhaps with media pressure building, the White House has decided to trade long-term progress for short-term expediency. Or perhaps distracted by the campaign, National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice is deferring responsibility to career diplomats to pursue their worst instincts. Regardless of the reason, the White House policy–and 10 Downing Street’s acquiescence to the flip-flop–threatens to undermine the foundations of nascent democracy movements across the Middle East.

Fanaticism, resentment, and terror threaten to return to Iraq. On May 17, 2004, a suicide bomber murdered the president of Iraq’s Governing Council. Less than a month ago, Coalition Provisional Authority Administrator L. Paul Bremer, in deference to U.N. Special Envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, announced the abandonment of de-Baathification efforts. But Brahimi’s claim that “thousands upon thousands of teachers, university professors, medical doctors and hospital staffs, engineers and other professionals who are sorely needed in the country have been dismissed within the de-Baathification process” falls flat among Iraqis. De-Baathification affected less than 1 percent of party members. Iraqis recognize that Iraqi society functions better without the Baathist elite. Saddam’s government promoted technocrats not on merit, but rather for political loyalty. The Iraqi Education Ministry is now forced to fire teachers hired in the wake of liberation. Popular sentiment is reflected in the hand-painted banners that hang in Najaf and Karbala in Iraq’s Shiite heartland, saying, “Death to the Baath Party.” As one Iraqi put it, “Saddam’s mass graves did not fill themselves.” These teachers had refused to join the Baath under Saddam; they lived hand-to-mouth as they sold off property or worked menial jobs to feed their families. When faced with a choice, they made the right moral decision. Now Coalition policy punishes them for it, instead rewarding their tormenters.

It is not only in Iraq that Washington and London appear to have abandoned principle. American and British politicians have cheered the rapprochement with Libya. On March 12, Bush declared, “We stand with courageous reformers.” He praised the Libyan government for releasing Fathi El-Jahmi, a political prisoner jailed in 2002 after speaking out for democracy. “It’s an encouraging step toward reform in Libya,” Bush said. Unfortunately, two days after Assistant Secretary of State Bill Burns dined with the Libyan dictator, and one day after Prime Minister Tony Blair’s visit to Libya, Libyan security agents arrested El-Jahmi; he has not been seen since. If El-Jahmi has access to a television, he will not see U.S. or British diplomats invoking his name. Rather, he will see Blair and Burns sitting with Khaddafi and European diplomats toasting the Libyan strongman in Brussels. The White House remains silent. Libyans visiting Washington say Khaddafi’s arrest of El-Jahmi is meant as a direct slap in the face of President Bush.

And nowhere has the Bush doctrine’s reversal hit harder than in Iran. In 1953 and 1979, Washington and London supported an autocratic leader over the wishes of the Iranian people. In recent years, though, the Iranians have again rallied for reform. In 1999, I arrived in Tehran as riot police and students clashed. Tear gas wafted through the air. In his January 29, 2002, State of the Union address, Bush threw down a gauntlet, declaring Iran part of “an axis of evil.” Many Europeans found Bush’s rhetoric simplistic, but it was Bush’s moral clarity–and not Europe’s critical engagement–that emboldened Iranian students, factory workers, and teachers to again take to the streets. It has not escaped Iranians’ notice that while the European Union doubled its trade with Iran, the Islamic Republic doubled its application of capital punishment.

On May 9, 2004, three months to the day since Britain’s Crown Prince visited the Islamic Republic, an Iranian court confirmed the death penalty against Hashem Aghajari, a University of Tehran history professor who had criticized theocracy. Shortly after an Iranian court first sentenced Aghajari to die, Bush spoke on U.S.-funded Persian-language radio. “We continue to stand with the people of Iran in your quest for freedom, prosperity, honest and effective government, judicial due process and the rule of law,” the president said. According to the Iranian newspaper Aftab-i Yazd, on May 11, 2004, Aghajari threw down the gauntlet. “Either free me unconditionally or carry out the death sentence.” The Iranian people expect silence from 10 Downing Street, but not from the White House. If the Bush administration is serious about freedom and democracy, now is the time to speak. Silence sends a different message.

The ripple effects of the Bush doctrine’s abandonment spread far. On May 16, 2004, Secretary of State Colin Powell criticized Israel for razing homes used to facilitate weapons-smuggling. The previous day, the Bush administration remained silent when Palestinian chairman Yasser Arafat said on Palestinian television that Palestinians should “terrorize your enemy.” That Powell would criticize a democracy, and that Bush-administration principals would engage with members of Arafat’s government, is troubling.

Britain’s effete diplomats are wrong. Their belief that Muslim countries should not be held to basic human-rights standards is racist. One in six Iraqis fled his country under Baath-party rule; Iraqis who settle in the West thrive because of the rule of law. There are no cultural impediments to democracy; when Bush and Blair hold governments accountable for their actions, progress ensues. Rather than fete Khaddafi, the president and prime minister should receive prisoners of conscience like El-Jahmi and Aghajari. Across the Middle East, people look to the West to match its rhetoric with action. We should not abandon dissidents, even if career diplomats, both British and American, demand it. The policy reversals of today will undermine democracy in the Middle East for years to come.

–Michael Rubin, an NRO contributor, is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
295514,"Today the Supreme Court heard arguments in the Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood cases challenging the HHS contraceptive mandate. Defenders of religious liberty have much to be optimistic about in today’s arguments, but the outcome is far from clear. The justices’ questions broke down along typical liberal/conservative lines — Justice Kennedy offered questions on both sides, but Justice Breyer had a few comments that were surprisingly harsh to the government.

For those unfamiliar with the case, Ed has done a great job previewing the issues in great detail. The case will turn on the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which effectively creates a statutory exception from laws that substantially burden the exercise of religion unless the law advances a compelling government interest and is the least restrictive means for doing so. A threshold issue is whether RFRA protections are even available to for-profit corporations like Hobby Lobby and Conestoga.

On the threshold question, Justice Sotomayor took the lead, challenging Paul Clement, who argued for both Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood, to show how corporations practice religion. Solicitor General Verrilli joined her in his argument, focusing on the challenges presented in determining what a business’s religious practice is when its board or shareholders disagree and the issues presented by a lack of evidence that it’s being run according to religious principles.

This, Clement responded, is chiefly a question of sincerity, which is something the courts are accustomed to looking at in such cases. The chief justice — often looking for the most “narrow” grounds on which to decide a case — suggested that the Court could simply limit its decision to closely held businesses like those in the case, obviating the shareholder-disagreement issue. He speculated that publicly held corporations that would be able to claim they were sincerely exercising religion are vanishingly rare, so the Court probably would never have to decide that harder question. Justice Kagan, despite being one of the clearest votes for the government today, signaled that even she felt this threshold question was a loser for the solicitor general.

Justice Alito’s questioning highlighted the ad hoc nature of the government’s distinction regarding for-profit corporations. He prompted the solicitor general to concede that RFRA applied to nonprofit corporations — meaning nothing inherent in the corporate form made the law inapplicable — as well as to for-profit businesses if they’re organized as sole proprietorships or partnerships. Thus, Verrilli conceded, nothing about entering the marketplace itself puts one outside the bounds of RFRA. Even Justice Breyer agreed with the challengers on this point, and questioned the solicitor general as to why a kosher butcher should suddenly lose its free-exercise claim once incorporated.

Justice Kennedy put the solicitor general into the uncomfortable position of admitting that its arguments would mean for-profit hospitals could be forced to perform abortions, even if that violated their conscience rights. Verrilli’s obvious discomfort at admitting this further evidenced the degree to which the government’s hostility to the religious objectors in this case turns on its disagreement with their theology. After all, regardless of the government’s position on when life begins, Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood believe it begins at conception, meaning that, for them, the contraceptives they object to can cause the death of a human being. From the perspective of the parties in this case, the government is forcing them to pay for abortions, and the Court must view the religious burden from that perspective, rather than second-guessing their theology.

If, as seems likely, the Court holds that Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood can bring a RFRA claim, they have to show that they suffer a substantial burden as a result of the HHS mandate. The mandate either forces them to pay a penalty for offering insurance that doesn’t include certain contraceptives, or decline to provide insurance at all and pay a substantially smaller, though still significant, tax. Justices Sotomayor and Kagan argued vigorously that there was no real harm to the businesses because, by dropping insurance, the companies could actually save money. The Chief Justice, Justice Scalia, and Justice Alito all disagreed, arguing that the companies would have to pay higher wages in order to compensate their employees for the loss of health care. This was one point at which Justice Kennedy showed sympathy toward the government, and asked hypothetically what was left of the religious objectors’ cases if dropping insurance turned out to be a wash financially. Clement responded that the companies felt a religious duty to offer health insurance to their employees, and pointed out that previous cases had found a fine of as little as $$5 to be substantial. Thus, even if the cost of providing no insurance at all turns out to be less than the estimated $$26 million and doesn’t force Hobby Lobby out of business, it still burdens their religious practice.

The argument moved from that discussion to one of compelling interest, and on that point the Court was most concerned about the many exemptions to the law, particularly the grandfathered businesses who — for some indefinite time — will not have to comply with the mandate. The existence of such exemptions suggests that the government’s interest is not in fact compelling.

Justice Sotomayor suggested that the grandfathering period would be very short, and the solicitor general agreed. But when pressed by the Chief Justice, Verrilli acknowledged that he had no sense of how many plans would continue to be grandfathered or for how long. Another problem for the government was created by the exemptions created by HHS for certain religious nonprofits. Justice Kennedy seemed on this point to be siding against the government, particularly because the exemptions were created by a regulatory agency rather than Congress itself. He pointed out that RFRA was passed by Congress as a whole to create exemptions for religion, while HHS – a mere regulatory agency — has decided to draw different lines for exemptions. In our constitutional system, shouldn’t Congress’s judgment govern?

Another aspect of the compelling-interest test found Justice Kennedy questioning the Hobby Lobby/Conestoga side. When he asked Paul Clement how the Court should consider the rights of the employees, Clement responded that the government shouldn’t be able to immunize itself from religious-freedom claims by creating third-party beneficiaries. He contrasted a law that forces individuals to burn all their books, including their Bibles, with another law that forces them to give someone all their books, including their Bibles. While both have the same negative effect on the religious believer, under the second case someone could also complain of unfairness if Bibles were excluded from the “book mandate” because they then would receive fewer books. Yet, Clement contended, religious believers would see their freedoms violated equally if they weren’t exempted from both laws.

The government also claimed an interest in the uniformity of the law, which Justices Kagan and Sotomayor explored. They suggested that granting the exemptions requested in this case would open the door to widespread religious exemptions to providing everything from blood transfusions to vaccines. Clement pointed to the different analyses that would have to take place for each of these objections. While all present the same burden on religious exercise, it is possible that there would be a more significant government interest in requiring coverage, say, of blood transfusions than of contraception, particularly in a regime that already exempts so many businesses from covering contraceptives.

If the government’s interest in providing the specified contraceptives is deemed compelling, then the Court has to ask whether the HHS mandate was narrowly tailored to achieve that interest. This distinct feature of RFRA makes it an even stronger protection for religious freedom than the First Amendment alone. The religious objectors suggested that the government could simply pay for the contraceptives itself, make a different group (like insurers or hospitals) provide them, or offer subsidies like it does in the exchanges. Justice Breyer questioned the solicitor general about why this wasn’t an option, and it wasn’t clear whether he was satisfied with the answer.

At the end of the day, this case is still very much a toss-up, with Justice Kennedy the swing vote as usual. But with Justice Breyer apparently also in play, there are good grounds to hope that the administration’s attack on religious freedom will not win the day.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657444,"The just released No Excuses: Closing the Racial Gap in Learning by Abigail and Stephan Thernstrom promises to do for education what Edward Banfield’s Unheavenly City did for social/political science in general: Skewer shibboleths and inject some common sense into the discussion.

The Thernstrom’s landmark book addresses the various reasons for the enormous gap in academic achievement between black and Hispanic students on the one hand and whites and Asians on the other. (The average black student graduates from high school with the equivalent of an eighth-grade education.) Some of the reasons are complex and sophisticated; others are not. And race/ethnicity is not the issue. Rather, it’s a host of other factors that largely revolve around attitude, culture, school structure and pedagogical approach.

Two of the book’s findings seem to confirm what many would consider no brainers: Kids who spend a lot of time on homework uninterrupted by TV tend to do better than those who don’t; and kids whose parents demand academic excellence generally do better than kids whose parents aren’t as demanding.

While these findings aren’t exactly startling revelations, many in the educational establishment don’t seem to get it. Over the last two generations, enlightened parents and educators have voiced concerns that kids are doing too much homework and are under too much pressure to succeed.

Popular media has eagerly seized upon these concerns. Reports of crushing homework schedules and blinding school stress have been commonplace over the last decade. Educators worry that kids are becoming too regimented, with the pressure to succeed beginning as early as preschool.

The problem is that these reports have little to do with reality. Sure, some overachievers work like crazy. But that’s been the case for generations. Several recent reports reveal that the homework burden has remained virtually flat over the last 50 years.

A RAND study, “A Nation at Rest: The American Way of Homework,” determined that the typical American high-school student spends only about five hours a week on homework. A Brookings Institution review of several studies on the homework levels of the top 20 industrialized countries shows that students in the U.S. rank near the bottom in the amount of homework done on a daily basis.

Some educators, however, are impervious to facts. The trend at many schools is to assign less homework. Some schools go so far as to discourage their teachers from assigning more than “manageable” amounts of homework–which often means that students are homework-free several times per week.

Of course, everyone knows there’s a big difference between how much homework is assigned and how much is actually done. And then there’s the matter of concentration: Even the Gettysburg Address can seem interminable when interrupted by long stretches of Monday Night Football or CSI.

The Thernstroms note that National Assessment of Educational Progress (“NAEP”) data reveal Asian-American students spend more time on homework than black, Hispanic, or white students. Interestingly, the amount of time spent each day on homework by the latter three groups is roughly the same. But, an NAEP study of TV watching habits shows that almost half of black fourth graders spend five hours or more watching TV on a typical school day. Nearly a third of black twelfth graders watch five hours or more of TV a day. That’s five times the proportion among whites and more than twice that for Hispanics. This vast amount of TV watching by black students might explain another finding noted by the Thernstroms: Harvard economist Ronald F. Ferguson’s survey of students in 15 affluent school districts shows that black students “were 20% less likely to complete their homework each night.” Ferguson also reports that nearly half of all black students state that most of the time they don’t understand their reading assignments very well–nearly twice the rate of non-comprehension for white students.

The Thernstroms also cite Laurence Steinberg’s analysis regarding the “trouble threshold”–the lowest grade students can receive before getting in trouble with their parents. For Asian-American students, that point is an A-; for whites, a B-; and for blacks and Hispanics, a C-. It stands to reason that students who get in trouble for getting a B+ will work a bit harder than students who can skate until they bring home a D+. The former are more likely to turn off the TV and concentrate on their studies. They’ll make sure they not only finish their homework, but understand it.

Several commentators have observed that the racial gap in academic achievement is today’s most important “civil-rights” issue. Closing the gap won’t be easy. But it starts with something as simple as turning off the TV and doing your homework.

–Peter N. Kirsanow is a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
645109,"



Detroit — “Climate scientists suggest that if you want a glimpse of some of the worst of global warming, take a look at U.S. weather in recent weeks,” hyperventilated the AP’s Seth Bornstein this month. “Horrendous wildfires. Oppressive heat waves. Devastating droughts.”

But in all their scaremongering that the drought of ‘12 is evidence of a man-made Apocalypse, America’s media has forgotten the “global” in global warming.

Just across the pond — as Brother Pollowitz points out nearby — Olympics-hosting England has been splashing and shivering though one of the wettest summers on record. “June was the wettest since records began, with double the average rain falling during the month, ” reports London’s Guardian. What, no drought?

“It is the second month this year to see record-breaking amounts of rain, after April became the wettest in records dating back more than a century to 1910,” continued the paper, noting the inconvenient truth that June was the coolest since 1991.

Meanwhile, Michigan media here gasped that July 17 was the hottest day on record, tying the record set in 1887. You remember 1887 don’t you? Those hot days when weather wasn’t blamed on SUVs, coal plants, and light bulbs.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
628967,"Pope Francis made comments last week that reveal the most important single thing you need to know about the modern world: The most dynamic religion of the last hundred years has been leftism. Not Christianity and not Islam. Leftism.

Leftism has taken over the world’s leading educational institutions, the world’s news media, the world’s popular entertainment, and it has influenced Christianity (and Judaism) far more than Christianity (or Judaism) has influenced anything.

On July 26, two Muslims slit the throat of a French Roman Catholic priest, Father Jacques Hamel, 86, while he was saying Mass in his church.

Five days later, on his plane returning to Rome from World Youth Day in Krakow, Poland, Pope Francis was asked about the French priest and Islam by Antoine Marie Izoarde, a journalist with i.Media, a French Catholic news service:

Izoarde:

Catholics are a bit in shock, and not only in France, after the barbarous assassination of Fr. Jacques Hamel — as you know well — in his church while celebrating the Holy Mass. Four days ago you here told us that all religions want peace. But this holy, 86-year-old priest was clearly killed in the name of Islam. So, Holy Father, I have two brief questions: Why do you, when you speak of these violent events, always speak of terrorists, but never of Islam, never use the word Islam? . . . What concrete initiatives can you advise or suggest in order to counteract Islamic violence? Thank you, Holiness.

As reported by the Catholic News Service, this is what Pope Francis responded:

I don’t like to speak of Islamic violence, because every day, when I browse the newspapers, I see violence, here in Italy . . . this one who has murdered his girlfriend, another who has murdered the mother-in-law . . . and these are baptized Catholics! There are violent Catholics! If I speak of Islamic violence, I must speak of Catholic violence.

The pope of the Roman Catholic Church, asked about Islamic terror and the slitting of the throat of a Roman Catholic priest by Islamic terrorists, responds that there is also Catholic terror — that a man who was baptized Catholic who “murdered his girlfriend” is the moral and religious equivalent of Muslims engaged in mass murder in the name of Islam.

How can anyone compare:

1) A person who happened to have been baptized a Catholic as a child — and who may have no Catholic identity as an adult — with an adult who affirms a religious identity?

2) The murder of a girlfriend — most likely a crime of passion — with the ritual murder of a Catholic priest because he was a priest?

3) Individual murders unrelated to any ideology with mass murders committed in the name of an ideology?

Pope Francis then added:

Terrorism is everywhere. . . . Terrorism grows when there are no other options, and when the center of the global economy is the god of money and not the person — men and women — this is already the first terrorism! You have cast out the wonder of creation — man and woman — and you have put money in its place. This is a basic terrorism against all of humanity! Think about it!

“Terrorism grows when there are no other options”?

The idea that Islamic terrorism is a desperate act arising from poverty is widely held among the Left. But it is utterly false. Most Islamic terrorists come from the middle class or above. In the recent case of the Bangladeshi terrorists, for example, nearly all the attackers came from some of the wealthiest families in Bangladesh. And, as should be well known by now, most of the 9/11 hijackers came from middle- and upper-middle class families.

Islamic terrorism doesn’t come from economics; it comes from its theology.

“Terrorism grows . . . when the center of the global economy is the god of money”?

Yazidi women weren’t gang raped and burned alive because of the ‘global economy’ and its ‘god of money.’

Pursuit of money and terror have nothing to do with each other. Terrorism grows only when some ideology preaches it. All this statement does is provide an excuse for Islamist terror by blaming the “global economy” and the “god of money” instead of the terrorists and their god of death.

“The first terrorism [is] when the center of the global economy is the god of money”?

It is a bad thing when money becomes a god, but there is no comparison between the “god of money” and the horrors of Islamic terror. Yazidi women weren’t gang raped and burned alive because of the “global economy” and its “god of money.”

The only explanation for these statements is that Pope Francis has inherited his theology from Catholicism but, unlike his immediate predecessor, Pope Benedict, he takes much of his moral outlook from leftism.

The Western combination of Judeo-Christian morality and political liberalism — with its doctrines of moral accountability, moral absolutes, confronting evil, and political and social freedom — has produced the most moral societies in world history.

The pope of the Roman Catholic Church should be its greatest advocate.

But because of leftism, he isn’t.

— Dennis Prager is a nationally syndicated radio talk-show host and columnist. His latest book, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code, was published by Regnery. He is the founder of Prager University and may be contacted at dennisprager.com. © 2016 Creators.com",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
657990,"Last week, the U.S. Census Bureau released a collection of data from its 2008 Current Population Survey. Here is one particularly arresting statistic: In 2008, only 38 percent of black children lived with two parents, compared to 85 percent of Asian children, 78 percent of non-Hispanic white children, and 70 percent of Hispanic children.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
334695,"Yet More on the Confederate Battle Flag

By Rich Lowry — June 23, 2015

A few more thoughts. I don’t like the Confederate battle flag and like Jonah, would take it down from prominent official places as a sheer matter of courtesy, if nothing else. But, let’s remember:

The Confederate army fought for an odious cause, yet it wasn’t an army of extermination like the Nazis, to which it is now being compared.

Confederate soldiers were Americans, and slavery was an American sin. This is something that Lincoln, a fierce opponent of slavery on principle, was always very clear about. He always said that Southerners were acting just as we would if we were in their circumstances.

Further to that point: The fact is that if anyone banging on about the Confederacy at the moment on Twitter were born in the 1840s in the South, outside of a few select areas, they, too, would have fought for the Confederacy. (UPDATE: It should go without saying that this isn’t true of blacks.) That should lend a measure of modesty to this debate.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
701899,"Plus one article on Google Plus

Also out front of my house this morning:



",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720042,"Islamism has more or less put paid to the Christian communities of Iraq and Syria which date back to the earliest years of the faith. Priests, including an archbishop, have been murdered. Christians have been beheaded in public for refusing to renounce their faith. Muslim converts to Christianity are hounded to death. Crucifixion is practiced. Muslim mobs regularly burn out churches, in Pakistan sometimes while the congregation is inside. In Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood once attacked 50 Coptic churches at the same time. Hundreds of thousands have fled abroad from persecution, never to return.

Almost as depressing as this victimization is the response to it in the West. The fate of these Middle East Christians is hardly reported in the media. If it is reported, then a faint sneer is detectable — these people don’t fit in because they are too devotional, in a word simple-minded, so they must mend their ways. Besides, Europe is post-Christian, far too sophisticated to think that religion has anything worthwhile to offer. The former Archbishop of Canterbury promoted sharia in Britain, the Muslim legal order that would put an end to the Anglicanism he is supposed to head. The former pope was obliged to retract and apologize for pointing out that Islam gives priority to faith over reason, an obvious truth. “Onward Christian soldiers, marching as to war” was once the first line of a popular Victorian hymn. I couldn’t resist writing a parody, “Backwards Christian soldiers, slinking from the war.”

For centuries, the character of Christian nations was formed and maintained by church architecture, stained glass, missals and poems like The Song of Roland, icons and frescoes, and statues and depictions of biblical motifs that even the greatest sculptors and painters concentrated on. Without such common belief and purpose, art in this secular age is reduced to “doing your thing.” Very few people have a thing worth doing, which is why the bogus, the ugly, and especially the transgressional have become modern standards.

According to Shakespeare, time and the hour runs through the roughest day, and now is time for remembering David Jones, unfortunately no relation of mine — he lived from 1895 to 1974. Christianity for him is the basis of civilization, not the message the man in the street usually hears. He’s always had a reputation as the author of In Parenthesis, a long and beautiful poem based on his experience of serving as a soldier in the front line in the First World War. An artist, he didn’t like to sell his work but left 900 of his pictures to the National Museum of Wales. Quite outside fashion and dealers and promotions, he explains in a book called Epoch and Artist that true art gives meaning to life and thus is a form of worship. Suddenly, fortuitously, two exhibitions of his work are now current in Britain, a new book has just been written about him, admiring articles are published, and The Spectator approvingly applied the word “saintly” to him. It might not seem much, but it may be enough to counter those who think that death is better than life, and act on the inhumanity of it.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434777,"As if to dispel recent assertions that his ego has grown even larger since the November election, during yesterday’s Google fireside chat the president answered a question about his administration’s deportation of illegal immigrants as follows: “This is something I’ve struggled with throughout my presidency. I’m the president of the United States. I’m not the emperor of the United States.”

Jay Carney denies that at the time the president made that statement someone was standing just behind his left shoulder, holding a crown and whispering, “All glory is fleeting . . .”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
699392,"Oil Is Not the Enemy

By Iain Murray — December 21, 2007

With all due respect to Robert Zubrin and the splendid Cliff May, their argument against oil seems to be based on a syllogism: Islamists produce oil, Islamists are bad, therefore oil is bad. The fact is that 80% of our oil comes from non-islamist sources. Our top sources for petroleum are Canada and Mexico. We even import more oil from Africa than from the Middle East. The rest of the world isn’t going to switch away from the most cost-effective source of transportation energy just because we choose something different. So by switching to methanol (which would also require massive amounts of land) we cut off our nose to spite our face. The Islamists will keep getting their funding from other nations, just like they do now, and we’ll be less resilient in the face of their attacks because we’ll be paying more for a less efficient form of energy (and we’ll therefore be less competetive with, eg, China as well). It’s ludicrous. If you really want to reduce our imports and lower the world price, campaign for an end to the silly restrictions that keep us from utilizing our vast reserves of oil and gas that are locked away in ANWR, the Rockies and the Outer Continental Shelf. The American consumer is not our enemy.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
718735,"Zika Funding Bill Blocked Again by Senate Democrats over Planned Parenthood

By Alexandra DeSanctis — September 7, 2016

In the Senate’s first vote after reconvening from August recess yesterday, Senate Democrats once again blocked the bill that would direct federal funds toward Zika-virus treatment and prevention. This is the third time that Democrats have voted against the bill, claiming that Senate Republicans will harm women’s health by excluding Planned Parenthood from the bill’s funding.

But as National Review reported early last month, nothing in the bill “attacks” Planned Parenthood or denies women necessary treatment. In reality, the Senate Democrats are refusing to pass the bill until Republicans add an earmark specifically designating a portion of the public-health funding — just one small aspect of the overall funding bill, most of which would focus on vaccine research and mosquito prevention — to Planned Parenthood.

In fact, according to the Daily Signal, Planned Parenthood clinics are not fully equipped to handle all of the possible complications that arise when a pregnant woman contracts the Zika virus. The federal health centers that would receive funding under the bill appear much more qualified to do so. But Democrats continue to mischaracterize the issue, repeatedly claiming that Republicans are putting their opposition to abortion ahead of the health of women and children. From Senate minority leader Harry Reid’s remarks on the Senate floor yesterday:

Earlier this year, Democrats tried in vain to bring Republicans to the realization that Zika was imperiling the health of all, but especially women of child-bearing age. Republicans were more interested in attacking Planned Parenthood and flying the Confederate flag ― can’t make that stuff up; that’s really the truth ― than protecting women and babies from this awful virus.

Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell disagreed, blaming the stalemate on “partisan excuses” given by Senate Democrats. “It’s hard to explain why, despite their own calls for funding,” he said, “Senate Democrats decided to block a bill that would keep pregnant women and babies safer from Zika.”

Democrats argue that Planned Parenthood should receive funds from the bill to provide birth-control and abortion “services” because of the link between Zika and the birth defect of microcephaly. Yet this link is not nearly as conclusive as experts originally believed. A recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine surveyed 12,000 pregnant women in Colombia infected with the Zika virus and found that not a single one of them gave birth to a baby with microcephaly. The study, though still only preliminary, casts doubt on the initial hypothesis that the Zika virus itself is the cause of the escalating number of infant microcephaly cases. According to some scientists, there is strong evidence that the pesticide pyriproxyfen, used extensively in mosquito prevention, is actually the source of increasing microcephaly rates in areas afflicted with the virus.

Given the scientific uncertainty about the link between the Zika virus and infant microcephaly, it is absurd for Planned Parenthood and Democrats to insist upon earmarked funds being given to the abortion giant. At the very least, Senate Democrats should be honest about the fact that they are continuing to put their allegiance to “abortion rights” ahead of the health of mothers and children.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
906793,"Plus one article on Google Plus

Once euthanasia consciousness is unleashed, it never stops expanding.

The law is still brand new, and yet there is already talk about allowing dementia patients to be killed and a mentally ill patient was euthanized with the permission of a court.

And now, children are in the target range. From the CBC story:

The Canadian Paediatric Society says its members are “increasingly” being asked by parents about the option of seeking medically assisted death for children, while a survey of doctors found nearly half of the respondents supported assisted death for kids with “progressive terminal illness or intractable pain.”

Do you think there will be strong pushback from Canadian medical leadership? Dream on!

Dr. Dawn Davies, a pediatric palliative care physician and chairwoman of the Canadian Pediatric Society’s bioethics committee, said she was surprised by that response…

I’m not. Once a society agrees that killing is an acceptable answer to human suffering, there are few logical off ramps.

Davies said it’s “far too early” to make any decisions, but the medical community should start thinking about issues involving assisted death for minors and when it could be the more compassionate choice.

“Far too early,” means it is already in the planning stages.

So I guess Robert Latimer–a Canadian farmer who murdered his daughter because she had cerebral palsy–was a visionary.

Culture of death, Wesley? What culture of death?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
76492,"Sean Penn, apparently not content with the edited version of his dispatches from Cuba and Venezuela that ran in The Nation, has dumped the unexpurgated version on Huffington Post. Part I of “Mountain of Snakes” is a mere 10,000 words long. However, Penn totally lacks any self-awareness regarding his raging egotism and has delusions of literary grandeur, and as such, he’s produced bar none the most unintentionally entertaining piece of writing in ages. It’s like Raymond Chandler meets John LeCarre as envisioned by a seventh grader:

From the sublime to the ridiculous, it was now 2am. I lit a cigarette, took a couple of drags, flicked it into the alley and entered the bar. Downstairs the music was loud. Some quasi-combo of house and salsa. Thump! Thump! Thump! The downbeats shook the floor and tickled my feet. I headed up the back stairs, and waiting for me at a table in the upper deck were the two contractors I had arranged to meet the night before. Full disclosure: I’m not a big “contractor” guy. I’d been jacked up by DynCorp-employed Iraqis on a dark night in a Baghdad alley, and slept beside Blackwater boys and their guns on a floor in the floods of New Orleans. It’s just this little thing I have about apolitical military might for profit. Call it irksome. Call it what you will, but a source is a source. We exchanged greetings by way of grunts. I took a seat and ordered Johnny Walker Black. It had been years since I ordered Johnny Walker Black. Pathetically I might have wanted to be one of the boys for a moment. They ordered a bubbly water a piece, and it was on. I was Al Capone, m—–f—–, and they were a pair of Perrier pansy John Wayne’s. “Whatcha got for me?” Uninterestingly, they turned out to be a couple of gents, South African though they were. In practice, their job in Venezuela was logistical. One, organized the patrolling of waterways by their company, contracted by the Venezuelan government to aid in drug interdiction. The other strategized jungle patrols on the Colombian border. We talked about a lot of things, and a lot of parts of the world, as I tend to do when indulging Johnny Walker Black. But here are the highlights: Neither one of them liked Chavez a bit. Whatever personal politics they might have had were far to the right of my peripheral vision. Chavez just wasn’t their kind of fellow. But the jungle patrolled said straight out, “I’ll tell you this about Chavez though. Of all the countries we’ve worked for, this government is by far, the most serious about drug interdiction.” I said, “What’s the bad news?” He said, “Chavez won’t last a year.” “What do you mean?” I said. “He’s too radical. We’ve seen it before.” “Seen what before? I said. “They’ll kill him.” “They?” I said. He reached across the table, took a sip of my Johnny Walker Black, smiled, and pointed directly at me, the Americano at the table.

And there’s so much more to savor where that came from… I’m pretty sure my dream assignment as a journalist would be following Penn around on one of these junkets where the famous “Americano” actor takes the Disney tour of the oppresive left-wing hell hole du jour then writing about what actually happened.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330512,"Trump Is Not Off the Hook on Syria

He needs to put the onus on Putin for Assad’s atrocities.

By Jonathan S. Tobin — April 4, 2017

Though Obama bears responsibility for the horror in Syria, the Trump administration’s Russia tilt means it owns the mess it inherited and must respond accordingly.

The timing for the Trump administration couldn’t be worse. Just days after statements from the White House as well as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley made it clear that the U.S. accepted the permanence of the Assad regime in Syria, Damascus reminded the world of its awful nature. The Syrian government dropped a poison-gas bomb on a hospital, taking the lives of dozens, including eleven children. As reports of the attack spread, fingers began pointing at Trump.

Senator John McCain wasn’t alone when he made it clear that the statements from the administration — including Tillerson’s astonishing assertion that the tyrannized Syrian people would determine their own future — provided encouragement for Assad to do his worst, safe in the knowledge that the U.S. didn’t care what happened in that tortured country.

McCain is right to the extent that the U.S. does bear a great deal of the responsibility for what happened in Syria in recent years as Assad has gained the upper hand in that country’s civil war with the help of his Russian and Iranian allies. But even if the main culprit here is President Obama, that doesn’t get the administration off the hook. The gas attack is a wakeup call to Trump that he has to choose between two of his foreign policy priorities: better relations with Russia and getting tough with Iran. If the administration doesn’t begin to respond, the mess in Syria will only get worse, and blaming Obama won’t be enough to avoid complicity in one of the great human-rights catastrophes of the 21st century.

The administration’s attempt to divert attention from its own silence about Assad by pointing to its predecessor has some merit. The Syrian debacle didn’t merely unfold on Obama’s watch; his actions and statements materially contributed to a situation in which Bashar Assad’s barbarous regime acts as if it has carte blanche from the international community to commit unspeakable atrocities.

Obama’s initial reaction to the 2011 Arab Spring protests in Syria was to encourage opposition to Assad. As the situation erupted into violence between rebels and the government, Obama made it clear Assad had to go. Historians will debate, as analysts did at the time, whether Western intervention to arm the more moderate rebels would have proved decisive and ended the conflict before Islamist groups became major players there. But what we do know is that Western inaction led to a civil war that quickly spiraled out of control and allowed radical Islamist groups to assume a major role in the opposition to a hated regime.

The turning point was in 2013 when Assad used chemical weapons against his own people. Prior to that, Obama had stated that their use would constitute the crossing of a “red line” that would mandate an American response. But without a coherent plan of action and faced with opposition from those who thought two Middle East wars was enough (a group that included one Donald J. Trump), Obama backed down. That was more than one of the most humiliating moments in the history of American foreign policy. It also provided an opening for Russia — which, along with Iran, was already aiding Assad — to embark on a full-scale intervention in Syria. Obama made a deal by which the Russians would supervise the collection of all of Assad’s illegal weaponry. But that flimsy agreement was never fully enforced, and Damascus has continued to employ gas against Syrian civilians.

Obama’s retreat went farther than just the “red line” fiasco. Despite sometimes paying lip service to the need for Assad’s ouster, he fully acquiesced to Russia’s assertion that its Syrian client fell under Moscow’s sphere of control. This not only marked a beginning of the realization of Vladimir Putin’s dream to reassemble the old Soviet empire. It also was part of a U.S. retreat from the Middle East; in 2011, Obama had completed the withdrawal of all U.S. forces from Iraq. The vacuum left by that decision provided the opening for the emergence of ISIS, as the Islamist group assumed control of large parts of both Syria and Iraq.

While the U.S. eventually deployed forces to fight ISIS, the initial decision to back away from conflict with Assad has ensured the continuance of that conflict. Assad and his allies have concentrated their military efforts on destroying rebels — moderates and radicals — not associated with ISIS. That left the Islamic State as the sole force in the field perceived to be defending Sunnis against the minority Alawite regime and Iranian and Lebanese Shiites (Tehran’s Hezbollah auxiliaries who were also deployed in Syria) as well as the Russians. So long as that remains the case, ISIS can count on support from Syrians who have good reason to hate Assad and his friends more than they do the equally barbarous Islamists.

Trump inherited a mess to which there are no easy or attractive options for the U.S. Trump’s foreign-policy team is simply stating the facts when they observe that Assad and his allies have already won the civil war and that there is no viable option for forcing him from power even if ISIS and pockets of rebels are still the field. But that does not excuse a policy of inaction from the administration.

This is a moment when the president needs to make it clear to Russia that if it is truly interested in better relations with the United States, it must put a leash on its Syrian client. Trump can start by insisting that Putin finally make good on the deal he struck with Obama to confiscate Assad’s chemical weapons. Equally important would be an effort to make it plain to Moscow that it cannot have normal, let alone friendly relations with the West while still acting as an ally of an Iran that is using the war in Syria to pursue its goal of regional hegemony.

Trump must understand that thinking that Russia can help him achieve his goal of defeating ISIS makes no sense so long as Moscow is in bed with Iran and Assad. Given Obama’s mistakes and Trump’s criticisms of past U.S. interventions in the Middle East, the administration has little leverage in Syria. But merely waving the white flag on the issue as it did last week only makes an already terrible situation even worse.

Given the reports about back-channel negotiations with Russia about breaking its ties with Iran, it may be that the administration understands that Trump’s contradictory rhetoric about the two countries must be resolved. Merely focusing on Obama’s mistakes is no longer enough. Like it or not, by signaling his desire for a new beginning with Assad’s Russian enablers, Trump is linked to what is happening in Syria. This is a moment for the president, who is not generally shy about sounding off on his views of the world, to say something that puts the onus on Putin for Assad’s atrocities and makes clear that the U.S. won’t continue to turn a blind eye to the horror there. If he doesn’t, his critics will be right when they say he, along with Obama, now owns the Syrian disaster.

— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online.

READ MORE:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
14103,"–I’ve been feeling a little low about my relationship with George W. Bush lately. I’m worried about the situation in Iraq. Dubya’s trademark, endearing smirk–the one that enrages Democrats–just doesn’t lift my spirits like it used to. And during the State of the Union, I definitely felt like we were drifting apart.

To be fair, Karl Rove has no need to panic. Realistically, who else am I going to vote for? John “Millionaires are out to get you, America…except for this millionaire!” Edwards? Please.

Regardless, I’ve been a little depressed. So last week, for a little pick-me-up, I did the only natural thing: I went to see George Soros.

Soros, for those who have been smart enough to ignore him, is on a cross-country crusade to get President Bush out of the White House. He is also promoting his book, The Bubble of American Supremacy: Correcting the Misuse of American Power. And at the University of Chicago last Wednesday, he made very little sense.

There are three types of people who oppose the war in Iraq. The first group knows their history, understands foreign policy, and can make a logical, respectable argument about why the war is not in America’s best strategic interest. The second group are always antiwar, period. The third group consists of people who only need to hear the words “Dick Cheney” for their heads to start spinning around like that poor little possessed girl in The Exorcist.

I probably don’t need to tell you which camp Soros falls into. “President Bush,” he announced after stepping to the podium, “is leading the country and the world in a dangerous direction.” After a smattering of applause, the audience sat in silence, waiting for Soros to tell them why this was so.

I could write many things about Soros’s argument that followed. It was at turns inconsistent (praising state sovereignty one minute and calling for an “interventionist” strategy the next), laughable (“I have experienced in the media an Orwellian truth machine–I think this problem requires very serious research”), and vindictive (“I am actually eager to have this [American] bubble punctured. Because otherwise we will be able to squeeze through and inflate it again.”)

But the most interesting thing about Soros’s central argument has nothing to do with strategy. It has nothing to do with war or peace. Instead, it has everything to do with his personal philosophy, which he declared at the beginning of his speech.

After a brief paean to the philosopher Karl Popper, Soros began his lecture by revealing the greatest possible threat to an open society: People who believe in ultimate truth.

“Nazism, Communism, Fascism: The problem with all of these is that they believed that they had the ultimate truth. Nobody has access to the ultimate truth. Because of this, Nazism, Communism, and Fascism had to enforce their ultimate truth–with repression.”

Um, wait a minute, Soros.

I sincerely believe that I have access to the ultimate truth. If I jump off of a bridge, that’s a bad idea. If I stick my hand into the mouth of a great white shark, I don’t expect it to come out with a French manicure. If I wear the “urban cowboy” look two years after its disastrous fashion apex, I expect to get ridiculed.

More importantly, and I know this is a stretch, but could it be that the problem is not the belief in ultimate truth, but the nature of the ultimate truth you hold? Could it be that the problem with Nazism, Communism, and Fascism was that their versions of truth involved genocide, wanton murder, class warfare, and total control of the populace? And could it be that our whole conceptions of “good” and “bad” come from–yes–a belief in ultimate truth?

“The open society is always in danger,” Soros continued. “But I never thought I would have to defend it in the United States.” As football announcer Terry Bradshaw once brilliantly it, you don’t have to be Albert Einstein to see the linkage forming in Soros’s head: Bush equals Hitler.

There are perfectly rational, intelligent arguments that can be made against the Iraq war, the Bush Doctrine, or the national-security strategy. The problem is, Soros isn’t making these arguments. Instead, he’s on a one-man crusade against a president who sees things in black and white. He’s incensed about a president who believes that there is a truth, saw a problem, and decided to take action.

This is, of course, terribly ironic–-after all, the Bush administration has spent the past few months swatting off charges that they distorted the truth to get into Iraq. For Soros, though, WMDs and stretched intelligence are peripheral issues. Our action in Iraq may have been flawed, but he doesn’t spend a lot of time offering plausible alternatives. That’s because, for him, this really isn’t about the war. It’s a personal problem.

To be fair to Soros, he is, as he says, “putting his money where his mouth is.” He has a charitable foundation which, I hope, makes life better for many people. That’s wonderful. I can’t bash it.

But the philosophy and motivations behind his current crusade are alarming–-and if people take them seriously, that’s downright scary.

However, when I think about it, I can’t be too hard on George Soros. He did, after all, make me feel a whole lot better about George W. Bush.

–Heather Wilhelm is a writer based in Chicago.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
25026,"The Eurasianist Threat

Putin’s ambitions extend far beyond Ukraine.

By Robert Zubrin — March 3, 2014

As the Putin regime invades Ukraine, it has become apparent that a new force for evil has emerged in Moscow. It is essential that Americans become aware of the nature of the threat.

Putin is sometimes described as a revanchist, seeking to recreate the Soviet Union. That is a useful shorthand, but it is not really accurate. Putin and many of his gang may have once been Communists, but they are not that today. Rather, they have embraced a new totalitarian political ideology known as “Eurasianism.”

The roots of Eurasianism go back to czarist émigrés interacting with fascist thinkers in between-the-wars France and Germany. But in recent years, its primary exponent has been the very prominent and prolific political theorist Aleksandr Dugin.

Born in 1962, Dugin was admitted to the Moscow Aviation Institute in 1979, but then was expelled because of his involvement with mystic neo-Nazi groups. He then spent the Eighties hanging around monarchist and ultra-right-wing circles, before joining for a while​ Gennady Ziuganov’s Communist Party of the Russian Federation (CPRF, a neo-Stalinist group partially descended from, but not to be confused with, the previously ruling Communist Party of the Soviet Union, CPSU), after which he became a founder and chief ideologue of the Eurasianist National Bolshevik Party (NBP) in 1994.

Nazism, it will be recalled, was an abbreviation for National Socialism. National Bolshevism, therefore, put itself forth as an ideology that relates to National Socialism in much the same way as Bolshevism relates to Socialism. This open self-identification with Nazism is also shown clearly in the NBP flag, which looks exactly like a Nazi flag, with a red background surrounding a white circle, except that the black swastika at the center is replaced by a black hammer and sickle.

Dugin ran for the Duma on the NBP ticket in 1995, but got only 1 percent of the vote. So, switching tactics, he abandoned the effort to build his own splinter party and instead adopted the more productive strategy of becoming the idea man for all the bigger parties, including Putin’s United Russia, Ziuganov’s CPRF, and Vladimir Zhirinovsky’s ultranationalist Liberal Democratic Party of Russia. In this role he has succeeded brilliantly.

The core idea of Dugin’s Eurasianism is that “liberalism” (by which is meant the entire Western consensus) represents an assault on the traditional hierarchical organization of the world. Repeating the ideas of Nazi theorists Karl Haushofer, Rudolf Hess, Carl Schmitt, and Arthur Moeller van der Bruck, Dugin says that this liberal threat is not new, but is the ideology of the maritime cosmopolitan power “Atlantis,” which has conspired to subvert more conservative land-based societies since ancient times. Accordingly, he has written books in which he has reconstructed the entire history of the world as a continuous battle between these two factions, from Rome v. Carthage to Russia v. the Anglo Saxon “Atlantic Order,” today. If Russia is to win this fight against the subversive oceanic bearers of such “racist” (because foreign-imposed) ideas as human rights, however, it must unite around itself all the continental powers, including Germany, Central and Eastern Europe, the former Soviet republics, Turkey, Iran, and Korea, into a grand Eurasian Union strong enough to defeat the West.

In order to be so united, this Eurasian Union will need a defining ideology, and for this purpose Dugin has developed a new “Fourth Political Theory” combining all the strongest points of Communism, Nazism, Ecologism, and Traditionalism, thereby allowing it to appeal to the adherents of all of these diverse anti-liberal creeds. He would adopt Communism’s opposition to free enterprise. However, he would drop the Marxist commitment to technological progress, a liberal-derived ideal, in favor of Ecologism’s demagogic appeal to stop the advance of industry and modernity. From Traditionalism, he derives a justification for stopping free thought. All the rest is straight out of Nazism, ranging from legal theories justifying unlimited state power and the elimination of individual rights, to the need for populations “rooted” in the soil, to weird gnostic ideas about the secret origin of the Aryan race in the North Pole.

The open devotion to Nazism in Dugin’s thought is remarkable. In his writings he celebrates the Waffen SS, murderers of millions of Russians during the war, as an ideal organization. He also approves of the most extreme crimes of Communism, going so far as to endorse the horrific 1937 purges that killed, among numerous other talented and loyal Soviet citizens, nearly the entire leadership of the Red Army — something that Stalin himself later had second thoughts about.

What Russia needs, says Dugin, is a “genuine, true, radically revolutionary and consistent, fascist fascism.” On the other hand, “Liberalism, is an absolute evil. . . . Only a global crusade against the U.S., the West, globalization, and their political-ideological expression, liberalism, is capable of becoming an adequate response. . . . The American empire should be destroyed.”

This is the ideology behind the Putin regime’s “Eurasian Union” project. It is to this dark program, which threatens not only the prospects for freedom in Ukraine and Russia, but the peace of the world, that former Ukrainian president Victor Yanukovych tried to sell “his” country. It is against this program that the courageous protesters in the Maidan took their stand and — with scandalously little help from the West — somehow miraculously prevailed. But now the chips are really down. The Ukrainians are being faced not with riot police, but with Russian divisions, subversion, and economic warfare. The country needs to be stabilized, and defended. The Ukrainians deserve our full support — and not just for reasons of sympathy for those resisting tyranny or respect for the brave. It is in the vital interest of America that freedom triumphs in Ukraine.

Without Ukraine, Dugin’s fascist Eurasian Union project is impossible, and sooner or later Russia itself will have to join the West and become free, leaving only a few despised and doomed islands of tyranny around the globe. But with Ukraine underfoot, the Eurasianists’ program can and will proceed, and a new Iron Curtain will fall into place imprisoning a large fraction of humanity in the grip of a monstrous totalitarian power that will become the arsenal of evil around the world for decades to come. That means another Cold War, trillions of dollars wasted on arms, accelerated growth of the national-security state at home, repeated proxy conflicts costing millions of lives abroad, and civilization itself placed at risk should a single misstep in the endless insane great-power game precipitate the locked and loaded confrontation into a thermonuclear exchange.

The 20th century saw three great-power confrontations. Two of them turned into total war. We lucked out on the third. Do we really want to roll those dice again? We will have to, unless the Eurasianist program is stopped.

The stakes in Ukraine could not be higher.

— Robert Zubrin is president of Pioneer Energy and the author of Energy Victory. The paperback edition of his latest book, Merchants of Despair: Radical Environmentalists, Criminal Pseudo-Scientists, and the Fatal Cult of Antihumanism, has just been published by Encounter Books.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
323220,"There’s a big battle brewing in the Jefferson County, Colo., school system. The manufactured controversy over a proposed curriculum review is generating national headlines. But the fight is not about what misguided students and biased reporters say it’s about. “Censorship” is a red herring. The real issue is union control.

Here’s the deal: Public-school teachers in this Denver-area district walked out of their classrooms this week to protest the implementation of performance-based pay. The JeffCo school board approved the new compensation system last week; it rewards the most highly effective teachers with 4.2 percent raises, effective teachers with 2.4 percent raises, and inferior teachers with nothing. Only 2 percent of teachers received no pay raises.

One fact the grievance-mongering teachers conveniently left out of their politicized pep talks to student sympathizers: The board gave bonuses to 450 teachers who would have otherwise received no raises under the union’s arbitrary step scale. The old system didn’t take performance into any consideration at all.

Despite the hefty rewards for teacher competence and excellence, disgruntled union leaders called for a strike last Friday (or, as they prefer to whitewash it, a “sickout”). The Big Labor avengers succeeded in shutting down two schools — and enlisting students to protest with them. But the optics of robbing kids of valuable educational time to protest an $$18.2 million salary compensation package did not play well with taxpayers.

Enter the “censorship” fakeout.

At the same board meeting where the new pay system was approved, elected school-board members heard a proposal to form a curriculum-review committee. Under the Colorado state constitution, elected local school boards are responsible for instructional and curriculum matters. It’s their duty. The proposal called for the creation of a new, nine-member panel “to review curricular choices for conformity to JeffCo academic standards, accuracy and omissions, and to inform the board of any objectionable materials.”

The panel’s first review items would be the elementary-school health curriculum and the A.P. U.S. History (APUSH) curriculum, which has undergone a radical revamp over the past few years.

The chief architect of the APUSH revisions is David Coleman, a progressive ideologue who is also one of the prime movers and shakers behind the Common Core Standards scheme. Objections to the shoddy, intrusive, costly, top-down, backroom-designed Common Core agenda cross party lines. Rank-and-file teachers across the country have joined a diverse anti–Common Core coalition of parents, administrators, scholars, grassroots activists, privacy advocates, and anti-cronyism watchdogs.

The JeffCo school board takes its deliberative role seriously. The proposal is the opposite of censorship. The debate over history standards is part of a wider battle between left-leaning militant teachers’ unions, who explicitly see their primary role as Saul Alinsky–type political agitators, and those who want to restore academic excellence, rigor, and ideological balance in the schools.

While every liberal “-ism” has been incorporated into the school day — from environmentalism and collectivism to social justice activism to mandatory volunteerism, feminism, and transgenderism — JeffCo school-board members are now being mocked for simply proposing that citizenship, individualism, and patriotism have a fundamental place at the schoolteacher’s table.

Somehow, this perfectly reasonable proposal morphed into “JeffCo wants to remove slavery from the history curriculum!” Next thing you know, students were walking out of class two days in a row this week with “We (Heart) Our Teachers” signs. And the liberal Denver Post was running propaganda stories on Twitter mockery of the school board.

“It upsets me greatly to see children being used as pawns and missing educational time,” school-board president Ken Witt told me. He adds, “We’re not just going to rubber-stamp” the top-down APUSH changes. But the bigger picture, Witt points out, is that the district’s “union contract expires in August. It will be entirely redrafted.” The agitators’ ultimate goal is “to create turmoil and discredit the board before those negotiations.”

And they are trying to do so by any means necessary — including misleading kids, spreading falsehoods in the classroom, and instigating walkouts through student-managed organizing websites.

The parting words of former top National Education Association lawyer Bob Chanin when he retired five years ago in explaining the union’s main agenda say it all. After calling conservative opponents “bastards,” he said: “This is not to say that the concern of NEA and its affiliates with closing achievement gaps, reducing dropout rates, improving teacher quality and the like are unimportant or inappropriate. To the contrary — these are the goals that guide the work we do. But they need not and must not be achieved at the expense of due process, employee rights and collective bargaining. That simply is too high a price to pay.”

Listen up, class. For public-employee union leaders, it’s not really about the children or academic excellence or curricular freedom. It’s about their own political self-preservation. Always.

— Michelle Malkin is the author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and His Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks and Cronies (Regnery, 2010). Her e-mail address is [email protected]. © 2014 Creators.com",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434763,"Plus one article on Google Plus

The period for submitting public comments to the Department of Health and Human Services on the HHS mandate closed last week, but you can still submit comments on the mandate (and/or religious freedom generally) to the U.S.Commission on Civil Rights until April 21 by e-mailing them to [email protected].

Does the mandate burden your free exercise of religion? Is the mandate necessary to protect women against discrimination? Is the Obama administration’s accommodation reasonable?

Your comments will inform the commission’s report on these matters.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
484312,"Treasury Secretary Jack Lew did his best to spin the underwhelming launch of the Obamacare-exchange websites on Fox News Sunday, declining to say how many people signed up for health-care plans.

“We saw 7 million people rush to go onto the webpage to find out — what are their choices in this new marketplace to buy affordable health care?” he said. “They have six months to sign up. This is a big decision.”

When host Chris Wallace asked Lew what Americans should make of the website’s unimpressive launch, Lew shrugged it off by noting that major software companies often update their products. And despite repeated questioning from Wallace, Lew refused to say how many Americans have signed up for plans in the exchanges: “I don’t have the exact number, but . . . it’s the wrong question,” Lew said.

Wallace wondered if it was because Lew didn’t know the actual number, which the Obama administration has failed to reveal, or whether that number was “embarrassingly small,” but Lew continued to punt.

“The fact that so many millions of people rushed to get information is a very good sign,” he said. “That shows how much interest there is in getting health care.”

Media outlets have struggled to find people who have actually enrolled in the federally run exchanges.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330089,"Rock The Dubya

The last refuge of aging hipsters.

By Windsor Mann — September 29, 2005

In a scene at the end of the movie Austin Powers, Dr. Evil remarks: “There is nothing more pathetic than an aging hipster.” Though Dr. Evil is not a real medical doctor, his diagnosis was correct, and it can even be extended to real life. Dr. Evil could just as easily have been talking to the Rolling Stones.

With this month’s release of their first studio album in eight years, the Rolling Stones are struggling to remain hip at a time when their hips need replacing. For the most part, they have succeeded thanks to some political controversy resulting from their new song, “Sweet Neo Con,” which takes an apparent swipe at the Bush administration (“You call yourself a Christian, I call you a hypocrite / You call yourself a patriot, well I think you’re full of sh**”). The song may target neoconservatives, but it never names any names–a shrewd move for a band wanting attention but not outraged fans.

The Stones have put themselves on the front pages without putting themselves under fire because denouncing neocons allows them to be edgy without going over the edge. As recent history has shown, this is the surest and safest way to rescue one’s fading career from permanent decline. Nowadays, Bush bashing is the last refuge of the has-been scoundrel, the panacea for pop stars of the past.

Over the last three years, one band after another, each presumably aware of its decline, has jumped on the anti-Bush bandwagon. To prove that they are healed, aging hipsters must first prove that they are sick–sick, anyway, of the war and President Bush. As long as they are still singing, they figure, the fat lady won’t be. As the president’s popularity has declined, along with public support for the war, Bush bashing has become more common, acceptable, and fashionable. And as demand has increased, so has supply.

Three years ago, we saw the first signs of the “aging hipster” syndrome when Steve Earle released a song called “John Walker’s Blues,” in which he laments the fate of the American Taliban. This song was followed by “The Revolution Starts… Now”, an entire album dedicated to–or more precisely, against–George W. Bush.

The antiwar gimmick is not a gimme, however, as the Dixie Chicks and Madonna taught us in early 2003. In the days leading up to the U.S. intervention in Iraq, Madonna decided at the last minute to pull a controversial music video depicting a George W. Bush look-alike getting blown up by a grenade. Having seen the backlash created by Dixie Chicks singer Natalie Maines’s comment that her band was “ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas,” Madonna evidently feared similar recriminations of being called anti-American at a time when a majority of Americans strongly supported the war. Ultimately, though, she didn’t need to air the video; the mere possibility of airing it stirred up enough controversy and chatter so as to shoot her album, American Life, to the top of the billboard charts in countries all across the globe. Even so, American Life has sold fewer copies than any of her previous albums (with only 657,000 copies sold in the U.S., as opposed to the three million copies sold of her previous album, Music, according to Wikipedia).

It was not long after this flop that Madonna reverted to her old playbook for her next publicity stunt when, during a performance at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards, she and the younger Britney Spears kissed onstage. This time her message was, like her, an old one: Make love not war. (At least she practices what she preaches.)

Given her penchant for reinventing herself, Madonna, who celebrated her 47th birthday last month, is probably in better shape, physically and professionally, than are most of her contemporaries. Fortunately for her, sex sells. And selling sex rather than politics is something she can always fall back on whenever she is falling off the charts–or out of bed. Madonna’s image, like a virgin, always seems to be doing something for the first time.

For other musicians resisting a fate of obscurity, the lesson of the Madonna episode was not simply that she had chickened out to pro-war chicken hawks or to depraved public opinion. Nor was it that she was the victim of government censorship. On the contrary, the lesson was that the fate of the Dixie Chicks was not the inevitable result of antiwar or anti-Bush criticism.

As a result, bands increasingly sought a middle ground by which they could criticize Bush and the war in their songs without being so offensive as to invite a hostile response. When trying to resuscitate a dying career, the last thing a band wants is to be killed in the process. Thus, it is not surprising that more and more musicians have begun to shy away from previous in-your-face attacks on the commander- (and consumers-) in-chief. After all, Bush supporters buy records, too.

“Sweet Neo Con,” like other politically driven songs in recent years, is intended to create just enough controversy to attract much-needed publicity, but without creating too much. That is why in an interview on the syndicated TV show Extra last month, Mick Jagger insisted that the song “is not really aimed at anyone. It’s not aimed, personally aimed, at President Bush.” Later, in an interview with the Boston Globe, Jagger refused “to elaborate further on ‘Neo Con.’ I think I’ve said enough,” he demurred. To demonstrate his pro-American credentials, Jagger avowed, “I’m not at all anti-American. I love America and I love all the American culture and history, and I spend a lot of time here, and four of my children have American passports. God bless them.” Speaking from the same talking points, Keith Richards said the song was “about a certain mind-set. I’ll leave it at that.” Having already received the attention they wanted, the Stones subsequently backed off from the chance to create any further controversy. They didn’t need it.

Interestingly, Green Day employed the very same approach in 2004 upon the release of their controversial song, “American Idiot.” This song gave Green Day, whose heyday was ten years earlier, what it had previously lacked–a political message “that definitely declares ourselves the opposition,” as Green Day bassist Mike Dirnt explained. Yet, just as Mick Jagger recently insisted that “Sweet Neo Con” is “not really aimed at anyone,” Dirnt was similarly quick in pointing out that Green Day was not “out to topple President Bush.” He and his fellow band members repeatedly emphasized that nowhere on the album do they ever mention President Bush specifically by name. Instead, the song opts for snarky generalizations: “Don’t wanna be an American idiot / Don’t want a nation under the new media / … I’m not part of a redneck agenda.” Like “Sweet Neo Con,” Green Day’s “American Idiot” only vaguely and indirectly aims at its targets.

“American Idiot,” according to Dirnt, is “actually more of a personal perspective of feeling disenfranchised and losing your individuality, about being pissed off and scared and all of that.” Whatever that is supposed to mean, at least it means something. Though Green Day’s political message is unclear, at least they have one (which is something one cannot say about the Democratic party). All in all, Dirnt concluded, “Whatever we’re saying, we’re saying it more directly than most people, and I think that’s what’s shocking people” (i.e., getting us attention). Hence, aging hipsters have found a cure for their disease.

Also resurfacing on the music scene last year were the Beastie Boys, a hip-hop trio consisting of “boys” in their forties. After having not been heard from in six years, the group released To the 5 Boroughs, an album laced with high political ambitions (“Maybe it’s time we impeach the Tex”). Like Green Day, the Beastie Boys found it easy to make political statements without necessarily saying anything beyond what their tired rhyming schemes would allow (“Who got the chance to make things right? / Why the politicians always want to fight? / The Christian coalition and the right wing ooooh!”). The only thing that is clear from their lyrics is that whereas two decades ago the Beastie Boys were busy fighting for their right to party, these days they are fighting against the religious Right and the Republican party.

From Steve Earle’s John Walker’s Blues to the Beastie Boys’ Boroughs, from Madonna’s American Life to Green Day’s American Idiot, and from the Stone Age to the Rolling Stones (or is it the other way around?), Americans have been treated to a barrage of anti-Bush ballads all bordering on the quasi-controversial. Each new anti-establishment song is so like the one before that the anti-establishment has become the new (or old) establishment.

To “rock against Bush” is to scream for attention, and screaming for attention is, in many ways, shouting for help. That is, after all, what sickly people do when existing remedies fail them. And like many old people in poor health, hipsters get grumpier with age (which explains why the Beastie Boys are licensed to ill).

Though modern-day antiwar music spans many different genres, one common thread unites the musicians: They are all aging, fading, and facing imminent decline. This is not to say, however, that the Rolling Stones do not still command a massive following or that the Material Girl is eternally devoid of material to sing about. Nevertheless, it is probably safe to assume that those who today are “rocking against Bush” are not too far off from the day when the only rocking they’ll be doing is in rocking chairs.

As aging hipsters transition from their glory days to their final days, dropping no longer acid but instead Centrum Silver, they should consider whether taking Parthian shots at neocons is really the cure they need. Because, as Francis Bacon once said, sometimes the remedy is worse than the disease. Therefore, rather than spending the remainder of their musical careers searching for hipness, maybe they should start looking for what they really need: hip replacements.

– Windsor Mann is a freelance writer living in Washington, D.C.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
904566,"Hillary’s Surprising Weakness in Virginia

By Jim Geraghty — April 27, 2015

The Washington Post:

Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio are all neck-and-neck with the Democratic frontrunner in a new poll of Virginia voters from the Wason Center at Christopher Newport University. Only against Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker does Clinton lead by more than four percentage points. Bush leads her by two points in the poll.

A quick point: The final Christopher Newport poll of the 2014 cycle put Democrat Mark Warner ahead of Ed Gillespie in the Senate race by 7 points. Warner won the Senate race by eight-tenths of a percentage point. Give CNU a bit of credit; they were one of the only pollsters to have Warner’s margin in single digits.

This doesn’t mean that the Republican candidates would beat Hillary if the election were held today. It simply means that sometimes the Virginia electorate can surprise us. But a lot of the talk about 2016 has suggested that the Republican candidate will face a steep climb in Virginia, and that may not be the case after all.

UPDATE: A wise Virginia mind reaches out and reminds me that the poll is “based on 658 interviews of registered Virginia voters, including 388 on landline and 270 on cell phone, conducted April 13-24, 2015.” An eleven-day window for polling is pretty wide, and you have to wonder if Hillary’s numbers dipped significantly as stories about her dominated the headlines. Her polling numbers on those last few days must have been terrible . . .",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
131778,"Will Florida Be Next to Bow Down to Obamacare?

By Mario Loyola — February 20, 2013

I have argued that states must forge a united front against Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion. Without that coordination, each state is reduced to an isolated prisoners’ dilemma, and all of them will end up worse off than if they stood together.

Well, now the rumor is that Florida governor Rick Scott could announce as early as tomorrow that his state will also accept Medicaid expansion. Seven GOP states have already announced that they will bow down to federal overreach and expand Medicaid – Nevada, New Mexico, Arizona, Montana, North Dakota, Michigan, and, most recently, Ohio.

When Ohio announced that it would go along with Medicaid expansion, the editors had a sharp reaction. Avik Roy chimed in arguing that Ohio governor John Kasich’s case for caving in was misleading. Conservatives had a particularly bad reaction to Ohio’s announcement because, unlike the other six, it’s a big state that doesn’t have the excuse of being a basket case. Conservatives across the country are counting on states like that to stand up to Washington.

Instead, Ohio went for the money. And mind you, it’s not “free money.” It’s basically stolen money, however constitutional the practice may be under current Supreme Court decisions. The grand theft here is that Congress is going to tax states for the Medicaid expansion whether they participate in it or not; and if they don’t participate, all that money will just go to other states — that’s the penalty. Ohio made its announcement knowing that most other conservative states had already declared against Medicaid expansion, and must have known that it stood to gain huge sums forcibly transferred from those other states. And that’s just shameful.

Any state that accepts Medicaid expansion is basically giving up its health-care freedom and mortgaging its fiscal future in order to take the federal offer of billions forcibly transferred from hard-working families in Texas, Wisconsin, Louisiana, and the other states that have announced their opposition to Obamacare.

The reason why it’s so urgent for the remaining red states to coordinate a united front against Medicaid expansion, is that Congress will be forced to revisit the entire law if half the states refuse the Medicaid expansion.

So let’s hope the rumors about Florida breaking ranks with its sister red states aren’t true. If they are, the conservative movement will suffer the most grievous blow since the Supreme Court’s decision upholding Obamacare last year. And the folks in Tallahassee should expect a particularly bad reaction.

— Mario Loyola is director of the Center for Tenth Amendment Studies at the Texas Public Policy Foundation.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
602607,"Opponents of the Senate Gang of Eight legislation have long been wary of the House leadership’s intentions with respect to immigration reform. They are perhaps even more skeptical now that proponents are already downplaying the odds of success.

House Budget Committee chairman Paul Ryan (R., Wis.), one of the most prominent GOP advocates for comprehensive immigration reform, told ABC News’s George Stephanopoulos on Sunday that reform’s prospects were “clearly in doubt.”

Opponents of comprehensive reform say they have reason to suspect a ruse. For example, the fate of the Gang of Eight legislation was frequently called into question, even though its eventual passage (requiring only one GOP vote in addition to the four Republican Gang members) was all but assured.

Republicans delivered 14 votes for the legislation after what opponents described as a manufactured panic over a lack of border security, which was eventually resolved by an amendment to double the existing number of Border Patrol agents, an increase that the union representing those agents does not think it has the capacity to take on. Senate Democrats were also said to be divided on the issue, but when the bill did pass in June 2013, they backed in unanimously.

Since then, reform has been pronounced dead on numerous occasions. House GOP leaders said they wouldn’t take up the issue in 2013, and proponents considered the likelihood of tackling it during an election year to be almost zero. Politico’s Mike Allen and Jim VandeHei wrote in September that action on immigration reform was likely dead until 2017.

Immigration reform was declared dead in November after House speaker John Boehner (R., Ohio) ruled out entering a conference committee with the Senate. However, the issue was revived once again at last week’s House GOP retreat in Cambridge, Md., where party leaders unveiled a set of principles for reform that could pave the way for House legislation and an eventual compromise with the Senate. By doing so, they have at least signaled their intention to act and have raised expectations among reform proponents, even if Boehner remains opposed to a conference with the Senate.

That is why reform skeptics are unfazed by notes of caution from people like Ryan. “Nobody opposed to the Senate bill is taking these so-called principles lightly,” says Dan Holler, communication director for Heritage Action. “If you put out these principles and are willing to divide the party over this issue, you don’t do that unless you’re willing to move.”

Representative John Fleming (R., La.) says that many House Republicans are more skeptical of pursuing immigration reform after watching the issue play out in the Senate, where the legislative process was reminiscent of Obamacare, and promises of a “border security first” approach were not fulfilled. These members also watched as Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, the Gang of Eight’s most prominent GOP member, was hammered in the polls for supporting the bill.border-se

“What happened in the Senate has created more opposition in the House,” Fleming says. “It created a chill in the House, for anybody who maybe was open to some form of compromise. We saw how bad legislation could be created.”

Representative Mo Brooks (R., Ala.), who has rallied a number of House Republicans against comprehensive immigration reform on populist grounds, says the Senate experience taught him and other opponents “to be very skeptical of those who say the game is over and we’re not going to proceed, and skeptical when House leadership says they will not blindside us.”

“If the House leadership is going to respect the wishes of the majority of Republican House members, then immigration is dead in 2014,” Brooks says. “The big question is whether House leadership is going to respect the wishes of the Republican majority, and I can’t answer that.”

Brooks says House Republicans are “pretty united” against taking action on immigration reform this year, driven by a deep distrust of President Obama and his commitment to enforcing new border-security laws, but he concedes that “it’s still a very fluid situation.”

“We have kind of a loose-knit group of people who are in wait-and-see mode,” Fleming says. “If leadership were to move forward, this group and probably others would coalesce.” He recalls that during a recent meeting of the Republican Study Committee before the GOP retreat, rank-and-file members were “overwhelmingly opposed” to moving forward on immigration reform.

One GOP aide following the immigration debate says proponents of reform have good reason to “cool things down” by lowering expectations in the week ahead. “Obama didn’t talk about immigration reform much in his State of the Union address, and that’s because he wants to give House leaders the space they need to advance legislation,” the aide says. “I think any effort to downplay the issue is being done with a similar motivation in mind.”

— Andrew Stiles is a political reporter for National Review Online.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
905045,"In Impromptus today, I mention I saw a sign advertising flights “from Clinton to Reagan” — from Clinton Airport in Little Rock to Reagan Airport in Washington, D.C. I further say, “I wonder how Reagan would feel about that. I wonder how the Clintons feel about an airport named after Reagan.” (The Little Rock airport is named after both Clintons, by the way.)

Let me share a memory here on the Corner: When National Airport was being named for Reagan — and we could debate, or re-debate, the appropriateness of that move — a colleague of mine said, “Just imagine: If you go from Washington to Orange County, you’re going from Ronald Reagan to John Wayne.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
401017,"Obamacare Is Dead

It doesn’t work because it couldn’t work.

By Kevin D. Williamson — November 4, 2015

Regardless of whether there is a President Cruz or a President Rubio in January 2017, regardless of the existence or size of a Republican majority in Congress, the so-called Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) has failed. The grand vision of an efficient pseudo-market in health insurance under enlightened federal management — the heart of Obamacare — is not coming to pass. Obamacare, meaning the operating model that undergirded the law that Congress passed and President Barack Obama signed with great fanfare — is dead, and it will not be revived. What remains is fitful chaos.

A brief refresher:

The fundamental problem with ACA is that under it, insurance ceases to be insurance. Insurance is a prospective financial product, one that exploits the mathematical predictability of certain life events among very large groups of people — out of 1 million 40-to-60-year-old Americans, x percent will get in car wrecks every year, and y percent will be diagnosed with chronic renal failure — which allows actuaries and the insurance companies that employ them to calculate premiums based on risk, thus funding the reimbursement of certain expenses incurred by the insurance pool’s members. Insurance is, by its very nature, always forward-looking, considering events that have yet to come to pass but that may be expected and, to a reasonable extent, predicted with some level of specificity. Under ACA, insurance is retrospective. ACA mandates that insurance companies cover pre-existing conditions, meaning events that already have happened, which renders the basic mathematical architecture of insurance — the calculation of risk among large pools of people — pointless. Insurance ceases to be insurance and instead becomes something else, namely a very badly constructed cost-sharing program.

RELATED: Obamacare Is Still Failing

Not all cost-sharing programs are bad ideas. Medi-Share, for example, is precisely the sort of voluntary, privately administered mutual-aid program that could — and, I believe, will — end up displacing government-run health-care programs entirely. But Obamacare is a very different kind of beast: It creates a deeply perverse incentive structure by combining compulsory coverage of pre-existing conditions with a mandate that is enforced in theory more than in fact. The mandate is necessary to prevent the ruthless exploitation of the preexisting-coverage rules: If insurers have to cover you no matter what, then there’s no point in buying insurance — thereby sharing in the costs — until you are sick enough to need it.

As James Freeman reports in the Wall Street Journal, the ACA’s plethora of exemptions — there are at least 30 of them — ensure that a great many people — 12 million last year — will simply opt out. “It is easy to avoid or limit exposure to the penalty with some simple tax planning,” he writes. In 2016, there were supposed to be 21 million people enrolled in ACA programs; the Obama administration currently predicts that the actual number will be somewhat less than half of that. This was entirely predictable; in fact, it was predicted in the pages of National Review, in my book The End Is Near (and It’s Going to Be Awesome), and elsewhere.

RELATED: What’s Wrong with Obamacare

Many of Obamacare’s failures came fast and early. Strike one: “If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.” Strike two: Obamacare will save “the average family $$2,500 a year on their premiums.” Strike three: Obamacare will add “not one dime” to the deficit. We all knew that was coming, just as we knew that people would respond to the very strong incentives not to buy insurance by not buying insurance.

Other failures took longer to become manifest. The architects of Obamacare are deeply distrustful of the role of for-profit companies in the health-care business because, in their nearly pristine ignorance, they falsely believe profits to be net deductions from the sum of the public good rather than measures of the creation of real social value. So they created incentives to set up co-ops, nonprofit enterprises that would administer Obamacare plans in particular states and jurisdictions. It was obvious from the beginning that if Obamacare’s perverse incentives created insurance pools that were older and sicker rather than younger and healthier, these co-ops wouldn’t be economically viable: You need lots of young, healthy insurance subscribers to offset the costs associated with your older, sicker subscribers. Many of us — myself included — assumed that the federal government under President Obama would simply write these co-ops huge checks to keep them afloat. We were half right: The government is writing them huge checks, but they are failing anyway, so fundamental is their economic unsustainability. Half of the co-ops have gone belly-up already, including large, prominent, splendidly subsidized ones in Kentucky, New York, Louisiana, and South Carolina. Hundreds of thousands of customers have lost their coverage as a result. Hundreds of millions of dollars in taxpayers’ money has been poured into these enterprises, to no avail.

Obamacare’s partisans were confronted with the economic facts long before the law was even passed, and their answer was: “Never mind the economics, we’re the good guys, and you want poor people to die.” Democrats argued that Republicans literally wanted to kill poor people, that their plan was for the poor to “die quickly.” This is a habitual mode of discourse among progressives: Reality doesn’t matter; only the purity of Democrats’ motives matters. Obamacare is what it is: Another damned five-year plan based on wishful thinking and very little else.

The fact is that Obamacare has fallen apart without Republicans’ dismantling it. Almost all of its basic promises have failed, it is an economic shambles, and it is a political mess: Unsurprisingly, people still don’t like it. Less than a third of Americans support the individual mandate, three-fourths oppose Obamacare’s tax on high-end health-care programs, and more voters oppose the law categorically than support it. A quarter of voters say the law has hurt them personally. The question isn’t why Republicans haven’t gotten around to repealing and replacing it — the answer to that question resides at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue for a while, still — the question is when Democrats will get around to admitting that, purity of their hearts notwithstanding, they and they alone — not one Republican voted for Obamacare — have created a mess that has introduced nothing to American health care except chaos.

RELATED: Obama Enters a Downward Spiral as Co-ops Fail and Enrollment Slows

The basic principles of meaningful health-care reform are these: Let insurance be insurance; understand that ordinary, regular medical procedures, such as physicals and prostate exams, are not insurable events, and account for that in your calculations; the only way to mitigate the effects of scarcity on health care is to make it less scarce by expanding the supply of medical practitioners and facilities; the only way to make insurance more competitive, and therefore more affordable and more responsive to consumers, is to increase the number of players in the markets; the best way to deal with people who are, for example, profoundly disabled, children, or otherwise unable to provide for their own care, is direct, clear-eyed subsidy of their medical expenses, rather than laundering those payments through the insurance market; so long as practicing medicine pays less than filing frivolous lawsuits against doctors, there’s going to be a lot of politically induced inefficiency in the system.

Of course markets work for most people, and of course there are exceptions to that. For 93 percent of the population, the solution to health-care reform is: Let markets do their thing. The only real argument is how big a check to write to those looking after the other 7 percent, and how to structure the payments. That’s a real fight, too, but it isn’t the one we’re having. Right now, the Republicans and the Democrats are two political coroners arguing over what time and cause of death to put on the paperwork; rigor mortis set in long ago.

— Kevin D. Williamson is roving correspondent at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
905011,"A good deal of mail has come in, concerning New York. (The third part of my series “The Fate of New York” appears today, here.) There have been many testimonials: “Let me tell you what I experienced in the bad old days. Let me tell you how I’ve been living lately.” And then there is this brief, rather poignant statement about the future:

There are times when you know exactly what is going to transpire and unfortunately cannot change the outcome. I keep telling anyone who will listen to enjoy New York while you can. I lived in New York before Giuliani and Bloomberg. I know what it was like, and I know what it took to do something about it, and I know how it can all go bad again. Really a shame that people cannot learn from history.

I sometimes joke — it is only half a joke — that the problem with the world is that people keep being born. We are born, of course, knowing nothing. And it’s up to older others to pass along what they know. For various reasons, this process often fails. The lessons of history don’t take.

As I pointed out earlier this week, you can be a native New Yorker 25 years old, and have no idea how it was before Rudy and Bloomy. You may consider harmony normal. And, as Myron Magnet has pointed out, New York has always been “a city of newcomers.”

The man who will probably be our next mayor, Bill de Blasio, is almost a perfect leftist. He and his wife even honeymooned in the Castros’ Cuba. This reminded me of Pierre Trudeau, of whom it has been said, “It tells you everything that he honeymooned in the Soviet Union.”

Actually, he and Margaret took their trip a couple of months after the wedding. But the trip had its romantic aspect, as well as an official one. Plus, Trudeau adored the Soviet Union. He praised and envied its accomplishments. He bitterly regretted its collapse. And he admired Communist dictatorship in general. He asked Fidel Castro to be a pallbearer at his funeral. And he was. Thus do democratic leaders perfume and legitimate dictators.

Here is an uncomfortable question, liable to be damned as McCarthyite by those who don’t want to address it: If the likes of Trudeau and de Blasio were born under Communist dictatorship, what would they do in their adult lives? Would they be in opposition, even in jail? Would they be in government? Or would they be somewhere in between?

I can’t say with confidence that de Blasio wouldn’t be in the government, or that Trudeau wouldn’t have been.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
699836,"Great White Father

By Michael Walsh — July 16, 2012

Fascinating, politically incorrect science developments from the Pacific Northwest. From the Register:

The ancient people who have long been thought to be the first humans to colonise North America were actually johnny-come-latelies, according to scientists… The new revelations come to us courtesy of Copenhagen university, where some of the investigating boffins are based. The scientists say that their results demonstrate conclusively their somewhat controversial thesis: that the “Clovis” culture dating from around 13,000 years ago – which has long been thought to be the earliest human society in the Americas – was actually preceded by human habitation at the Paisley caves in Oregon…

When it comes to the Indians, the Left’s unhelpful grievance industry is predicated on first-possession principles. But what if Native Americans aren’t, you know, the original native Americans? Or shared the continent with others?

According to a Copenhagen uni statement: The new study refutes every one of the critics’ arguments and uses overwhelming archaeological, stratigraphic, DNA and radiocarbon evidence to conclusively state that humans — and ones totally unrelated to Clovis peoples — were present at Paisley Caves over a millennium before Clovis. “During our excavations in the Paisley Caves we’ve found a completely different type of dart points,” enthuses Jenkins. “These new points are of a completely different construction from those found in the Clovis culture. As our radiocarbon dating shows, the new finds are as old, or possibly older than the Clovis finds, this proves that the Clovis culture cannot have been the ‘Mother technology’ for all other technologies in America. Our results show, that America was colonized by multiple cultures at the same time. And some perhaps even earlier than Clovis.” “Humans were present in North America at least one thousand years before Clovis and these earlier peoples probably had no technological or genetic similarity to the iconic Clovis Culture,” adds the prof’s colleague Thomas Stafford. “The Clovis First debate has ended. The theory is now dead and buried.”

The New York Times, somewhat uncomfortably, asymptotically moves toward the same conclusion:

Stone spearheads and human DNA found in Oregon caves, anthropologists say, have produced firmer evidence that these are the oldest directly dated remains of people in North America. They also show that at least two cultures with distinct technologies — not a single one, as had been supposed — shared the continent more than 13,000 years ago . . . The new research, based on the recent discovery of the artifacts and more refined radiocarbon dating tests, established that the cave dwellers who made the Western Stemmed points overlapped or possibly preceded the Clovis artisans elsewhere, the scientists reported in a paper published online Thursday by the journal Science. “These two distinct technologies were parallel developments, not the product of a unilinear technological evolution,” the research team, led by Dennis L. Jenkins of the University of Oregon, concluded in the report. “The colonization of the Americas involved multiple technologically divergent, and possibly genetically divergent, founding groups.”

“Genetically divergent?” Remember Kennewick Man? Here’s anthropologist James C. Chatters:

On July 28, 1996 two young men encountered a human skull in the Columbia River at Kennewick, Washington. That evening I was contacted by Coroner Floyd Johnson, for whom I conduct skeletal forensics. I joined him at the site and helped police recover much of the skeleton. During the next month, under an ARPA permit issued by the Walla Walla District Corps of Engineers, I recovered more wave-scattered bones from the reservoir mud. Throughout the process, I maintained contact with the Corps, which interacted with two local Indian Tribes.

The completeness and unusually good condition of the skeleton, presence of caucasoid traits, lack of definitive Native-American characteristics, and the association with an early homestead led me to suspect that the bones represented a European settler. I first began to question this when I detected a gray object partially healed within the right ilium. CT scans revealed the 20 by 54 mm base of a leaf-shaped, serrated Cascade projectile point typical of Southern Plateau assemblages from 8500 B.P. to 4500 B.P. However, similar styles were in use elsewhere in western North America and Australia into the nineteenth century. Nevertheless, the point raised the possibility of great antiquity, while the skeleton’s traits argued for the early nineteenth century. We either had an ancient individual with physical characteristics unlike later native peoples’ or a trapper/explorer who’d had difficulties with “stone-age” peoples during his travels. To resolve this issue, the Coroner ordered radiocarbon and DNA analyses.

(For the scientific meaning of “B.P.,” click here.)

The lack of head flattening from cradle board use, minimal arthritis in weight-bearing bones, and the unusually light wear on his teeth distinguish the behavior and diet of Kennewick Man from that of more recent peoples in the region… The man lacks definitive characteristics of the classic mongoloid stock to which modern Native Americans belong. The skull is dolichocranic (cranial index 73.8) rather than brachycranic, the face narrow and prognathous rather than broad and flat. Cheek bones recede slightly and lack an inferior zygomatic projection; the lower rim of the orbit is even with the upper. Other features are a long, broad nose that projects markedly from the face and high, round orbits. The mandible is v-shaped,with a pronounced, deep chin. Many of these characteristics are definitive of modern-day caucasoid peoples, while others, such as the orbits are typical of neither race. Dental characteristics fit Turner’s (1983) Sundadont pattern, indicating possible relationship to south Asian peoples… The Kennewick discovery, along with other recent finds in Nevada, may significantly alter conventional views of how, when, and by whom the Americas were peopled.

Einstein’s relativity theory, among other discoveries, teaches there is no such thing as “settled science,” and that the quest for truth is eternal. But, since we live in an age in which the Left has politicized everything, including (especially) science in an effort to cram their anti-Western, Luddite, suicidally regressive ideology down our throats, the Kennewick Man case immediately set off a political and legal controversy – some valuable thoughts about which you can read here.

The entire, ongoing episode is a helpful reminder that “the narrative” is a politically correct and thus easily discarded media construct — if only right-thinking people have the courage to see it for what it is, and call it by name. We are, after all, all God’s children, no matter where we were born or our forefathers originated. Only an atheist Regressive would argue otherwise — and, since we’ve all had a bellyful of them over the past century, who cares what they think?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
605887,"The stabbing murder on October 10 of an ethnic Russian, Yegor Shcherbakov, 25, apparently by a Muslim from Azerbaijan, led to antimigrant disturbances in Moscow, vandalism and assaults, and the arrest of 1,200. It brought a major tension in Russian life to the fore.

Not only do ethnic Muslims account for 21–23 million of Russia’s total population of 144 million, or 15 percent, but their proportion is fast growing. Alcoholism-plagued ethnic Russians are said to have European birth rates and African life-expectancy, with the former just 1.4 per woman and the latter 60 years for men. In Moscow, ethnic Christian women have 1.1 children.

In contrast, Muslim women bear 2.3 children on average and have fewer abortions than their Russian counterparts. In Moscow, Tatar women have six children and Chechen and Ingush women have ten on average. In addition, some 3 to 4 million Muslims have moved to Russia from ex-republics of the USSR, mainly Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan; and some ethnic Russians are converting to Islam.

These trends mean that Christians are declining in numbers by 0.6 percent a year and Muslims increasing by that same amount, which will have dramatic effects over time. Some analysts foresee Muslims becoming a majority in the 21st century — a demographic revolution that would fundamentally change the country’s character. Paul Goble, an expert on Russian minorities, concludes that “Russia is going through a religious transformation that will be of even greater consequence for the international community than the collapse of the Soviet Union.” A Russian commentator he quotes envisions a mosque on Red Square in Moscow. The facile assumption that Moscow is and will remain Western-oriented “is no longer valid,” he argues. In particular, he predicts that the Muslim demographic surge “will have a profound impact on Russian foreign policy.”

Within a few years, Muslims will make up half the conscripts in the Russian army. Joseph A. D’Agostino of the Population Research Institute asks: “Will such a military operate effectively given the fury that many domestic Muslims feel toward the Russian military’s tactics in the Muslim region of Chechnya? What if other Muslim regions of Russia — some of which contain huge oil reserves — rebel against Moscow? Will Muslim soldiers fight and kill to keep them part of the Russian motherland?”

Russia’s increasingly confident Muslims, who constitute the majority of 57 of the country’s 182 ethnic groups, have started to use the term “Muslim Russia” to signal their ambitions. According to Muslim analyst Daniyal Isayev, this term affirms that Islam is “an inalienable part of Russia” and that “Russia as a state and civilization could not exist without Islam and the Muslims.” He notes that Muslims preceded ethnic Russians in much of the territory that is now Russia. His sweeping claims for Muslims include the exaggerations that they made critical contributions to Russia’s culture and its military victories.

Such talk can cause ethnic Russians to shudder over the country’s population loss of at least 700,000 people a year. Some have returned to their faith and some have turned against Muslims. The reactions against a “Muslim Russia” include biased media portrayals of Muslims, attacks on mosques and other crimes, efforts to block Muslim immigration, and the rise of extreme Russian nationalist groups such as Alexander Belov’s “Movement against Illegal Immigration.”

The Kremlin has responded to the issue in contradictory ways. Then-president Dmitri Medvedev tried appeasement in 2009 by stressing the importance of Islam to Russia, noting that “Muslim foundations are making an important contribution to promoting peace in society, providing spiritual and moral education for many people, as well as fighting extremism and xenophobia.” He also announced that, because of its large Muslim population, “Russia does not need to seek friendship with the Muslim world: Our country is an organic part of this world.”

But, as Ilan Berman of the American Foreign Policy Council points out, “the Kremlin has discriminated against its Muslim minority and ignored (even abetted) the rise of corrosive xenophobia among its citizens. This has bred resentment and alienation among Russia’s Muslims — sentiments that radical Islamic groups have been all too eager to exploit.” Added to existing Islamic-supremacist attitudes, this results in an increasingly restive Muslim minority.

Discussions of Islam in Europe tend to focus on places like Britain and Sweden, but Russia, the country with the largest Muslim community in both relative and absolute terms, is above all the place to watch. The antimigrant violence this week will surely be followed by much worse problems.

— Daniel Pipes is president of the Middle East Forum. © 2013 by Daniel Pipes. All rights reserved.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330521,"EDITOR’S NOTE: This piece originally appeared at Acculturated, and it is reprinted here with permission.

Among the many adjectives one might use to describe a former supermodel who posed nude for photographers and married a billionaire Manhattan tabloid star, “humble” ranks pretty far down the list. Yet the defining characteristic of Melania Trump’s opening months as first lady has been her humility. In that sense, Mrs. Trump is the first lady America needs.

We need a first lady who will, in a subtle, understated way, promote greater social cohesion at a moment when America is bitterly polarized and our elites seem increasingly disconnected from the lives of ordinary people. We need someone who will lead by example rather than by command. Someone whose priorities and concerns are relatable to Americans — especially mothers — of all backgrounds. Someone who will eschew the temptations of Washington and focus on quiet displays of kindness, generosity, and sacrifice.

All of this came to mind while reading an Associated Press report, “Now in Washington, Melania Trump still no social butterfly.” The article informs us that Mrs. Trump’s chief priority since moving to the nation’s capital in mid-June has been helping her eleven-year-old son, Barron, settle in, which has confirmed her reputation as a “homebody.” Yet Mrs. Trump has also found time to — among other things — host a private lunch for the first lady of Panama; visit with Representative Steve Scalise and others wounded in the June 14 shooting at a Republican baseball practice; and help organize a White House picnic for members of Congress.

Apparently that’s not “social” enough for the AP. The article continues:

Questions remain, though, about what kind and how social a first lady Mrs. Trump will be. Will she dine out at the city’s trendiest restaurants? Pedal up a sweat at SoulCycle spinning classes? Try to go incognito on a Target shopping run? “I don’t know anybody in New York who knows her or ever sees her socially and I suspect that will be the same here,” said Sally Quinn, an author and Washington hostess.

Leave aside whether you support President Trump’s campaign pledge to “drain the swamp.” Does anyone really think that most Americans want their first lady to spend her nights jetting from $$300 dinners at swanky D.C. eateries to exclusive social events organized by Washington “hostesses”? Is that really what the first lady’s position is all about?

Fairly or unfairly — I would say fairly — tens of millions of Americans view our capital city as an island of decadence, tone-deafness, and unearned elitism. The first lady can do very little to change those perceptions; but the least she can do is avoid making the problem worse.

That’s why, rather than cast Mrs. Trump as an anti-social weirdo for spurning the high-end Washington restaurant scene and the Sally Quinn cocktail-party circuit, we should celebrate the modesty and family-first attitude she has brought to her new role.

Lest we forget, Mrs. Trump’s son is the first young boy to live in the White House since the Kennedy administration. Raising a presidential son would be hard enough in normal times. Doing so amid the most vicious political polarization in modern history is even more difficult.

Consider what Barron and his mother have had to deal with since November. A few weeks after the election, Rosie O’Donnell tweeted a link to a video suggesting that Barron might be autistic. On Inauguration Day, a Saturday Night Live writer tweeted that “Barron will be this country’s first homeschool shooter.” During New York Fashion Week in February, a New York Times reporter described Mrs. Trump as a “hooker” in a private conversation that went public. More recently, the world’s least-funny “comedian” was photographed holding a fake, blood-spattered version of Donald Trump’s decapitated head, and New York’s Public Theater staged a production of Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar in which the assassinated Caesar resembled President Trump in both appearance and behavior.

President Trump’s ego, temperament, and boorishness make it all the more important that the first lady project a sense of modesty, elegance, and grace.

Meanwhile, of course, Mrs. Trump has had to cringe through a series of embarrassing episodes stemming from her husband’s itchy Twitter finger. The latest episode — which involved a vulgar and indefensible tweet-storm directed at MSNBC hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough — prompted critics to inquire, sarcastically, about the status of Mrs. Trump’s anti-cyberbullying initiative.

Her initiative has yet to get off the ground, and journalists are completely justified in noting that President Trump’s impulsive nastiness on Twitter has given his wife a credibility problem. It’s unclear how much control Mrs. Trump can exert over the president’s social-media habits, though Politico has reported that, during his nine-day trip to the Middle East and Europe in May, “aides credited Melania Trump’s presence, as well as a busier schedule, for his nine-day break from off-message tweets.”

This brings us back to America’s need for a humble first lady. Whether or not Mrs. Trump succeeds in getting her husband to curtail his volatile Twitter rampages, she has a responsibility to set a more dignified example. Indeed, President Trump’s ego, temperament, and boorishness make it all the more important that the first lady project a sense of modesty, elegance, and grace.

Based on her performance thus far, she is up to the challenge.

READ MORE:

Fashion Designers Protest Melania and Ivanka Trump

The Washington Post Objects to Melania Trump’s Bio

Progressive Sexists Target Melania Trump & Kellyanne Conway

— Rachel DiCarlo Currie writes for Acculturated, where this piece originally appeared. It is reprinted with permission.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
715635,"How many parents think it’s okay for a twelve-year-old girl to have unprotected sex and then decide on her own to follow it up with the morning-after pill? If you find any parents like this, please contact social services right away — until recently, their daughter’s doctor could at least have stopped a twelve-year-old from using the morning-after pill regularly, as a form of birth control, because a prescription was required.

Ignoring the essential role of a physician in treating teenagers and dispensing active chemicals is the major problem with unrestricted over-the-counter use of the morning-after pill for all ages, a policy that a federal judge in Brooklyn, Edward R. Korman, has now approved. (The pill was first made nonprescription for those 18 and older, until a ruling by the same judge lowered the limit to 17.) Most doctors believe all females who are sexually active should visit a gynecologist regularly to screen them for HPV and other sexually transmitted diseases. It is especially important to begin screening the youngest females. It is during these visits that a gynecologist can openly discuss the reasons the preteen is sexually active, who the partners are, and the need for condom use. If necessary, the doctor can also authorize a supply of morning-after pills while explaining more effective ways of birth control.

Since the morning-after pill, Plan B One-Step and its generic counterparts, disrupts the menstrual cycle, it increases the likelihood that a young teen will become pregnant and not know it. It can cause significant bleeding if the drug is used to excess. This is particularly problematic in a young woman who is likely to have irregular menstrual periods to begin with. A good doctor can monitor these side effects and advise the patient on how to treat them.

A gynecologist is considered a primary-care provider, which means that he or she may be the only doctor that a woman sees. At a time when doctors are being replaced more and more by pharmacists and physicians’ assistants, it is important to remember what the main role of a physician really is. The doctor-patient relationship involves knowing your patient and offering her treatments to fit her specific needs. A good doctor knows how responsible her patient is, what the risks of taking a drug are, and whether a medication such as the morning-after pill is being used appropriately for an unexpected emergency or is actually encouraging more reckless sex and promiscuity.

The idea that obtaining a prescription slows down the process unnecessarily for a young woman in trouble is not sufficient justification for cutting doctors out of the loop. The same specious argument could be used for making antibiotics available over the counter, as they are in Europe. How many wounds or sore throats go untreated in the U.S. because of the wait to see your doctor? But how many cases of C. difficile diarrhea or anaphylactic shock would be caused if antibiotics were too easy to come by and no one was monitoring their effects?

Even though recent studies have shown that most young teens use Plan B only when medically appropriate, for those who don’t, or for those who develop vomiting or cramping or excess bleeding from its use, a doctor needs to be there. A young teen is even more likely to have difficulties handling these side effects than is an older woman.

Depersonalizing medicine and sex is the problem, not the solution.

— Marc Siegel is an associate professor of medicine at New York University and medical director of Doctor Radio at NYU Langone Medical Center. He is a Fox News medical contributor and author of The Inner Pulse: Unlocking the Secret Code of Sickness and Health.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
206881,"Re: Thursday at the Magic Kingdom

By Nicole Gelinas — January 20, 2012

Is it politically wise for former Governor Romney to respond to President Obama’s Orlando visit in this manner?

[Obama is] going to be in Fantasyland, and it’s obviously appropriate because he’s been living in a sort of Fantasyland these last few years.

Florida has nearly a million tourism workers — more than 13 percent of the state’s workforce. Florida has suffered heavily in the housing downturn.

The state’s economy needs the jobs that its private sector could create if the public sector could more efficiently do its job, including processing visitor visas quickly and safely. Obama went to Florida to say that the government will do that.

Romney is criticizing Obama, not Florida’s jobs. But he should be careful not to confuse the two in low-lighting Obama’s attempt to encourage tourism.

For many Florida voters, including elderly voters, it is a mark of pride to have a relative working in or near a Disney Park. Waiters and waitresses — both the people who make a career out of it and the people who are making money for college — can make decent money.

Romney should be mindful — electorally, at least! — of implying that these jobs are unimportant or that they are somehow a fantasy.

If he is the nominee, Romney in general should not overplay his hand in attacking Obama on the economy. There’s much for which to criticize Obama. Romney will dilute these fair critiques, and seem unhinged, if he swings at everything and anything.

— Nicole Gelinas is a contributing editor to the Manhattan Institute’s City Journal.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
76299,"Plus one article on Google Plus

For my money, this was the most revealing bit in that NYT story:

Still, several friends and aides to Mr. Obama said Friday’s outcome had a similar feeling to the campaign’s loss in the New Hampshire primary.

That suggests that the White House seemed to think the Olympic bid mattered, and the loss isn’t something that they were prepared to brush off.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
694847,"Take Back Our Schools

The Student Success Act would end ‘big-government conservatism’ in education

By Michael J. Petrilli — March 12, 2015

Fifteen years ago, when today’s high-school seniors were in pre-school, presidential candidate George W. Bush proposed that America “leave no child behind.” His call for an aggressive federal role in education in order to close long-lasting and harmful achievement gaps was the centerpiece of his “compassionate conservative” agenda. It built on his successful record as an education-reform governor in Texas and also indicated to moderate independents, especially women, that he was a different kind of Republican, the kind who cared about kids and schools.

Giving credit where it’s due, President Bush’s No Child Left Behind Act (NCLB) did quite a lot of good, especially for America’s lowest-performing students. Low-income, African-American, and Latino students are scoring two to three grade levels higher today than their peers did in the 1990s, and graduation rates are at all-time highs. Aggressive policies based around testing and accountability – as embodied in NCLB – deserve much praise.

Yet this aggressive federal role in education also brought pernicious side effects. These include an overemphasis on testing; an inability to respond nimbly when problems with implementation became clear; and accountability systems that often labeled the wrong schools as successful and failing.

Nor was the 2002 version of NCLB the apex of federal overreach in education. In fact, the George W. Bush years look like a libertarian’s dream compared with the Obama era.

With $$4 billion in Race to the Top funds, President Obama forced states into a cramped Procrustean bed of his design. To compete for the money, states had to follow a prescriptive playbook that included the Common Core state standards, a test-score-based approach to teacher evaluations, and much more.

The Obama team doubled down on this approach a few years later when it offered waivers to states to exempt them from the most unworkable requirements of NCLB. But the conditions they attached to the waivers were clearly illegal and also made for bad policy.

Thankfully, this era of federal overreach in education might finally be coming to a close. That’s because Republicans in Congress have had enough of big-government conservatism and are demanding that bureaucrats stop micromanaging our schools from Washington.

The tip of the spear is the Student Success Act, H.R. 5, an education bill currently moving through Congress that would rein in NCLB. As my colleague Chester Finn has written, it represents the most conservative move in federal education policy in at least a quarter century.

In every important way, it limits Washington’s role and gives states the authority that they had before the George W. Bush era. It puts states back in the driver’s seat on issues including the standards that outline expectations in the classroom, the tests that would measure student achievement in relation to those standards, the ways schools are judged based on those tests, and the interventions that states and communities will use in schools that don’t measure up. It would also get the federal government out of the business of regulating the credentials that teachers must possess in order to enter the classroom. And it would eliminate dozens of ineffective federal programs.

What’s particularly striking is the distance between the Republican plan to fix NCLB and the Democrats’ desire to expand the federal role even more. Their wish list includes getting Uncle Sam into the business of equalizing school dollars, prescribing (and using federal tax dollars to pay for) particular approaches to preschool, and pushing schools around on such sensitive topics as discipline.

It’s true that some House conservatives believe the Student Success Act doesn’t go far enough to undo the mischief. I appreciate their commitment to minimizing the federal role in education. But even they acknowledge that the federal money isn’t going away; there just isn’t the political support to eliminate it entirely (and helping poor kids learn more remains a worthy national goal).

Since the money isn’t going to go away, the real question for Republicans is whether they should simply send it to the public-education blob with no obligation regarding what it’s to be used for and whether it produces any results. That approach seems wrong on both the merits and the politics.

The right approach is the one embraced by the Student Success Act: shrink the federal role, demand transparency around results, reduce the authority of the secretary of education, and put states, communities, parents, and teachers back in charge again.

— Michael J. Petrilli is president of the Thomas B. Fordham Institute and a research fellow at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution. He served in the George W. Bush administration.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
678750,"Rolling Stone Mistakenly Plants John Hancock on Julia Louis-Dreyfus’s Back

By Josh Encinias — April 9, 2014

Rolling Stone’s newest cover story features Julia Louis-Dreyfus, star of HBO’s Veep. Louis-Dreyfus is naked on the cover, with an excerpt from the U.S. Constitution drawn on her back, followed by the celebrated signature of John Hancock.

But John Hancock was not one of the signers of the Constitution. He didn’t attend the constitutional convention and in fact, in a 1788 speech he gave as governor of Massachusetts, Hancock avoided endorsing the constitution and repeatedly noted how much opposition there was to adopting it.

Hancock’s signature is actually on the Declaration of Independence.

UPDATE: 4:44 p.m. Julia Louis-Dreyfus jokingly blamed the mistake on her Veep Director of Communications Mike McLintock.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
696904,"The Tragedy of the Commons, U.S.-style

By Iain Murray — August 17, 2010

American exceptionalism is a terrific thing, but in one case it was a disaster: The decision to reject the Old World’s way of managing wildlife and watercourses led to a massive tragedy of the commons. R. J. Smith explains why in this new video from CEI and the Center for Private Conservation:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
206531,"Lost in Translation, a gem of a film, is a triumph for two individuals at opposite ends of their careers: Bill Murray, in a performance that marks the culmination of a long and impressive career, and Sofia Coppola, daughter of you-know-who, in a magisterial directorial effort in just her second film, a follow-up to Virgin Suicides. This is a film that captures our attention with its subtle, rich depiction of character, with its understated dialogue, and its dominant moods, which convey an unusual complexity of emotion. And it ends perfectly.

Bill Murray plays Bob Harris, a Hollywood star, well past his prime, but still a big enough international name that the Japanese are willing to pay him handsomely to film a commercial to promote whiskey. Adrift from a family he rarely sees because of travel, he drinks heavily and suffers from sleeplessness. At a bar in his Tokyo hotel, he meets Charlotte (Scarlett Johanssen), a young, recently married woman, also an insomniac, who is beginning to realize how little she knows or likes about her superstar photographer husband. Relieved to have found someone equally dislocated, the two strike up an odd friendship, which is by turns charming, whimsical, reflective, and quite humorous.

On the surface, the title refers to the inability of the American characters in the film to translate Japanese speech or strongly accented English into intelligible English. Bob and Charlotte are frequently at a loss in the midst of an alien culture. Communicative gaps such as those caused by foreign languages are rich sources of comedy and Murray is more than up to the task here. As the wry and befuddled Harris, Murray confirms his status as one of our best comic actors. In one stretch of humor, covering the numerous takes involved in Bob’s recording of the whiskey commercial, Murray does very little talking. Mildly frustrated at the director’s absurd demands that he mimic the “rat pack,” he simply plays along with mock imitations of Dino and Sinatra.

But the alienation of the main characters from the wider culture signifies a deeper sense of isolation and disorientation. These are individuals who find others and themselves opaque and who harbor the suspicion that there is nothing left to be discovered. The Tokyo of the film is oppressively crowded, with tall buildings covered in fluorescent neon lights, and with tight, narrow, highly mechanized hotel rooms. The soundtrack, which consists mostly of karaoke versions of songs such as “Midnight at the Oasis” and “So Into You,” heightens the sense of unreality.

Like his character in Groundhog Day, Murray’s character here is trapped, unable to move forward, living parasitically off his own past success. He ponders images of himself–in dubbed Japanese versions of his films and on advertisement posters–with bemused sadness rather than triumph. His married life has followed the arc of his career. His wife sends him faxes at 4 A.M. and FedEx mailings with suggestions concerning the color coordination of his home study. A conversation with his wife, during which he expresses his desire for change, ends with her saying, “Do I need to worry about you?” to which he responds, “Only if you want to.” She responds matter-of-factly, “I got things to do.”

In their sleeplessness, Bob and Charlotte share a bed. She admits, “I’m stuck” and asks, “Does it get easier?” When he says, “Yes,” she responds, “Yeah, right. Look at you.” In a grave tone, he confesses that his life became more complicated once he had kids: “The day your first child is born is the most terrifying day of your life. Your life is gone, never to return.” Just as seriously, he adds, “but they’re the most delightful people you would ever want to meet in your life.” After some moments of motionless silence, he puts his hand gently on Charlotte’s foot and comments, “You’re not lost.”

The movie sets us up for an American Beauty plot, wherein a jaded family man recovers his youth in the pursuit of a teen beauty. But Lost in Translation is about human beings, not suburban cutouts. In fact, the film nearly ignores sex, treating it with the sort of indifference that comes, not from excessive indulgence, but from the recognition that the sexual act is beside the point, at best incidental to the quest. In this case, the quest is for companionship, for a renewed experience of humanity, and for a recovery of an orientation or sense of direction in one’s life.

The kind of pornographic quest that pervades so much of our culture is directly mocked in a scene where Bob waits for Charlotte at a Japanese dance/strip club. As lewd lyrics play, the dancer contorts her body in ways that make her nudity entirely unappealing. Charlotte arrives, they watch the dancer, boredom overtakes them, she suggests they leave, and, as they do, Bob leans over the dancer and says, half-seriously, half-facetiously, “Thank you.”

Charlotte studied philosophy in college, is mildly attracted to Buddhism, and is reading a book, A Soul’s Search, which teaches that “your soul selected your life’s purpose before you got here.” Yet, this, too, seems beside the point. The movie is not burdened with pretentious philosophical speculation; in fact, it takes a nice shot at Hollywood’s shallow, opportunistic embrace of Eastern thought, amply on display in American Beauty. A hollow soul of an actress, who insists that she’s not anorexic even as she takes the suggestion as a supreme compliment of her looks, drones on in an interview about her love of Buddhism and reincarnation. Then she gushes about how much she loves working with Keanu and how much they have in common, since they both live in L.A. and have dogs.

Bob Harris has been living in that Hollywood world for far too long and he has paid a price, evident in the antique, forlorn expression on his face. Charlotte has a much fresher appearance; yet, having seen and seen through much already, she is old before her time and near despair. Whatever note of hope there is in the film comes not from a clear affirmation of renewed purpose, but from the negative but potentially liberating judgment that all is not lost, that it is entirely too soon to write off these lives. Lost in Translation offers more than a glimpse of what it might mean for Hollywood to recover a sense of film making as a craft.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719381,"Heda Kovály and Jan Wiener were born in September 1919 and May 1920 respectively, and have just died within a few days of one another. Both had their lives determined by the fact that they were Czech and Jewish.

Heda Kovály was deported to the Lodz ghetto and then Auschwitz. In the closing days of the war, she escaped from a forced march of women prisoners to Bergen-Belsen. When she returned to what had been her home in the Czech countryside, the farmer said, “So you’ve come back? Oh no. That’s all we’ve needed,” and shut the door in her face. Her husband, Rudolf Margolious, was a victim of Stalin’s final campaign against Jews. One of the dozen Jews accused of being enemies of the people in the so-called Slansky show trial in 1952, Margolious was hanged. Only when the Red Army invaded Prague in 1968 was Heda Kovály able to escape. She had just $$20 with her.

Jan Wiener found the classroom in his school in Prague divided into benches marked for Jews and Gentiles. He and his father escaped into Yugoslavia. As the Germans invaded that country, his father decided to commit suicide, and invited him to do so too, adding that he would feel no resentment if he refused. After this harrowing moment, Jan Wiener managed to escape to Britain, where he flew as a pilot in the Czech squadron of Bomber Command. He returned to Prague wearing his Royal Air Force uniform. In due course the Communists sentenced him to five years of hard labor.

These two human beings have several features in common. What they suffered was unbearable yet not at all exceptional. Both wrote books to bear witness to what they had gone through. Both show how greatness consists in remaining yourself when the majority of those around you have become animals. Their heroism lay in being normal. Finally, both ended up living in Massachusetts, which may well be all you need to know today about Europe and the United States.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
668433,"Senator Kyl just asked Kagan to explain her views on homosexual marriage. The senator presented various formulations of the same question, attempting to elicit the nominee’s views, and she repeatedly refused to rule out a constitutional right to homosexual marriage. Does anyone doubt how she would rule if the Defense of Marriage Act were challenged? As the Judicial Crisis Network explains in this white paper, Kagan will be an Obama rubber stamp for homosexual marriage and a host of other items on the liberal agenda.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
637929,"Will Obama Pardon Hillary? Should He?

And does Trump actually want her to be pardoned?

By Andrew C. McCarthy — November 12, 2016

White House press secretary Josh Earnest raised some eyebrows on Wednesday when he engaged on the question whether President Obama would pardon Hillary Clinton before leaving office. Earnest did not indicate that the president had made any commitment one way or the other, but the fact that he is clearly thinking about it is intriguing.

The question primarily arises because there is significant evidence of felony law violations. These do not only involve the mishandling of classified information and the conversion/destruction of government files (i.e., the former secretary of state’s government-related e-mails). It has also been credibly reported that the FBI is investigating pay-to-play corruption during Clinton’s State Department tenure, through the mechanism of the Clinton Foundation — the family “charity” by means of which the Clintons have become fabulously wealthy by leveraging their “public service.” Thus far, Mrs. Clinton has been spared prosecution, but we have learned that the e-mails aspect of the investigation was unduly limited (no grand jury was used); and the legal theory on which FBI director James Comey declined to seek charges is highly debatable, even if it has been rubber-stamped by Attorney General Loretta Lynch.

The proximate cause driving the pardon question, however, is President-elect Donald Trump’s commitment that if victorious, he would appoint a special prosecutor to probe his rival’s “situation.”

This is one of what will no doubt be many things that Mr. Trump will find were easier to say in the heat of the moment (a contentious debate between the candidates) than to do in his new political reality. During the campaign, nothing damaged Clinton as badly as the specter of criminal jeopardy. But now Trump has been elected, and he has a governing agenda that will require cooperation from Capitol Hill. A prosecution of Clinton would provoke Democratic outrage, which means media outrage, which, in turn, means Republican panic.

Much of the outrage is ill-considered — although that doesn’t stop some smart people from expressing it. The objection is that the United States is not, for example, Turkey, where the Islamist despot persecutes his political opposition. But the comparison is apples and oranges. Clinton would not be under investigation for opposing Trump; the probe would be based on evidence of non-trivial law-breaking that has nothing to do with Trump. We know this because Clinton’s misconduct has already been the subject of ostensibly serious investigations by the incumbent administration’s law enforcers. If your position is that a politician may be investigated only if her own party is in power, then you are the one politicizing law enforcement — and creating an environment that breeds corruption.

But that, of course, is logic. Politics is not obliged to be logical. Even those of us who believe Mrs. Clinton’s misconduct demands a thorough investigation must acknowledge the real-world circumstances. The Trump administration will need to move on filling Justice Scalia’s Supreme Court seat; repealing Obamacare; debt, tax and regulatory reform; Iran; and who knows what unforeseen crises. A prosecution of Mrs. Clinton, especially if it is perceived as a rush to judgment, could derail the Trump train before it even pulls out of the station.

So what is to be done? Well, let’s put the merits of prosecution versus pardon aside for a moment. Politically speaking, the easiest out for Trump would be an Obama pardon of Clinton. But will the incumbent president do it? I suspect he will. There is no love lost between Obama and Trump, and probably not much between Obama and Clinton. But the president does have himself to think about — lots of love there.

Mrs. Clinton’s misconduct occurred when she was a high-ranking member of Obama’s cabinet. Her improper use of a non-secure private e-mail system was widely known in administration circles, yet it went unpoliced. Moreover, there is good reason to believe the administration was aware of Clinton’s serial flouting of the agreement she made with the White House as a condition of being appointed secretary of state — the one that required her to disclose and seek prior administration approval of Clinton Foundation activities that generated payments and donations from foreign sources. As it is, Obama’s dereliction in failing to make Clinton toe the line reflects poorly on him. Were these matters ever to be fully explored at a public trial, though, his legacy would take a major hit.

More to the point, as we’ve repeatedly noted in these columns, Obama, using an alias, willfully communicated with Clinton via her private e-mail account at least 18 times. This implicates him in her mishandling of classified information. Indeed, the Obama–Clinton e-mails would be admissible evidence in any trial of Mrs. Clinton — as likely would be the fact that the president falsely denied knowledge of Clinton’s private e-mail usage when asked about it in media interviews.

If President Obama had wanted these matters publicly exposed, he would have encouraged an aggressive criminal investigation of Mrs. Clinton, and he would not have invoked a confidentiality privilege to prevent Congress and the public from reading the Obama–Clinton e-mails.

For all the president’s gracious rhetoric this week about helping his successor succeed, the thought of leaving the thorny Clinton dilemma on Trump’s desk must be very tempting to Obama. On the other hand, Obama may calculate that a pardon for Clinton would burnish his legacy, just as historians have smiled on Gerald Ford for granting clemency to Richard Nixon (although, as I’ve argued, Nixon’s situation was very different from Clinton’s.) But all that aside, and regardless of the president’s feelings for Mrs. Clinton (which I suspect are warmer than some have suggested), this is more a matter of Obama’s self-preservation than anything else. That’s why I believe he will pardon her — after all, he seems to be pardoning everybody else. A pardon issued by Obama would make the whole affair go away, leaving Trump a clean slate.

But what if he doesn’t? What should President Trump do once the reins are in his hands?

Some are already arguing that Trump should pardon Clinton. There is some sense to this. Most of Trump’s ardent supporters would forgive him for going back on his word (as they would forgive him, it seems, for most anything). They would rationalize that he has more important fish to fry. There would also be reveling in the five or six minutes the media spent extolling Trump’s magnanimity before reverting to attack mode. As for the many in Republican circles who are tepid, at best, when it comes to Trump, a goodly number of them would cheer a Clinton pardon.

So if that’s the case, why shouldn’t Trump pardon Clinton?

Well for one thing, because a president is supposed to know what he is pardoning before resorting to that conclusive, irrevocable power. That is why the Justice Department has a pardon office, funded annually by Congress. The pardon office oversees an elaborate procedure, a key element of which is input from the prosecutor responsible for the case. The point is to ensure that the president is fully aware of the extent and nature of the criminality involved before deciding whether to grant clemency.

Mrs. Clinton has never been subjected to a full-blown criminal investigation, with FBI agents and prosecutors working jointly (rather than at cross-purposes), using the grand jury to compel the production of testimony and physical evidence. Such an investigation would be important here because Clinton did not act alone. Her use of private e-mail was systematic, with numerous staffers supporting it, covering it up, and moving classified intelligence through it; several underlings carried out the destruction of government files; many subordinates may have made false statements to FBI investigators; and the Clinton Foundation is a vast multi-billion-dollar enterprise — one that will continue its potentially criminal activities if a prosecution does not put it out of business.

Among the salient factors considered in pardon decisions are (a) where the offender under consideration fit in the pecking order of conspiratorial activity and (b) how similar offenders are typically treated. To be sure, Hillary Clinton is a special case: A prosecution against a major party’s most recent presidential candidate (which may also implicate her husband, the former president) would roil the nation and could complicate its governance. Still, we are talking about serious crimes, and Mrs. Clinton is the most culpable participant. Is the plan to pardon everyone involved, or should Mrs. Clinton get a pass while her minions face the anxiety and costs of potential legal jeopardy?

And if Mrs. Clinton is to walk away scot-free after compromising our nation’s most closely guarded intelligence operations, and after she has reaped hundreds of millions of dollars by putting our government’s foreign and security policy on sale, what is a Trump Justice Department going to do in far less consequential cases?

Trump campaigned as the people’s champion, the president who was going to “drain the swamp” and end the sordid Washington system of two sets of rules: a forgiving one for the well-connected and a harsh one for everybody else. Well, what about it, then? If Mrs. Clinton skates, is the run-of-the-mill fraudster also going to get a pass for the more mundane $$100,000 scheme? How about the low-ranking naval officer who takes a couple of souvenir photos of a top-secret submarine? The mid-level CIA analyst who brings a few classified memos home rather than staying late to read them in the agency SCIF? Is everybody off the felony hook now, or just the Clintons?

These are not easy questions. If President Trump and his advisers are going to answer them fairly and properly, it ought to be done on a much better-informed basis than what we now have. The new president should direct his attorney general to select a scrupulous, objective, non-partisan special prosecutor, an attorney with solid law-enforcement experience who is respected on both sides of the political aisle (there are more of those than you might imagine). That special prosecutor and a team of FBI agents, operating outside the supervision of Trump’s political appointees at the Justice Department, should conduct a full and fair investigation — under normal law-enforcement protocols, which means no public commentary unless and until a decision is made about whether to file charges.

Meanwhile, the Justice Department’s pardon office should begin preparing a full clemency petition, working, as always, out of the public spotlight. Eventually, input from both Mrs. Clinton’s attorneys and the special prosecutor should be invited.

At the end of that process, with a normal investigation and a full understanding of the facts, the special prosecutor should file an indictment if the facts are so damning that prosecution is warranted. But, before or after that is done, President Trump could issue a pardon if the equities weigh in favor of one, especially if the evidence appears to be ambiguous. Significantly, the special prosecutor and the attorney general could also end up announcing that the investigation is being closed without charges and with no need to address the question of a pardon. That would give Mrs. Clinton the vindication she deserves if there truly is insufficient evidence to prosecute her.

Again, I don’t believe it will come to that. My sense is that President Obama will issue a pardon that covers not only Mrs. Clinton but any crimes committed by any person arising out of both the homebrew e-mail system and the Clinton Foundation — including any false statements and obstruction of the FBI’s investigations. That would make it case closed, sparing Obama embarrassment and Trump a political hot potato. If the current president does not act, though, the new president needs to be ready with a plan.

— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
702256,"To follow up on the question of whether Hispanics are held back from their natural Republican affinities by immigration-reform obstructionism, let’s not forget Obamacare. A Fox News Latino poll in September 2012 found that 62 percent of likely Latino voters backed President Obama’s handling of health care, including the Affordable Care Act. Only 25 percent of those voters wanted the act repealed. The Catholic Church’s strong opposition to the bill’s contraception mandate did not tip the Latino scales against it, dealing another blow to the myth of the “social values” Hispanic conservative. A Romney Spanish-language ad trumpeting Romney’s opposition to the Affordable Care Act showed that his strategists “don’t know what they are doing,” Latino pollster Matt Barreto told USA Today in August.

Rather than solving the Republican party’s alleged Hispanic problem, the suddenly popular immigration amnesty could exacerbate it. Those who oppose amnesty do so on two grounds: a revulsion against violations of the rule of law and a fear that an amnesty will attract more illegal immigrants to the country, as previous amnesties in Europe and the U.S. have done. Those illegal immigrants who are drawn in by the hope of yet another future amnesty will be precisely that category of immigrant which now provides an ever-growing base for the Democratic party — low-skilled individuals who disproportionately consume government services and who lack the social capital to reliably inoculate their children against America’s underclass culture.

Without question, millions of Hispanic immigrants have been credits to their communities, reclaiming troubled neighborhoods such as South Central Los Angeles with their fierce work ethic. But politics aside, the country needs an official pause in mass unskilled immigration and a reordering of the system towards education, skills, and language ability. Out of sheer fatigue, I would almost be willing to support an E-Verify-preceded amnesty (starting with a DREAM Act that, unlike every extant version, disqualifies applicants with criminal records and requires serious educational attainment) in exchange for the elimination of chain migration and its replacement by a skills-based selection process. Congressional Democrats’ recent torpedoing of green cards for foreign Ph.D. science graduates, however, simply to preserve the “diversity” visa lottery shows how deep Democratic commitment to low-skilled immigration is. It would be risky to assume that they don’t know what they’re doing.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
399738,"As Obamacare declines toward a possible fall, the assembled denizens of the professional Left are scrambling in earnest to register their excuses with the public. Thus far at least, the award for the most creative contribution goes to former labor secretary Robert Reich, whose Saturday paean to single-payer health care managed to combine all of the most dishonest talking points that have bubbled up since October 1 while constructing in tandem a counterfactual so dazzling that only the truest of apostles could be persuaded by it.

Reich’s column has the Upworthy-worthy title, “The Democrats’ Version of Health Insurance Would Have Been Cheaper, Simpler, and More Popular (So Why Did We Enact the Republican Version and Why Are They So Upset?).” In it, Reich claims that if “Democrats [had] stuck to the original Democratic vision and built comprehensive health insurance on Social Security and Medicare, it would have been cheaper, simpler, and more widely accepted by the public.” And, he adds for good measure, “Republicans would be hollering anyway.”

The underlying conceit here, that the Democratic party had the option of “sticking to the original vision” of single-payer but that it instead settled on Obamacare as part of some sort of grand compromise, is fairly popular among the law’s apologists these days. Republicans, this story goes, are opportunistic hypocrites who dropped their longtime support for a system that looked just like Obamacare the very moment that a black man was elected to the White House. Democrats, meanwhile, are presented as being too nice and too solicitous of their opponents, and criticized for having elected to placate the Republican party by forgoing pursuit of what they truly wanted: Medicare for all.

Reassuring as this tale might be to those who are worriedly surveying the damage that Healthcare.gov has wrought upon their project, it remains self-evidently absurd. Obamacare was passed into law without a single Republican vote; its passage led to the biggest midterm blowout since 1948; and repealing the measure has been, to borrow Harry Reid’s favorite word, the “obsession” of Republicans for nearly five years. It is a law based upon an idea that Republican leadership failed to consider, debate, or advance during any of the periods in which they have held political power — and one that they actively opposed when it was suggested in a similar form by President Clinton during the 1990s. If Republicans were desperate to get something done along the lines that Obama proposed in 2009, they have had a funny way of showing it over the past 159 years.

Champions of the Republican Idea Theory tend to respond to the presentation of these facts by charging that that the concept of an individual mandate was the product of a 1989 paper issued by the conservative Heritage Foundation (something its author vigorously denies), and that Republicans were so taken by the idea of forcing everybody to buy a private product that . . . well, actually herein lies the problem. Truth be told, Republicans were so taken with Heritage’s design that a grand number of two of them ever went so far as to introduce a federal bill based on it and Mitt Romney used it as the basis of reform in deep-blue Massachusetts. Oh, and Newt Gingrich once said something nice about it — in 1995. This, suffice it to say, is hardly a ringing endorsement.

Whatever historical weight the Left chooses to attribute to the Heritage proposal, it cannot change the salient fact that “Heritage” is synonymous with neither “Republican party” nor “conservative movement,” nor that, even if it were, such a link would serve only to confuse matters. As Avik Roy notes over at Forbes, the so-called “Heritage plan” was actually “killed” by another Heritage employee, Peter Ferrara, whose first act after leaving the organization was to campaign vehemently against the idea and to “[convince] 37 leaders of the conservative movement, including Phyllis Schlafly, Grover Norquist, and Paul Weyrich, to sign a petition opposing” it. Ferrara was joined in his opposition by the Cato Institute, the Galen Institute, and almost everybody on the Republican side of Congress.

Reich’s fantasy account of a restrained Democratic party does not hold up either. There is a devastatingly dull reason the bulletproof Democratic majority of 2008 didn’t build “comprehensive health insurance on Social Security and Medicare,” and that is that it didn’t have the votes. Indeed, with full control of the government, Democrats didn’t even have the votes to set up a public insurance option, let alone to take over the whole system. Long before Scott Brown was elected to the Senate, Ezra Klein was lamenting that the public option was dead on arrival. Joe Lieberman, Klein noted sadly, has “swung the axe and cut his deal cleanly, killing not only the public option, but anything that looked even remotely like it.”

Lieberman did this for a solid reason: Despite the best efforts of the president, the mooted health-care bill remained deeply unpopular throughout the legislative process, and the public option even more so. Americans, remember, didn’t even want the bill as it currently ended up, and they were so determined to stop it that the progressive stronghold of Massachusetts elected to the Senate a Republican who ran promising not only to “kill” that specific bill but also to end the Democratic party’s filibuster-proof majority. Are we honestly expected to suppose that if the proposal had been farther to the left, it would have had a better chance? Does the progressive movement really think that the public can be persuaded that Democratic legislators “compromised” with an intransigent opposition out of the goodness of their hearts? I think not.

As for Reich’s claim that a single-payer system would have been “more widely accepted by the public”: Is he joking? So acutely aware were the president and his allies in Congress of the fact that the vast majority of Americans did not want to lose their current insurance that, like so many traveling salesmen on the frontier, they just brazenly lied, promising things of their product that it could never possibly deliver and assiduously playing down the scale of the chance that their customers were taking. Again, with Obamacare as it is now, the president was forced onto the defensive, provoked into repeating as mantra that “if you like your health-care plan, you will be able to keep your health-care plan” and into reassuring voters that “no one will take it away — no matter what.” One can only imagine what he would have had to promise if he had been peddling single-payer.

The New York Times’ Paul Krugman, who has dismissed the law as an “immense kludge” and is open about his preference for a Medicaid-for-all single-payer model, has managed to grasp that “the reluctance of workers who currently have good insurance through their employers to trade that insurance for something new” meant in practical terms that “the Affordable Care Act was probably all we could get.” It was indeed, and if the Republican party plays its cards right and can turn the disastrous rollout of the law into a setback not just to this particular scheme but to the technocratic model itself, it will be all that the Left “can get” for some time to come.

Nevertheless, as any good liar knows, it is the chaotic and amorphous opening days of any disaster that provide the opportunities for the most ambitious spin. Refusing to allow anything as prosaic as truth to intrude upon their fantasies, progressives are engaged in an audacious attempt to blame their opponents for their signature mistake and, worse, to pretend that the solution to the havoc wrought by magical thinking is to commission even more magic. “We must do what we can,” William F. Buckley Jr. wrote in a letter to Henry Kissinger, “to bring hammer blows against the bell jar that protects the dreamers from reality.” With Obamacare failing in precisely the ways that they predicted it would, conservatives have been given an extraordinary hammer. They must not let their opponents take it from their hands.

— Charles C. W. Cooke is a staff writer at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638261,"Hillary Rodham Clinton’s purported state of mind made perfect sense as she became America’s top diplomat on January 21, 2009.

“I was not thinking a lot when I got in,” Clinton reminisced with NBC’s Andrea Mitchell on Friday. Reflecting on her early days as secretary of state, Clinton added, “There was so much work to be done. We had so many problems around the world. I didn’t really stop and think what kind of e-mail system will there be.”

Naturally, Clinton wanted to pursue urgent diplomatic matters, such as launching a “Russian reset” with Vladimir Putin, managing America’s difficult relationship with Syria’s Bashar Assad (whom she referred to as “a reformer”), and tightening security at U.S. diplomatic outposts, not least the consulate at Benghazi, Libya.

If only Clinton’s behavior matched her sentiments.

Given this pressing business, it would have been logical for Clinton to rely on the State Department’s normal e-mail procedures. She would have received a state.gov e-mail address. Her classified messages would have zipped exclusively along secure government connections and landed on encrypted federal servers. All of this would have been tended to by diplo-geeks under her command, during regular office hours.

RELATED: Hillary Clinton Spent a Lot of Time ‘Not Thinking’ About Her Secret E-mail Server

If Servergate involved foul-ups by some Foggy Bottom functionary, Clinton would deserve the benefit of the doubt, and even some empathy, for staying so focused on diplomacy when the digital ball got dropped on her watch.

But this was terabytes different from what actually happened.

Clinton supposedly was too busy even to “stop and think” about e-mail, computer equipment, and whether her documents would comply with the Federal Records Act, the Freedom of Information Act, and the Espionage Act. Nonetheless, she somehow found time to circumvent common sense, default processes, and likely one or more of the aforementioned federal statutes. Clinton did this by spurning the State Department’s server that was ready to serve her.

RELATED: There’s a Whole Arsenal of Smoking Guns in the Clinton E-mail Scandal

Instead, Clinton rescued a private computer server from her 2008 presidential bid, had it installed in her home in Chappaqua, N.Y. (267 miles northeast of her Washington, D.C., office), created a clintonemail.com domain, opened her own e-mail accounts and addresses there, and then agreed to host accounts and addresses for top aides, including Huma Abedin.

If Clinton did not do these things herself, they didn’t just happen through immaculate inception.

We now learn that Clinton asked former 2008 presidential-campaign aide Bryan Pagliano to manage this server, first as an outside consultant and then while he worked for her as a State Department IT specialist. If Pagliano performed these private duties for Clinton on government time, this may have broken federal work rules against theft of services.

Also, Clinton and her family paid Pagliano at least $$5,000 for “computer services” out of their own pockets. The IRS requires that a Form 1099 be filed by anyone who pays independent contractors anything exceeding $$600 annually. Did the Clintons file any such 1099s? If so, where are they?

And now, rather than cooperate in the relevant probes of all of this, Pagliano says he will take the Fifth Amendment and clam up before the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the State Department’s inspector general, the Senate Homeland Security Committee, the Senate Judiciary Committee, and the House Select Committee on Benghazi. Ron Johnson (R., Wis.) and Charles Grassley (R., Iowa), the chairmen of those respective Senate committees, announced yesterday that they wrote Pagliano on September 4 to begin discussing a grant of immunity that would let him testify without fear of prosecution.

While these congressional panels are controlled by Republicans, they are legitimate units of America’s federal legislature, not tools of the “vast right-wing conspiracy.” The FBI is not the RNC. And State’s inspector general is not Ann Coulter. Clinton’s moaning about being hammered by conservative enemies increasingly resembles delusional giggles.

Had Clinton truly stuck with diplomacy and left her e-mail to staff professionals, none of these nagging suspicions would be gnawing at her presidential ambitions.

How ironic: Hillary Clinton finally privatizes a federal function, and it explodes in her face.

However, cruel irony is the least of Clinton’s problems. If she refuses to address Servergate, she seems stuck in a public-relations bunker. But when she does talk about this burgeoning scandal, she often blurts out new, incriminating information. Yesterday, she told ABC News’s David Muir:

Everyone I e-mailed with, and I’m not going to go into names, but let me say I e-mailed with many people in the White House and the rest of the government, of course, across the State Department, knew that I was e-mailing from a personal account.

The White House knew about Clinton’s private e-mail address and did . . . nothing?

In her Servergate statements, Clinton also is flippant (laughing about wiping her server “with a cloth or something”), sounds wildly implausible (she erased only personal e-mails about yoga and wedding plans), or simply lies (“I’ve never had a subpoena,” “there is no classified material” on her server, etc.).

Whether she seals her lips or opens her mouth, Hillary Clinton’s Servergate woes deepen. Quite simply, she is trapped in a tightening, boiling Hell — entirely of her own making.

— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a media fellow with the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution, and Peace at Stanford University.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
600898,"Mark: A couple of years ago, I wrote an article for the Wall Street Journal on the phenomenon of language extinction, i.e., languages that were dying off in the era of globalization. The United Nations was fretting over this at the time (and probably still is). My view is that more people speaking a smaller number of languages is in general a good thing–especially if it’s English!",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
557816,"Kosovo

By David Pryce-Jones — February 19, 2008

Kosovo is the world’s newest state, and it is likely to prove a pain in the neck. As in the case of Palestine, two quite different peoples claim it. The huge majority of the two million population are Albanian and Muslim, while one in ten, or even fewer, are Serb and Orthodox. Ethnic and religious differences like these would test the identity of any nation-state.

The Serbs under the late and stupid Slobodan Milosevic made the fatal mistake of using force to incorporate into the rump of Serbia as much as possible of former Yugoslavia. Serbian nationalism proved criminal, taking the form of ethnic cleansing of the neighbouring Croats and Bosnians, massacres, destruction of historic places, and so on. President Clinton eventually did what the supine Europeans couldn’t, and stopped Serbia. Taken over by NATO, probably in defiance of international law, Kosovo became a special sort of protectorate, governed and policed by Westerners. Under this umbrella, or more accurately fig-leaf, the local Albanians have lived a different life, with crime and corruption running more or less untrammelled.

As with an illegitimate and unwanted child, nobody could think what to do with this province. NATO could not be responsible forever. Understandably, the Kosovar Albanians refused to have Serbia back after the Serbs’ abominable use of force and wicked disregard of human rights. But they themselves were, and still are, also incapable of governing fairly or competently. To grant them independence may have been the least bad course, but it is risky at several levels.

The Muslim world is naturally delighted to have a new member country, and one in Europe, what’s more. The United States and NATO are equally pleased to have the Kosovo problem off their hands. So there is a U.S.-Muslim entente, unusual to say the least. The Europeans are too supine to declare openly that they do not relish a Muslim state arising on the continent. But some of them, led by Spain with Romania and Slovakia and Cyprus in tow, are willing to oppose the independence of Kosovo on other grounds, namely that ethnic breakaways of the sort are existential threats to the nation state and its integrity. If Kosovars can do it, so can Basques and Catalans in Spain, Hungarians in Slovakia, Tamils in Sri Lanka – many a nation-state comes into this danger zone, and they are lining up by the dozen against Kosovo. The European Union exists to break up the nation-state, of course, so support for the new nation-state of Kosovo from the likes of Javier Solano, the EU foreign affairs boss, is particularly ironic, indeed rich to the point of absurdity. But that’s Europe for you in this age of political pygmies.

No country is more threatened by ethnic and religious separatist movements than Russia. So Russia is doing what it does best, turning a dangerous weapon away from itself onto others. President Putin is encouraging Abkhazia and South Ossetia to declare independence against Georgia, and he backs Serbia in its refusal to accept what the Serbian prime minister likes to call “the sham state” of Kosovo. If really it is a sham state, where does that leave its Serb minority? Is the new Kosovo to be a state for all within it, or a state just for the Albanian ethnicity? In his present mischief-making mood, Putin has an opening here for working against stability on the widest scale, and it will be a matter of luck if he chooses not to provoke another Balkan crisis.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
597713,"There is no such thing as ‘presidency studies’

Exhibit A in the category “Questions Nobody Is Asking”: Does Howard Dean believe that Wisconsin governor Scott Walker is qualified to be president?

“Qualification” has two related but distinct senses: The first entails the satisfaction of formal requirements, e.g., the qualifications for voting include being a U.S. citizen at least 18 years of age. The second sense of “qualification” means that one is in possession of certain skills or experience that suggest one can perform a given task: Howard Dean is not qualified to perform brain surgery.

This can get murky: Howard Dean is not qualified to practice medicine at all, in the sense that he does not have a physician’s license, though he is qualified in the sense that he possesses a medical degree and did practice medicine for a time. The first sense of “qualification” carries the connotation of credential, which is what those who huff and puff over Scott Walker’s lack of a college degree are going on about. That is precisely the wrong approach, and among those getting it wrong is the qualified/unqualified Doctor/Not-a-Doctor Dean himself, who suggested that Walker’s lack of a B.A. marked him as “unknowledgeable” and therefore unqualified for the presidency.

The irony there is that Dean and Walker, a former presidential candidate and a likely one, share, despite their dramatically different backgrounds, precisely the same qualification (in the second sense) for the presidency: time served as governor of a state, the job in American politics that most closely resembles the presidency. Barack Obama comes from the Senate, and a state legislature before that, i.e., the jobs that most resemble service on the high-school student council.

Scott Walker did his time on the student council, too, at Marquette, a career in campus politics that already has been — because the intellectuals of our times do not rise to the seriousness of our times — the subject of a lengthy PolitiFact investigation, complete with claims — fabrications, really — from the Democratic party that Walker was kicked out of student government and out of Marquette for misbehavior while electioneering. (That’s the nationwide Democratic party of the United States of America, incidentally, making dark and fictitious aspersions about a student-council race at Marquette in the 1980s. Mike Tate, chairman of the Wisconsin Democratic party, went so far as to use the phrase “nefarious activity,” which is kind of cute.) Marquette confirms that Walker was a student in good standing who voluntarily withdrew from the university.

He never went back. This isn’t that uncommon, and used to be quite a bit more common, with gentlemen exhibiting a measure of aristocratic contempt for academic formalities. Brooke Dolan of the Academy of Natural Sciences and the Office of Strategic Services studied zoology at Princeton before moving on to more interesting work in the 1930s and 1940s. Bill Clinton never bothered finishing his studies as a Rhodes scholar. Bill Gates has only an honorary degree from Harvard, having set aside his studies for more fruitful endeavors. Dolan could have been more careful with his homework: Leading a mission to Lhasa with Ilya Tolstoy, he caused a diplomatic incident when he suggested to the young Dalai Lama that the United States was ready to recognize a free Tibet. But does anybody believe that Bill Clinton would have been better off with another year of graduate school, or that Bill Gates suffered for his lack of sheepskin?

What, exactly, should Scott Walker — who has reshaped both the politics and the policy environment of his state while winning three elections in four years — have a degree in before he is “qualified” to be president? Presidency studies?

The bachelor’s degree as general credential has a great deal of allure, not least to people who suspect — perhaps with some reason — that they are frauds, a feeling that frequently afflicts sons of privilege such as Howard Dean of Park Avenue and the Hamptons. A degree is the last fragment shored against the ruins of an intellectual fraud. Barack Obama doesn’t speak a foreign language or play a musical instrument, exhibits no sign that any great book has left a mark upon his mind, has never, so far as the printed word can document, uttered an original thought or put forth an interesting idea — but he has a Harvard law degree. Journalism is not a field marked by notably high intellectual standards, but the four-year journalism degree enables the pretense that it is a profession, like medicine, rather than a trade, like lard-rendering.

It is a strange thing: College is in many cases a very expensive four- to six-year sleepaway camp for young adults who really are too old for that sort of thing, where the main lessons given are in status-signaling. The useful bits of my time as an undergraduate at the University of Texas could have been compressed into about three semesters and a lengthy newspaper internship. My subsequent experience — as a sometime adjunct professor, director of programs for college students and recent graduates, manager in the private sector, etc. — is that a person’s holding a bachelor’s degree or failing to hold one says exactly nothing about what, if anything, that person knows.

So, why the fetishization of the bachelor’s degree?

Consider the bitterness of complaints, most recently from Millennials, about having to work at Starbucks or make $$10 an hour doing banal office chores in spite of having a college degree — and the mountain of debt that so often goes with it. Later, those will become wry observations about having a degree that has nothing at all to do with one’s job. There are two things at work: The first is the damaged but extant idea that a bachelor’s degree is the Willy Wonka golden ticket to a comfortable middle-class life. The second is the related inability to distinguish between education and job-training. Neither one of those errors should be able to withstand much critical examination: No sensible person digging through the works of Hrotsvitha of Gandersheim thinks: “Man, this is going to lead to a really cushy job, someday.” After leaving the Velvet Underground and getting his doctorate in medieval literature, Sterling Morrison became a tugboat man in the Houston ship channel. There was no degree in being a rock star, and no graduate program in post-rock-star studies. There is no degree in being Leader of the Free World, either, no credential for Scott Walker to put at the top of his curriculum vitae.

A related line of criticism is that it does not so much matter that Walker does not have a degree as that he quit and never came back, which suggests that he lacks the focus or the drive to stick with difficult tasks. Roger Kimball, one of the great critics and publishers of our time, regrets not finishing his own education, in his case a Ph.D. at Yale. “One should, I believe, complete what one begins,” he explained. The criticism is a fair one, and a general one. In the specific matter of Walker, it would be preposterous to suggest that this governor — of all figures on the American political scene today — lacks perseverance. Wisconsin is neither a famously conservative state nor a famously Republican one. Every Republican officeholder of any consequence endures the machinations of the crime syndicate that is the Democratic party — Rick Perry’s risible indictment on charges of vetoing a bill, Tom DeLay’s indictment (by the same prosecutor’s office) on charges of violating laws that had not been passed, IRS leaks, etc. — but very few have been subjected to what Walker endured as part of the investigation of his campaign’s relationships with independent conservative groups, a truly outrageous Gestapo affair in which defendants were forbidden to defend themselves in public even as they were dragged through the mud. Walker came through — not exactly a happy warrior, but happy enough. Likewise, the bongo-banging, screaming, union-goon protests in Madison — in which some of his more energetic critics on the left threatened to murder his wife — did not prevent Walker from securing the passage of one of the most important public-sector reforms of our time.

So, “qualified,” then?

If by that you mean that he performed admirably in his qualifying rounds in Madison, then Scott Walker is qualified indeed. If you mean that he possesses a piece of paper certifying that the dean of students has declared him ready to be president, the fact is, they aren’t handing those out. Not really.

Is Scott Walker qualified to be president? Is Howard Dean qualified to judge?

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
402236,"The GOP’s Spirit of ’96

The Triumph of William McKinley: Why the Election of 1896 Still Matters, by Karl Rove (Simon & Schuster, 496 pp., $$32.50)

By Michael F. Bishop — December 21, 2015, Issue

He was a man of modest birth and a longtime Ohio congressman, with a passion for fiscal policy and a driving ambition for the White House. He sought to expand the appeal of his party by reaching out to immigrants and labor. And he became governor of his battleground state while laying the groundwork for a presidential run.

The above description is not of John Kasich, but of William McKinley. Yet one can imagine that the current governor of Ohio will attempt — however vainly — to find hope and inspiration in the pages of this fine new study of the 25th president and his election in 1896.

President George W. Bush, in the speech he delivered upon his reelection in November 2004, lauded Karl Rove as “the architect” of his victory. And now Rove has cast his eyes back upon another Republican triumph more than a century ago: the ascension of McKinley to the presidency and the subsequent Republican domination of that office (Woodrow Wilson’s two terms aside) for the next few decades. Rove’s hopes that his own chief’s elevation would lead to an era of GOP dominance are as yet unfulfilled, but he proves a reliable guide to the machinations of Gilded Age politics.

There is no doubt that Rove is a McKinley man. Theodore Roosevelt, McKinley’s assistant secretary of the Navy and second vice president, famously raged that his boss had “all the backbone of a chocolate éclair,” but the author sees much to admire in the staid and steady president. McKinley may have lacked the dynamism and charisma of his successor, but he emerges from these pages as a shrewd, decent, and kindly man, brave in battle and solicitous of his invalid wife. Known always as “the Major,” the title he cherished most, McKinley was the last Civil War veteran to be elected president.

Rove makes a few scattered references to recent political developments, and some of his historical judgments are freighted with contemporary meaning. His observation that the election of Rutherford B. Hayes in 1876 “involved a dispute about Florida’s results that lasted for months” elicits a chuckle, and his repeated observation that in the Gilded Age and beyond “the GOP would win national elections only if it gained support from new ethnic immigrant laborers” could come from a talking head on cable news, which, as it happens, Rove is. But his focus is largely on the 19th century, not the 21st. And while it is good to seek guidance from history, the novelist L. P. Hartley was correct when he observed, “The past is a foreign country: they do things differently there.”

Indeed, as Rove observes, “politics during McKinley’s lifetime was practiced with an intensity difficult to comprehend today.” Readers may be surprised that issues as seemingly abstruse as the tariff and the currency could inflame the passions of millions of Americans. But in an era before the Super Bowl or stadium concerts, politics furnished not just an arena of ideological combat but entertainment as well.

Protection had been a point of bitter contention since before the Civil War, and the peace at Appomattox did not settle the matter. Long after slavery was abolished, the issue of whether industry should grow and develop behind a shield of high tariffs still divided the nation. Conservatives today might look askance at McKinley’s tireless championing of tariffs — he was known as the “Napoleon of Protection” — but such policy was Republican dogma throughout the latter half of the 19th century. In championing protection, McKinley followed in the footsteps of Lincoln. Even during the last Republican administration, President Bush temporarily imposed steel tariffs in 2002, a decision made largely for domestic political reasons (and with which the book’s author was deeply involved).

And whereas now we breathlessly await the decrees of the Federal Reserve regarding monetary policy, the debate over how much money would be in circulation (and its consequent value) was then fought out in the political arena. The stakes were high for indebted farmers and laborers and for the bankers who held their notes. Rove ably and clearly explains the debate between “hard money” advocates, who believed the currency should be pegged to the price of gold, and those who supported a “soft money” policy of minting vast numbers of silver coins and inflating the currency.

By the time McKinley entered the race for the White House, currency had become the dominant issue. His Democratic opponent would declare that while “protection has slain its thousands the gold standard has slain its tens of thousands.” On this issue, McKinley was far from Napoleonic — his Ohio constituency was divided on the issue, and throughout his career he attempted to straddle it.

Much has been made of Theodore Roosevelt as the first modern president, but Rove convincingly shows that it was McKinley who helped usher presidential politics into the modern age. Long before his “front porch” campaign in 1896, McKinley barnstormed the country to an unprecedented degree. With the help of Mark Hanna — his wealthy friend, fellow Ohioan, and political manager — McKinley eschewed a regional strategy and plotted a national effort. In state after state, they organized, in what Rove calls “the Gilded Age equivalent of the presidential primary season, not elections open to party members or voters, but a multi-stage series of local, district, and state conventions.”

But in 1896, he faced an opponent who paid even less regard to historical precedent. William Jennings Bryan had raised the roof of the Democratic convention with his theatrical speech that concluded with words that have rung down through political history: “You shall not press down upon the brow of labor this crown of thorns. You shall not crucify mankind on a cross of gold.” Known as the “Boy Orator,” he was at 36 only one year over the constitutional age requirement for the presidency, and his national political experience was limited to a mere two terms in the House of Representatives. But his rhetorical gifts and boundless energy captured the imagination of his party, which then as now viewed the rich as a suspect class. According to Rove, his outlook was “bleak and gloomy,” and he viewed America “as a country divided between the many poor and the wealthy few, between good and evil.” (If Kasich dreams of being a latter-day McKinley, Bernie Sanders must be channeling Bryan.)

Rove narrates the general-election campaign in vivid detail, deftly outlining the issues and bringing to life the spectacle of 19th-century politics. He admiringly quotes McKinley’s calls for unity — as when he declared, “We are all citizens of a common country . . . equal citizens in privilege and opportunity” — and contrasts them favorably with Bryan’s dark and apocalyptic rhetoric. The “one nation” message won out: McKinley triumphed in the Electoral College with 271 votes to Bryan’s 176.

Unfortunately for McKinley’s historical reputation, he had a man of destiny directly behind him. When Mark Hanna despairingly cried to his colleagues at the 1900 convention that renominated McKinley and chose Theodore Roosevelt for vice president — “Don’t any of you realize that there’s only one life between that madman and the presidency?” — he was eerily prescient. The assassin who killed McKinley early in his second term also guaranteed that the flamboyant Roosevelt would overshadow his slain predecessor. Rove has done an admirable job of putting a historical spotlight on a once-beloved leader, reminding us that McKinley led his country into the 20th century in more than just the literal sense.

But Rove’s central thesis remains open to question: Does the election of 1896 still matter? According to Rove, the party that McKinley led to victory that year “was a frothy, diverse coalition of owners and workers, longtime Americans and new citizens, lifetime Republicans and fresh converts drawn together by common beliefs and allegiances.” It is clear that the author would like to see his party fit this description again, but sluggish economic growth and fury over illegal immigration have sparked a populist revolt against the Republican elite. Cultural, economic, and political divisions — driven largely by mass immigration, assortative mating, and the growing desire of people to live only among those like themselves — have made unity seem a distant dream. The mainstream politicians in the presidential race languish in relative obscurity, while the fiery demagogue Donald Trump remains at the top of the polls. Rove believes that McKinley’s campaign “provides lessons either party could use today to end an era of a 50–50 nation and gain the edge for a durable period.” That might be true, but for the moment the McKinley playbook appears not to be in fashion.

– Mr. Bishop is the corporate-communications manager of Strategic Investment Group. He has held several posts on Capitol Hill and in the White House and is the former executive director of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
685292,"Courage on Entitlements, for a Change

By Daniel Foster — November 8, 2011

When friends ask me what I think of the 2012 presidential race, I have a line for them. I tell them it’s shaping up as the meeting of a stoppable force and a movable object. That is, there are few plausible scenarios in which a sitting president who has bankrupted the country only to deliver economic anemia—the president of Obamacare and Occupy Wall Street, stimulus and Solyndra—could find the electoral votes to realize a second term. And yet none among the Republican field have inspired confidence that they are the man (or woman) to beat him. Many have raised as many questions as they have answered about their policy know-how, political acumen, or both. And then there is Mitt Romney.

He started the race with sizable financial and organizational advantages over all comers, and built-in support in crucial early primary states. He quietly competes even in Iowa, despite a carefully cultivated front of indifference there. He has watched, largely unscathed, as his opponents attack each other into oblivion in thus-far-unsuccessful attempts to emerge as the consensus alternative. In a party that, for good and for ill, selects presidential candidates based in large part on “whose turn it is,” Romney has had every incentive to stand pat, running a safe campaign based on comfortable platitudes and gaffe minimization. Indeed, we’ve seen him peeking ahead at the general even as the primary gets more competitive, whether it’s wavering on support for a right to work measure in bellwether Ohio or hedging on a debate question on immigration.

All of this makes Romney’s plan for entitlement reform a most pleasant surprise. Here are the editors, today:

Most significant, Romney outlined a plan that would transform Medicare into a premium-support program — while holding current seniors and near-retirees harmless, and retaining an optional form of traditional Medicare (restructured as a premium-charging government insurance plan) to smooth the transition. It differs in details from the plan introduced by Rep. Paul Ryan and supported by the overwhelming majority of congressional Republicans, but the plans share their most critical features: reintroducing choice to seniors and competition to the health-insurance market while defusing the fiscal time bomb that is Medicare before it beggars the nation. In his speech, Romney also vowed to introduce forms of means testing to both Medicare and Social Security, while gently raising the eligibility age of the latter. All of this — as well as his promises to block-grant Medicaid to the states and institute real cuts in discretionary spending — deserves praise. Romney’s buy-in on entitlement reform puts the center of gravity of the Republican field in more or less the right place on the most momentous issue of the day. Rick Perry and Newt Gingrich have embraced premium support in broad outline. Rick Santorum and Jon Huntsman have endorsed the Ryan plan explicitly. And though she has since been equivocal, Michele Bachmann voted for it. (Only Herman Cain remains difficult to pin down, though he did signal support for Medicaid block-granting in a recent debate with Newt Gingrich.)

It’s as sound policy-wise as it is politically risky. For that reason, I’m not sure it won’t turn out to be a tactical mistake for Romney should he become the nominee. But if it’s a mistake, it’s a — gasp — principled one.

More here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
697703,"Plus one article on Google Plus

Ah, yes, urgent call, we’re killing the panet. The end is nigh. Again. Still. Whatever. Anyway, mobilize the masses immediately. Meanwhile, planning is underway for next year’s event…

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
484937,"The House Prepares a Response

By Robert Costa — September 25, 2013

As the Senate moves toward a vote on a modified version of the House’s continuing resolution, House Republicans are plotting a response. But nothing has been finalized, and the leadership is treading carefully.

At least that’s the message coming out of a closed-door meeting at the Capitol, where House Republican leaders huddled for an hour on Wednesday.

According to sources in the room, the leadership is trying to avert a shutdown and rally conservatives for the debt-limit battle. To do both, they plan to fight until the eleventh hour on the CR, but eventually ask Republicans to fund the government and focus on the debt limit.

It’ll be a tricky dance, and the dynamics are fluid. But here’s how my sources expect the drama to unfold: First, the House leadership will unveil its debt-limit legislation on Thursday, hoping to stoke enthusiasm in the ranks. The reason for an early rollout: the leadership doesn’t expect an immediate embrace.

As they talk up their debt-limit plan, the leadership will also try to get a CR through. After the Senate cuts out the defunding language from the House’s CR, the House will send a revised CR with another demand back to the Senate. One option is a one-year delay of Obamacare’s individual mandate, or a related health-care gambit. House Republicans will champion that revised CR, but it’ll face a quick death in the Reid-controlled Senate.

At that point, as the Monday deadline nears, the leadership will likely move to pass a clean CR in order to avoid a shutdown. To do that, they’ll need conservatives to abandon the CR and make the debt limit the battleground — a difficult task. Speaker John Boehner may even pass a short-term CR as those discussions continue, looking to buy time.

So, as one aide says, it’ll be a “ping-pong match” and show votes for a few days (or weeks), followed by some hard strategic decisions for Republicans. Boehner wants to fund the government, and he wants to push for debt-limit concessions, but he first has to balance the House’s many blocs.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
705631,"Ian Tuttle May 29, 2017, Issue @iptuttle by

The vague and dangerous ideology of leftist violence

There is currently, on the streets, smashing storefronts and setting things on fire, a group called “Antifa,” for “anti-fascist.” Antifa are not a new phenomenon; they surfaced during the Occupy movement, and during the anti-globalization protests of the late 1990s and early 2000s. Antifa movements began in early-20th-century Europe, when fascism was a concrete and urgent concern, and they remain active on the Continent. Lately, Antifa have emerged as the militant fringe of #TheResistance against Donald Trump — who, they maintain, is a fascist, ushering into power a fascist regime. In Washington, D.C., Antifa spent the morning of Inauguration Day lighting trash cans on fire, throwing rocks and bottles at police officers, setting ablaze a limousine, and tossing chunks of pavement through the windows of several businesses. On February 1, Antifa set fires and stormed buildings at the University of California–Berkeley to prevent an appearance by Breitbart provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos. (They succeeded.) In April, they threatened violence if Ann Coulter spoke on the campus; when the university and local law enforcement refused to find a secure location for her to speak, she withdrew, saying the situation was too dangerous.

These and similar episodes call to mind Woody Allen’s character’s observation in the 1979 film Manhattan: “A satirical piece in the Times is one thing, but bricks and baseball bats really gets right to the point of it.”

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
717614,"Save the Hospitals

Discharging the mentally ill from hospitals prematurely endangers them and others.

By D. J. Jaffe — September 18, 2013

The media are reporting that Aaron Alexis, who murdered twelve at the Washington Navy Yard, had mental illness, had been treated in a psychiatric hospital, and was released. Martin Redrick, who punched and killed Jeffrey Babbitt in Union Square in New York City earlier this month, had mental illness, had been hospitalized, and was released. Dean A. Friese, who stabbed his mother to death on Saturday in St. Cloud, Minn., had mental illness, had been hospitalized, and was released. Anyone seeing a pattern here?

No one is saying persons with serious mental illness have to be permanently hospitalized. But neither can we pretend that hospitalization is never needed. Discharging sick people quickly may be expedient, but it can also be deadly.

According to E. Fuller Torrey of the Treatment Advocacy Center, the United States is now short 100,000 beds for people with serious mental illness — assuming states have excellent community services, which they don’t. State mental-health directors are locking the hospital front doors, throwing open the back doors, and burying their heads in the sand as patients are turned into prisoners.

Take New York as an example. New York City’s Rikers Island jail already has more mentally ill than all the state hospitals combined. Despite that, the New York State Office of Mental Health is pushing a plan to close more mental hospitals in the state. The details are vague, but the results clear. The plan will put New Yorkers with and without mental illness at risk. New York State couches its cruel plan in self-serving albeit laudable language about helping people with mental illness live in an environment less restrictive than a state hospital. But the consequences will likely be the opposite: more people incarcerated.

New York claims state psychiatric hospitals are not needed and points to California and Texas as role models. They have only five and eight state psychiatric hospitals, respectively, compared with New York’s 24. But both states have more than twice as many mentally ill incarcerated as New York does. In California, the mentally ill are almost four times as likely to be incarcerated as hospitalized. In Texas, it is eight times. The courts have found California’s system to be cruel and unusual punishment, noting that the lack of treatment has caused people with mental illness to be held in telephone-booth-sized cages while wallowing in their feces. Mentally ill defendants in Texas line death row for horrific acts that most likely would never have been committed had they been provided the right care.

Law-enforcement officials, who bear the brunt of the failure to provide sufficient hospital beds, have become the major proponents of preserving them. The sheriff in Ventura County, Calif., is trying to raise funds to build his own psychiatric hospital. Michael Biasotti, immediate past president of the New York State Association of Chiefs of Police, has written movingly about the issue

Police and sheriffs are being overwhelmed dealing with the unintended consequences of a policy change that in effect removed the daily care of our nation’s severely mentally ill population from the medical community and placed it with the criminal justice system. This policy change has caused a spike in the frequency of arrests of severely mentally ill persons, prison and jail population and the homeless population. . . . The deinstitutionalization of the severely mentally ill population has become a major consumer of law enforcement resources nationwide.

There are three times as many Americans incarcerated for mental illness as hospitalized. And it’s expensive. Every jail admission requires a crime, a cop, a district attorney, a defense attorney, a cell, a guard, and a probation or parole officer. Of course, some, like Aaron Alexis, only get a bullet.

More money is not needed. Better leadership is.

In 2014, local, state, and federal government will spend over $$200 billion on mental health, more than enough to fund hospitals for the seriously ill or community services that would reduce the need in the long run. But instead of the funds’ being focused on the most seriously ill, it will be frittered away on bullying, bad grades, fighting poverty, improving housing, finding jobs, and other worthy social-service programs that have little if anything to do with the elephant in the room: untreated serious mental illness.

California is the poster child for this mission creep. It passed a 1 percent tax on millionaires in 2004 to provide services for people with serious mental illness and reduce levels of their incarceration. Almost $$10 billion was raised, but it funded massage chairs, hip-hop car washes, and advertising campaigns meant to convince the public that California was making progress. But as California mental-health advocate Jeffery Hayden noted, “for the mentally ill, the metaphorical ‘patient’s temperature’ is homelessness, incarceration, death, suicide and despair, and in looking through this framework, the patient is only getting sicker.”

One solution is to make state mental-health departments fiscally accountable for all the criminal-justice costs of the mentally ill who are arrested, involuntarily committed, or incarcerated. This simple accounting trick would remove from states the financial incentive to discharge patients from state-funded hospitals to county-funded jails.

Congress should eliminate from Medicaid the “Institutes for Mental Disease” provision, which largely prohibits federal funding for long-term care of people with mental illness. If you have an illness in any organ of your body other than the brain and need long-term care, Medicaid pays. If it’s in your brain, they don’t. So a state will kick people out of psychiatric hospitals, where it bears 100 percent of the financial burden, to make them eligible for 50 percent Medicaid reimbursement. Whether the state pays or Medicaid pays, the taxpayer pays. But eliminating the provision would reduce crime by those who are released without adequate support.

We’ve previously written on NRO about Pamela Hyde, who should be replaced as head of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. SAMHSA is responsible for developing federal policies to reduce the impact of mental illness on the communities and has failed to do so. Ms. Hyde recently told critics that while she is aware people with untreated serious mental illness have a greater propensity toward violence, SAMHSA would not address the issue, to avoid inflicting “stigma.”

— D. J. Jaffe is executive director of Mental Illness Policy Org., a nonprofit, non-partisan think tank on serious mental illness.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
698724,"Even moveon.org will be hard-pressed to make your correspondent’s claim, Kathryn. Peugeot and Citroen have 60% of the French car market sewn up, with the other major players being BMW and the Japanese. GM Europe and Ford are not powerhouses there (and I believe Ford’s sales have declined in recent years).

We had a Peugeot once while I was growing up. It was a pretty good vehicle until something went wrong with the engine and it took about 6 months to get the part from France. We went for GM Vauxhall cars after that.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207004,"Letters

By The Editors & The Editors — May 23, 2016, Issue

The Apartment of Labor

Scott Lincicome’s comprehensive and illuminating article “The Truth about Trade” (April 11) describes several government policies that have acted to exacerbate current labor-market inefficiencies. One could speculate on the role of an additional government policy in the genesis of the problem — its aggressive promotion of home ownership. Unable to deal politically with middle-class wage stagnation, the government for decades sought to prop up middle- and lower-class living standards by pushing subprime-mortgage availability through the banking system. (It worked pretty well until 2008.) The anchoring effect of home ownership could well act as an additional deterrent to work-force mobility.

J. A. Frascino

Upper Saddle River, N.J.

Crows and Crockery!

In the “The Week” (April 11), the editors referred to Donald Trump’s supporters, contemptuously, as “Trumpkins.” Thimbles and thunderstorms! Is that any way to use the name of an honorable Dwarf, a loyal servant of King Caspian X, and (at the end of his life) a Lord Regent of Narnia? I do hope that an apology to Trumpkin will be forthcoming in your next issue.

Nicholas Arkison

Via e-mail

Tiresome Fleshpots

I appreciated Ross Douthat’s review of the underappreciated Terrence Malick movie Knight of Cups (“Angelic Fleshpots,” April 25). In one respect my reaction differed from his, however. I don’t think Malick needed and failed to portray how “the appeal of a life lived in the moment, and more specifically the appeal of a purely physical attitude toward sex,” managed to keep the main character from hearkening to the call of redemption. I don’t think the allegory was supposed to be that heavy. Bunyan is thematically relevant, but so is the Zen-master character who asserts the completeness and perfection of the present moment, a character whom I see as an exponent of something useful rather than as an adversary. The main character, being aware and perceptive and reflective, discovers within the present moment, which after all includes his own state of mind and his ability to think about it, the unsatisfactoriness of his romantic involvements. Less than wicked, they turn out to be subtly empty. Malick dramatizes that in a convincing way, although perhaps at a cost in drama.

David Rawlston

Via e-mail",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
96478,"You have to hand it to Chuck Schumer — he was dealt a brutal hand, but the man is putting on, if not a master class, a graduate-level seminar in misdirection and obfuscation. In the blink of a November eye, the New York Democrat went from majority leader in waiting to de facto leader of The Resistance on Capitol Hill, the only man standing between Republicans and a full complement on the Supreme Court.



First, Schumer sought to undermine the legitimacy of the nomination, in what amounts to a cheeky nod to last year’s Republican blockade. The dark cloud of Russian meddling hangs over this president, you see, so it just wouldn’t be prudent to confirm his pick until we get answers.

Like the GOP maneuver it echoes, it is a superficially plausible rationale with a certain internal logic, but ultimately a fig leaf meant to conceal a utilitarian political play. How do we know this? Thanks to the parallel case, which is recommending a filibuster of Gorsuch on the the grounds that this is an ill-gotten seat: The vacancy occurred under President Obama’s watch, he tapped a judge with unimpeachable credentials, the GOP Senate abdicated its constitutional obligation, and this is therefore Merrick Garland’s seat. So would they block Garland if Trump had nominated him? It can’t be both.

And, indeed, the third and final angle suggests that they would block Gorsuch — namely, he should not be confirmed because he is outside the “mainstream,” favors corporations over ordinary Americans, and adheres to a callous form of textualism that leaves no room for nuance or compassion for working people.

Neither party has a monopoly on bad faith, but the advantage of McConnell’s gambit was its simplicity. The election-year-vacancy rule, however contrived, lent itself to relentless message discipline. Republicans took great care not to indulge a debate on the process of the nomination, much less the merits of the nominee. It’s here where Schumer’s approach fails: Democrats are lodging an ideological complaint, wrapped in an appeal to principle, inside a procedural red herring.



Schumer’s muddled pretext has flushed his members down an agonizing logical cul de sac. Take Claire McCaskill, emerging from a self-proclaimed “vortex” to announce that she would join a filibuster, despite being up for reelection in 2018 in a state that went for Donald Trump by 19 points less than six months ago. Consider the tortured lede of her piece at Medium.com:

This is a really difficult decision for me. I am not comfortable with either choice. While I have come to the conclusion that I can’t support Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court — and will vote no on the procedural vote and his confirmation — I remain very worried about our polarized politics and what the future will bring, since I’m certain we will have a Senate rule change that will usher in more extreme judges in the future.

While you wouldn’t know it from Schumer’s dodgy rhetoric, or from McCaskill’s em-dash aside, these outcomes are not mutually exclusive. Indeed, it is precisely Senator McCaskill’s opposition on the procedural vote that will probably precipitate the rule change she professes to fear.

In a neat bit of sophistry, Schumer has injected into the narrative bloodstream the ahistorical notion of a 60-vote threshold for nominees to the high court. Not only is this clearly false, it conflates the confirmation vote itself with the procedural hurdle to “end debate” and proceed to consideration. There is no 60-vote requirement for Supreme Court nominees, formal or otherwise, and it is exceedingly rare for a vote on a nominee to be preceded by a vote on procedure. Traditionally the decorum of the Senate dictates that members grant “unanimous consent” to limit debate, thereby waiving their right to object and allowing a given matter to receive an up or down vote.



In fact, of the 29 Supreme Court nominations considered by the Senate since the advent of the modern filibuster, only three have faced a roll-call vote for purposes of invoking cloture: Abe Fortas, who was already on the bench, but whose elevation to chief justice was rejected on a bipartisan basis; William Rehnquist, who successfully ran the cloture-vote gauntlet first as a would-be associate justice and later to be chief; and Samuel Alito, the first nominee to face scrutiny in a nuclear environment, as the judicial filibuster had nearly been eliminated months earlier, spared only by a bipartisan “gang” of institutionalists.

Clarence Thomas, whose infamously bilious hearings culminated in the narrowest confirmation margin in history, avoided a procedural blockade. Even Robert Bork wasn’t “borked” on cloture.

But this is all academic, right? The staggered thresholds are such that voting to end debate is tantamount to supporting the nominee.

Actually, no — while the sample size is minuscule, both instances of successfully invoked cloture resulted in different vote counts on final passage. In Rehnquist’s case, two liberal Republicans who voted to end debate ultimately voted against his ascension to be chief justice. Alito’s nomination earned the support of three Senate Democrats, a figure Gorsuch may well eclipse. But no fewer than 16 others crossed over on cloture, acknowledging the judge’s qualifications without endorsing his judicial philosophy.

A decade (and several wave elections) later, most of those 16 Democrats are long gone. But a handful remain: Tom Carper of Delaware, Maria Cantwell of Washington, and Bill Nelson of Florida. All voted to give Alito an up or down vote on principle despite opposing his confirmation. Each has already pledged to deny Gorsuch that same courtesy.

So barring a last-minute cave by purple-state Democrats or an unlikely deal freelanced by a GOP rump, the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations will be a thing of the past. Democrats will gratify their base with a pyrrhic show of force. But one way or another, Gorsuch will sit on the Court, and he’ll be approved on a bipartisan basis. The only question is whether this futile tantrum marks the culmination of Senate dysfunction or the beginning of a new era.

— Liam Donovan is a former GOP staffer who works in government relations in Washington, D.C.

READ MORE:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719877,"The death of Yasser Arafat is the stuff of conspiracy theories. The cause of it is unknown. Aged 75 when he died in 2004, he had not been in good health. One rumor was that he had cancer, probably leukemia, and another was that he had AIDS. Ion Pacepa, head of the Securitate, or secret police, in Communist Romania described in a memoir how his organization had to procure young boys for Arafat. Was this true, or disinformation? Announcing that Arafat was so ill that he had to be flown to Paris for treatment, BBC reporter Barbara Plett wept, one of millions who wanted to believe that Arafat’s career of terror and corruption was really liberation from the cruelties of Israel. When Arafat then died in Paris, yet another rumor sprang up that these selfsame cruel Israelis had poisoned him. It is fair to say that most Arabs and maybe almost all Palestinians are convinced of this.

Of all American presidents, Bill Clinton came closest to getting Arafat to compromise, and Hillary Clinton famously exchanged kisses with Suha, Arafat’s wife. Until recently, Suha refused to allow the exhumation of Arafat’s remains or the analysis of his clothes. Once she had given permission, forensic teams from Switzerland, Russia, and France got to work. The Swiss have now reported levels of Polonium-210 high enough to support “moderately” that this is what killed him. Does that “moderately” convey a little, a lot, or nothing? Nine years have passed since the death, and anyone could have tampered with the remains and especially the clothing. Suha has been quick to say categorically that the death was a crime, adding that he had many enemies who might have committed it.

Needless to say, fingers are already pointing at Israel. They certainly had the capacity and have conducted targeted assassinations. But Israeli politicians and the military always said that Arafat invariably took decisions that did harm to his cause, and therefore Israel had an interest in preserving him as Palestinian leader. Again, true or disinformation? The Russians used polonium to kill Alexander Litvinenko, so they know the form. Their forensic experts have not yet reported, nor have the French. If they too come up with a verdict supporting that “moderately,” the conspiracy-mongers will be occupied for years to come.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
599836,"This just happened in London:

A van driving at high speed mowed down pedestrians on London Bridge late Saturday night before the occupants got out and began stabbing patrons at nearby bars and restaurants, witnesses said in an attack that police described as the latest in a string of deadly terrorist strikes to hit Britain this spring. Witnesses described a rampage that left a trail of bloodied bodies on the bridge and in the adjacent Borough Market — both of which are London landmarks. The low-tech but high-profile attack will raise questions about how British security services failed to stop yet another mass casualty strike after years of thwarting such attempts. Police said in a 4 a.m. news conference on Sunday that six people had been killed, and that officers had shot dead the three attackers. London Ambulance Service issued a statement saying it had taken more than 30 patients to five hospitals.

If the past is any guide, the next few days will feature (once again) a lot of talk about love, including lots of folks saying that “love will triumph over hate” or that “love can’t give in to hate.” A bit of moral clarity is in order.

It is right and necessary to cover the victims and their families with love and support — not just tomorrow but in the days and weeks and years to come. Innocent men and women will be scarred and traumatized for the rest of their lives. They should be loved and supported for the rest of their lives.

It is right and necessary for individuals to continue to love their neighbors, but they should not be naive about their neighbors — some of them are jihadist murderers or support jihadist murderers.

Consequently, it is also “loving” to wake up to the reality of jihad and its pervasiveness within certain Muslim communities. You are not loving your neighbor if you believe lies, and your belief of lies makes you and your nation more vulnerable to evil.

Finally, a nation that refuses to adequately protect its citizens does not love its citizens. Britain is a great nation, and there was a time when its greatness manifested itself in decisive and courageous force against the most terrible foes. There is much courage in Britain still. Will its government care enough about its citizens to unleash that courage against its mortal enemies?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103942,"Tax reform is a really good idea. The U.S. needs a tax policy that has incentives for businesses and entrepreneurs to locate in America and spend at a faster rate on innovation, workers, repairs, and new plants and equipment.

The place to start is the corporate income tax, which harms our international competitiveness in two important ways. First, the 35 percent rate is far too high: when combined with state-level taxes, American corporations face the highest tax rates among our developed competitors. The rate should be reduced to 25 percent or lower. Ways and Means chairman Dave Camp recently articulated a goal of having a maximum rate of 25 percent for both individuals and businesses. He should be applauded for that objective.

Second, the United States remains the only developed country to tax corporations based on their worldwide earnings. Our competitors follow a territorial approach in which, say, a German corporation pays taxes to Germany only on its earnings in Germany, to the U.S. only on its earnings here, and so forth. If we were to adopt the territorial approach, we would place our firms on a level playing field with their competitors.

Proponents of the worldwide approach argue that because it doesn’t let American firms enjoy lower taxes when they invest abroad, it gives them no incentive to send jobs overseas. Imagine two Ohio firms, they say: one invests $100 million in Ohio, the other $100 million in Brazil. The worldwide approach treats the profits on these two investments equally, wisely giving the company that invests in Brazil no advantage over its competitor.

But this line of reasoning ignores three points. First, because firms all over the world will pay lower taxes than the two Ohio companies, the likeliest outcome of the scenario is that both firms will fail, unable to compete effectively with global rivals. Second, when American multinational firms invest and expand employment abroad, it is usually done to sell to these new markets. By expanding markets abroad they tend also to invest and expand employment in the United States. In the end, healthy, competitive firms grow and expand, while uncompetitive firms do not, meaning that our goal should be to make sure that American companies don’t end up overtaxed, uncompetitive, and eventually out of business. And finally, because the U.S. is the holdout using a worldwide approach, it is at a disadvantage as the location for the headquarters of large, global firms. As the U.S. loses the headquarters, it will lose as well the employment, research, and manufacturing that typically is located nearby. As one U.S. CEO told me recently, “Our headquarters are here solely because of an historical accident.”

All of this makes perfect sense. Unfortunately, change is unlikely to happen quickly. The United States has had an income tax for nearly 100 years. During that period you can count on one hand the number of significant, broad-based reforms that have been enacted. Simply put, tax reform is hard. It requires consensus-building and significant presidential leadership.

President Obama is unlikely to provide that leadership, at least in the near term. #more#To begin, he has staked out too narrow a corner by focusing exclusively on corporate reform. Obviously, I agree that a lot has to be done in that area, but in the end good tax policy requires that pass-thru businesses that are taxed at the individual rates should face the same taxes as C-corporations. As Chairman Camp recognizes, this requires broader reform than the administration is discussing.

These issues suggest that comprehensive reform is more likely to be a 2013 legislative item than a 2011 initiative. At the same time, there are rumors that Congress and the administration are interested in moving a tax bill to support economic growth (and which will not be called “stimulus”). How does this fit into the reform picture?

The obvious requirement is that anything done in 2011 should be consistent with the long-run goals for 2013 reform. To my eye, there are two candidates. The first is an immediate rate cut to 25 percent. Unfortunately, to get it right, both the corporate rate and the individual top rate would have to come down. I just can’t see any hope of Democrats lining up to support “tax cuts for the rich.”

The second option is to immediately move to a territorial base, which would permit tax-free repatriation. In its best form, the repatriation rule change would be permanent because it is part of the pathway to fundamental reform and because permanent tax changes have better incentive effects. The U.S. would immediately become a better location for headquarters and benefit from the ability of companies to move trillions of dollars from offshore investments to domestic expansion. If even a single dollar of investment moves into the U.S., our economy benefits.

The U.S. needs broad-based tax reform and Congress is looking for near-term changes in tax incentives. Moving toward a territorial corporate-tax system is the sensible reform that would support the recovery in the short run and pave the way for increased economic growth in the long run.

— Douglas Holtz-Eakin is president of the American Action Forum.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
25846,"My pal Douglas Webber, an economist at Temple University, recently testified before the Senate HELP committee — along with AEI’s Andrew Kelly — on institutional risk-sharing. Dr. Webber is out this week with a more digestible op-ed in the Chronicle of Higher Education.

National student-loan debt is $1.3 trillion, and delinquency rates on student loans are roughly equal to those on subprime mortgages before the great recession. Given these grim statistics, policy makers are increasingly asking whether colleges should shoulder some of the financial burden, which now falls only on the taxpayer. As I told the U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions during testimony last month concerning the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, it is in the best interest of students, taxpayers, and the economy that colleges have “skin in the game” when it comes to their students’ future economic success. The most straightforward way of doing this would be to impose a penalty on colleges equal to some proportion (e.g. 20 percent) of the value of the student loans that past students have defaulted on.

Webber is clear that the point of risk-sharing isn’t the penalty.

The benefit of risk-sharing lies not in the penalty itself, but in the changes in decision-making that it promises. As a general rule, any policy aimed at improving graduation rates, time to degree, debt, or earnings or employment after graduation would have an incentive under a risk-sharing policy. For example, a 2013 report by Complete College America found that the average associate-degree program offered at two-year institutions required 65 credits, with many programs requiring over 70 credits. This growth in required credits substantially departs from the historical norm of 60.

Read his whole essay on this important topic here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
735278,"Minn. Obamacare Exchange Employee E-mails Thousands of Social Security Numbers

By Andrew Johnson — September 13, 2013

An employee with MNsure, Minnesota’s new health-insurance exchange, e-mailed the names, addresses, and Social Security numbers of thousands of insurance agents to an insurance broker applying to be an Obamacare “navigator,” highlighting concerns many have expressed about the security of the law’s new exchanges.

The Star Tribune reports the employee accidently sent an e-mail containing the information of about 2,400 insurance agents to a local insurance broker. MNsure officials said once they realized the mistake, they called the broker and explained how to delete the information from his computer.

“The more I thought about it, the more troubled I was,” the broker who received the info said. “What if this had fallen into the wrong hands? It’s scary. If this is happening now, how can clients of MNsure be confident their data is safe?”

The broker and the MNsure employee had been e-mailing because the broker was interested in registering as a certified “navigator,” who will help sign up people to the exchanges when it opens October 1. Critics of the law have called on federal and state governments to address potential privacy concerns created by the navigators, who will have access to the personal information of those they’re signing up for the exchanges.

“It’s unsecured, on an Excel spreadsheet — which is using outdated technology to transfer that information in the first place,” the broker said. “They’ve got to realize they have a huge problem.”

MNsure said it is investigating the incident, but believes it was accidental.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
703343,"Re: A Misleading Talking Point on Today’s Jobs Report

By Nicole Gelinas — August 6, 2010

Agreed. To complement Stephen’s fine post: Even as state and local governments have lost 212,000 jobs over the past year, state and local job totals stand at 19.5 million. We’re still 1.6 million people, or 8.7 percent, above the figures from summer 2000.

By contrast, residential construction has lost 31 percent of its jobs since summer 2000.

Both residential construction and state and local government jobs depend on the same bubble-era environment for their funding. So, it’s quite likely we’ve seen only the beginning of economic adjustment here.

As with any other big shift in the economy, the government’s job is to help individuals — with unemployment insurance and the like — rather than try to avoid the shift altogether with massive subsidies.

Please read more about this here.

— Nicole Gelinas is a contributing editor to the Manhattan Institute’s City Journal and author of After the Fall.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
402093,"The P.C. Civil War?

By John J. Miller — November 18, 2008

Today’s Between the Covers interview is with Harry Crocker, author of The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Civil War. It’s a spirited discussion that pits Harry’s southern sympathies against my own Midwestern nationalism.

Last week, for those who were cruising or otherwise distracted, we posted two very interesting podcasts: foreign-policy historian George Herring (a worthy Pulitzer candidate) and science-fiction author Orson Scott Card (on his new novel, the war on terror, and Mormonism).

Also, for those who rolled their eyes at this, check out Burt Folsom on why the New Deal was an economic disaster.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
287308,"Oh Scientia! Oh Mores!

The whole ‘science denier’ canard is a weapon wielded by people who often harbor their own doubts about the scientific consensus.

By Jonah Goldberg — September 12, 2017

Over the last two weeks we’ve heard a lot of folderol and bambosh about Republicans, conservatives, Texans — etc. — not “believing” in science because recent hurricanes have been bad and climate change is causing it and blah blah blah.

As you can probably tell, I don’t think much of all that. We had a historic lull in hurricanes until the lull was over. Once the hurricanes started back up, so did the claim that climate change caused the hurricanes just as the scientists predicted — the same scientists who didn’t predict the lull. Similarly, California had a historic drought that recently came to an end. Most of the climate models say that California should get wetter because of global warming. But that didn’t stop President Obama and others from suggesting the dry spell was a symptom of climate change. Then, when California experienced huge amounts of precipitation, suddenly the models were prescient.

But look: I don’t want to debate global warming because a) it’s boring to me, b) you get screamed at by people who act like we have seconds to act before the world ends, and c) you — or at least I — also get screamed at by people who insist it’s all a complete hoax. For those interested, I’m basically in the Matt Ridley “lukewarmer”camp.

Now, back to my point. This whole “don’t believe in science” canard amounts to ackamarackus bordering on flimflam. Even if you were a 100 percent “denier” of climate change, that wouldn’t necessarily mean you don’t “believe” in science. Indeed, many of the hardcore rejectionists I know are really, really, really into the science of climate change (tell the guys at CEI they don’t believe in science, I dare you). They just tend to think the prevailing “consensus” is a politically and journalistically contrived sham. But even if you are a “denier” without being a science dork, that doesn’t necessarily mean you don’t believe in “science.” Rejecting one scientific finding — whether accurate or inaccurate — doesn’t mean you must reject all “science,” never mind suggest that you don’t “believe” in it.

To be honest, I don’t know what people who say “you don’t believe in science” think they mean when they say it. Climate “deniers” don’t insist the world is flat (though I have to assume flat-earthers have unconventional views on atmospheric science). They don’t refuse to take medical treatment or prescribed drugs. They have faith that the internal-combustion engine is based on sound science. Etc.

Often, when I stupidly engage people who sincerely claim that Republicans or conservatives don’t “believe in science,” I like to point out that many liberals and leftists have problems with science, too. People who want to ban golden rice or other GMOs; people who deny that a fetus is a whole human; people who insist fetal pain is a myth; people who get outraged by claims that, say, men can’t get pregnant. The list goes on and on. And yet, I don’t argue that “Democrats don’t believe in science.” You know why? Because that would be stupid.

Anyway, what brought all this to mind was a story in the Washington Post this morning. Apparently, researchers claim they can tell whether you’re a homosexual or lesbian by using facial-recognition software. The results aren’t perfect, they claim, but the computers apparently do better than humans at guessing which team you play for — or secretly want to play for but don’t.

Not surprisingly, gay-rights groups are angry! They don’t like it! And, to be honest, I can understand why. But that’s not the point.

We’ll probably find out that some things are wired, some are a choice, and most are a mix of the two.

Both GLAAD and Human Rights Watch can’t seem to decide whether the science is bad because it’s fake and flawed or bad because it might work. A representative of GLAAD said something interesting: “Technology cannot identify someone’s sexual orientation.”

Wait a second. Who says? Maybe this effort isn’t up to snuff yet. But saying that technology can never identify someone’s sexual orientation strikes me as pretty anti-sciencey, unless we’re now back to saying sexual orientation is a choice, which opens a whole new kettle of fish.

Anyway, I’m not sure what I think about this technology or its ramifications, but I have no problem with the notion that science will be able to figure out these things (and we’ll probably find out that some things are wired, some are a choice, and most are a mix of the two).

The point is that opponents don’t like this science because of the political and social consequences of it. Maybe there’s a parallel here with some “deniers” of climate change. But only those deniers get accused of not “believing” in science.

READ MORE:

How to Recognize ‘Science Denial’

Progressives Claim to Love Science, But What They Truly Love Is Power

Climate-Change Activists Are the Real Science Deniers

— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
669066,"The gathering of NATO leaders today in Riga, Latvia, celebrates two events significant for the future happiness of the Western world. One is the agreement, after months of begging by commanders on the ground, to provide enough soldiers to accomplish NATO’s mission in Afghanistan. The other is Jacques Chirac’s last birthday as president of France.

Both come in the nick of time. NATO, which is less a military alliance than a massive welfare fraud in which rich European countries bilk American taxpayers in order to avoid paying for their own defense, has been saddled in Afghanistan with a bunch of soldiers who aren’t allowed to go to places where bad people might shoot at them — notably, the south, where Taliban activity is heaviest. The need for more flexibility in assigning troops has been a problem in Afghanistan since NATO first took on the leading role there. For months, as this BBC report shows, the alliance has been asking for 2500 soldiers to help out, only to be met with silence.

The press sinister meanwhile has already launched the “spiral of violence” chapter of its now-familiar futility narrative, the one that won defeat in Vietnam and seems likely to do so now in Iraq. This tirade, by Robert Fox in the Guardian, is but one example. As a result, the longer the need for troops drags on, the more problems there are and the more difficult it becomes getting nations to volunteer to send soldiers to places where they might get shot for causes the press has deemed lost. However this morning, a BBC World Service interviewer was shocked into momentary silence after he unwisely asked Poland’s defense minister, Radoslaw Sikorsky, why Poland was sending 1,000 more soldiers to fight in Afghanistan “when the war there is not popular at home.” Sikorsky replied that actually “wars are never popular — they cost money and people get hurt” — but that Poland felt doing its part was the nature of an alliance. Not French, those Poles.

As ITN reports, the NATO agreement today comes after an appeal by President Bush for member nations to “accept difficult assignments” and to share in risks. At the moment, the only NATO members with combat troops in the southern part of Afghanistan are the U.S., Britain, Canada, and the Netherlands. (The Australians are also helping NATO forces in Kandahar province.) Under the agreement announced today, most of the shortfall will be made up by soldiers from countries like Romania and Poland. As Le Monde notes, the alliance’s wealthiest nations — including France, Italy, Germany, and Spain — have refused to send their troops into harm’s way, and despite their rhetoric, they have no intention of changing that policy now. Most of them mouthed pieties such as these in Chirac’s remarks, but the major concession they’re making in Riga is to allow their deployment in the south in case of “emergencies” — something each of them will define as they go and as they like.

One thing Islamic extremists and French politicians have in common? They all think NATO’s a hoot. Put Jacques Chirac in a bag with Henny Youngman’s wife and take them both, please: Yesterday, Chirac claimed that Russian president Vladimir Putin had invited himself to Riga to celebrate Chirac’s birthday — something that came as an unwelcome shock, no doubt, to the Latvians who haven’t entertained a Russian leader since their independence and hadn’t thought of doing so until now.

It was an outlandish claim, but for Chirac, it would have been a personal triumph to derail a NATO summit using only farce; after all, France contributes nothing to NATO but regrets and obstacles. For his part, no doubt Putin would have loved to join with Chirac in diminishing the summit. It would have been a help in covering up his own problems with the CIS and, as the Times reports, overshadowing Bush’s welcoming overtures to Georgia and Ukraine. But Chirac’s claim that Putin had invited himself to dinner in the middle of a summit to which he was not invited and in a nation that would prefer not to have him embarrassed even the Russians, who, if the St. Petersburg Times can be believed, carry travel-paks of radioactive condiments everywhere they go.

Most of Riga is closed to business during the summit, so maybe the birthday boy just couldn’t find a pony to rent. No matter. The extravagant story of the man who wasn’t coming to dinner fascinated the French press who saw the Putin intervention as one of life’s random bonuses, like a 35-hour workweek or free global defense. They actually believed Chirac’s wacky story that crazy Putin was the would-be summit-crasher, and when it didn’t come true, they were triste as heck. Le Figaro blamed Bush and the Americans for spoiling Jacques’ party, while Libération suggested maybe it was the lack of hospitality by Latvia toward the Russians — who were houseguests in the country for a mere 50 years — who were the big, wet Baltic blankets.

Either way, in the end, Chirac had to make do with a big white cake given to him this morning by an irritated Vaira Vike-Freiberga, the president of Latvia. It was decorated with French words and blood-red roses and delivered by a soldier — unarmed, except for the cake. There was a hopeful moment as the soldier held the cake in front of the big, slightly drunk-looking geezer. One more pastis, you thought, and he’d be face-down in it. But no. Chirac simply looked suitably surprised — probably because he was allowed to eat his cake and not wear it, too.

After the conclusion of Chirac’s personal business, some ceremonial soldiers blew trumpets. Then the NATO leaders devoted a minute of silence to those fighting in Afghanistan. For the French, the Italians, the Spanish, and the Germans, it’s a silence that will go on forever. Tonight, Jacques will have a distinctly anti-climactic birthday dinner with a grouchy Vike-Freiberga. Without Vladimir, though, it will be very much like dining alone. In Latvia.

– Denis Boyles is author of Vile France: Fear, Duplicity, Cowardice and Cheese.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
131773,"States and the Gun-Control Fight

By Mario Loyola — January 14, 2013

Later this week, President Obama is going to unveil a gun-control package that will almost certainly include expanded background checks for gun purchases. The federal government will almost certainly have to deputize state officers to make that work. That could give state governments a key role in the coming debate. We know that federal law cannot require state agencies to participate in a federal program. We know that because the Supreme Court’s most important federalism case of the last 30 years — Printz. v. United States (1997) — tells us that the federal government can’t command the states to do anything.

In fact, Printz struck down a part of the Brady Act that required state officials to process background checks on prospective gun purchasers. The Court ruled that this offended “the structural framework of dual sovereignty.” In a classic opinion by Justice Antonin Scalia, the Court observed, “The power of the Federal Government would be augmented immeasurably if it were able to impress into its service–and at no cost to itself — the police officers of the 50 States.”

Alas, Congress had already discovered ways to augment its power immeasurably, without violating the clear prohibition on commandeering — namely by manipulating “cooperative federalism.” The disastrous intermingling of state and federal functions gives Congress enormous power to shape state policies through coercion — and thereby impress the officers of the states into its service just as effectively as if it were commanding them.

So watch out. If the Obama administration proposes money for states to conduct background checks, according to federal instructions, or “permission” for states to do background checks, according to federal instructions, the governments of the several states should answer with one voice: Absolutely not. Washington should pay for, implement, and be accountable for its own policies. Let the president see how much money he can get out of Congress to implement a background-check program. Meantime, states should make it clear that they will refuse to comply with any cooperative federal-state gun-control program. Quite apart from violating the Second Amendment, such programs — whether the subject matter is gun control or health insurance — are deeply corrosive to the Constitution’s federal structure. And conservatives need to start focusing much more systematically on the dangers of “cooperative federalism.”

— Mario Loyola is director of the Center for Tenth Amendment Studies at the Texas Public Policy Foundation. His article “The Federal-State Crack-Up” appears in the January-February issue of The American Interest.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
600390,"Sequester Skirmish Breaks Out on the Right

Will the House GOP hold firmly onto its leverage or throw in the towel?

By Jonathan Strong — November 20, 2013

One day after a powerful group of House Appropriations Committee “cardinals” rang an alarm bell over pending sequester spending cuts, Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell made a rare appearance at a closed-door House GOP conference meeting to plead for calm.

McConnell, a former appropriator himself, urged his House colleagues to stick together, arguing that the Budget Control Act’s across-the-board cuts are the GOP’s only salvation as Washington’s minority party. “He argued that we need to do everything we can to preserve sequester-level funding,” one member in the room says.

Republicans are still in a period of introspective soul-searching following the bruising shutdown episode, but the debate has picked up in the past few days as lawmakers begin to eye the January 15, 2014, sequester cuts and expiring continuing resolution (CR) and, several months after that, the needed debt-ceiling increase.

At his weekly meeting with his whip team Monday night, for example, House whip Kevin McCarthy made a preemptive effort to try to stomp out any thought of another shutdown before it starts. The amiable Californian told members to start thinking about the issue now, so the GOP doesn’t end up without a plan three days before the law expires. It’s not clear whether McCarthy’s shutdown concern is warranted. There are no calls to use the expiring CR to wage another Obamacare battle, even though the law’s rollout has been far worse than its fiercest detractors expected.

Instead, Republicans in the cloakroom are debating how urgently a sequester fix is needed. Leadership, conservatives, and most of the conference seems to be united around a “wait it out” approach while appropriators and defense hawks are beginning to panic about the scope of the cuts. “It’s pretty gruesome,” says Appropriations Committee chairman Hal Rogers about the cuts that are coming midway through January. “It’s our leverage, but at some point we’re going to have to use it,” Representative Charlie Dent, an appropriator and chairman of the moderate Tuesday Group caucus, tells me. “There’s a certain urgency from my perspective.”

At a breakfast interview at National Review’s Washington, D.C., office Monday, Americans for Tax Reform president Grover Norquist offers a colorful dramatization of the “wait it out” approach.

Frequently putting his hands around his neck in a choking motion to signify the impact of the sequester on Democrats, Norquist said Republicans can afford to sit back and let Democrats come to them with offers on how to replace the sequester with entitlement reforms.

A few months after the BCA was enacted, as the so-called “super committee” was deadlocked over how to replace the $$1.2 trillion in sequester cuts, Norquist says then–senator John Kerry approached him in a Senate hallway.

“He leans real close and says, ‘Grover, we need your help,’” pitching a deal for $$1.4 trillion in tax increases to not only replace the sequester cuts but help pay for new stimulus spending. “Delusional!” Norquist says.

To help enact the BCA, Speaker John Boehner and other top Republicans vowed to members of the House Armed Services Committee that the sequester would never go into effect. When the cuts first did go into effect, the House GOP engaged in an extensive public campaign to show how the idea was originally proposed by President Obama, including the Twitter hashtag “#Obamaquester.”

Nowadays, Republicans talk about the sequester as a prized possession, their only real victory in the three years they’ve controlled the House in the Obama era.

“Sequester, fine. No tax increases, fine,” Norquist explains. “We’ll just live with where we are. We’re happy, which is why when some of the puppies jump up and say, ‘No! We have to have—,’ we say, ‘Shut up, we don’t have to have anything.’ If they are two evenly matched guys and they both veto the deal, the guy that asked for something just lost the discussion. ‘Oh you want something? Well, it’ll cost you.’”

The puppies are starting to jump up.

“I am really concerned that there’s a whole host of folks within our conference that are willing to trade that away for nothing,” says Representative Matt Salmon of Arizona, explaining that defense hawks and appropriators offered fierce pushback to McConnell in the closed-door meeting.

The question, going forward, is whether the GOP can mask the pain it’s feeling from the sequester in the hope that Democrats will cry uncle first, offering pined-after entitlement reforms.

“I don’t disagree with what they’re saying. I think sequestration is not the best policy. But it’s the only leverage we’ve got right now to try to get these other guys to the table. If we give up sequestration we’ve got no leverage. We found that [in the shutdown]. We have zero leverage. We’ve gotta hold on to that,” Salmon says.

— Jonathan Strong is a political reporter for National Review Online.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719292,"The Next Theater in the War on Terror?

By David Pryce-Jones — January 7, 2010

Yemen is fit to become another major theater in the War on Terror. The country is tribal, divided into Sunni and Shia, and hardly centralized or governed at all. Like Afghanistan or Somalia, it is more of an inhabited space than a nation-state. People just do what they like there. Never mind the rule of law, there is not even a proper system of car registration. Once the vehicle I was in was overtaken on the left and the right side simultaneously — the drivers were probably high on qat, which acts like an amphetamine as they chew it. Men carry daggers habitually, and even small arms. In Saada, there is an open market where every sort of weapon is openly for sale, and for cash you can buy a tank. According to hearsay, African slaves are also available.

Once this was Felix Arabia, Fortunate Arabia, the mythical site of the Garden of Eden. The Tihama area on the coast receives plentiful rain, the desert is manageable, with ruins like the Marib Dam, its perfect stonework said to date from the time of the Queen of Sheba but really from the seventh century A.D. In magnificent mountain ranges are fortified medieval towns like Ybb, one of the most picturesque places I have ever seen. The capital, Sana’a, has a unique local architecture. But you are on your own. Once I began walking down a handsome tree-lined street in Sana’a towards a large building when I realized that several soldiers in concealed emplacements were aiming rifles at me, and one of them came out to say they’d shoot me dead if I proceeded. The building ahead was the palace of Ali Abdullah Saleh, the president these 30 years, and a typical Arab one-man ruler.

Ever since the attack on the U.S.S. Cole in 2000, President Saleh has been losing such control as he had. Government habitually consists in buying the loyalty of the tribes, and he’s been running out of money for it. Toughened by centuries of tribal and religious warfare, Yemenis have been volunteering in quite large numbers to fight in Afghanistan and Iraq, and they have formed a high proportion of Guantanamo inmates. Released, they take to the field again. So al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been making the most of the opening to be building up its power. The bin Laden family has origins in the Hadramaut area, and it has always seemed to me likely that Osama is hiding out there among his own tribe.

Saleh came to power in the wake of the damaging civil war in the 1960s that threw out the Imam, Yemen’s traditional ruler. The Houthi, a Shia tribe about 5,000 strong, are starting another civil war that may well be more damaging. Iran is promoting it, arming and subsidizing the Houthis in the expectation of extending the Shia reach. It’s a move in the Cold War Iran is waging with Saudi Arabia. On behalf of the Sunnis, Saudi Arabia is bombing and shelling the Houthis. The terrain facilitates defence rather than attack; fighting is not between professional or well-trained soldiers, so casualties remain low for the time being, but about 150,000 people have already become refugees.

Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, as this franchise calls itself, is a Saudi off-shoot, and its links to the Saudi royal regime are invisible. It may be that the Saudis want AQAP to do their dirty work in the confrontation with Iran. Those engaged in this three-way contest between Iran, Saudi Arabia, and AQAP can’t be left alone to come up with whatever bloody or bribed outcomes they can. With or without Saudi backing, a rooted AQAP presence in Yemen is a serious new danger, to be met with skilled intelligence work, Predator strikes, and special services capable of operating in this wild and closed country. It’s a tall order.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
901078,"Periodically, FBI agents have to re-qualify to carry their service pistols. When I was a teenager, a family friend in the FBI (a tremendous mensch, Special Agent Ron Barndollar)​ used to take me and my brother along to his qualification tests.

For me and my brother, this was always a big deal. We’d show up amidst a crowd of FBI agents carrying an assortment of exciting guns that they were only too happy to show off for us. A few agents would always come over to say they remembered us from our last trip, or just to introduce themselves — FBI agents tend to be very friendly. We’d sit in on a briefing by some FBI firearms instructors, who would bring everyone up to speed on FBI firearms policy. One year, an instructor announced that the FBI had decided that agents couldn’t choose their own gun lights or shotgun shells anymore. He joked that the FBI didn’t want them to have any advantage over the bad guys. He added, “Next year, they’re taking out the air conditioning.” It was a sweltering summer day, and he got a good laugh.

Afterward, everyone would head out to the range and watch the shooting.

I don’t remember exactly what the test was, but it was something like: 50 shots, split up between 25 yards, 15 yards, 5 yards, and 7 feet, with a minimum score of 80 percent. Agents waiting their turns would regale my brother and me with war stories. Then, when all the agents were done testing, my brother and I would get a chance to run through the course ourselves — and if there was time afterward, to try out some shotguns and “assault rifles.”

This story has a point besides reminiscing about my idyllic childhood. During one trip, after all the shooting was done, we were invited to try out the FBI’s FATS machine — the Firearm Training System, a virtual-reality arrest simulator.

RELATED: The Police Shooting Debate: Misleading Arguments Obscure Sobering Truths

It works like this: A trainee stands in front of a movie screen, onto which are projected pre-filmed interactions with potentially dangerous suspects (played by actors). The scenes play out differently depending on the choices the trainee makes (different middles and ends are selected by an instructor). The choices the trainee has to make tend to boil down to shooting or not shooting. He has in his hand a gun that shoots light beams. He shoots at the screen, and the FATS machine records where the virtual bullets go.

When I was the trainee, I got killed over and over again.

When I was the trainee, I got killed over and over again. Everything happens very fast: A suspect shoves your partner, and a split second later your partner’s gun is in the suspect’s hand, and you’re dead. A suspect’s hand drifts out of sight behind a kitchen island — even though your partner is shouting at him to keep his hands up — and suddenly he’s holding a gun, and you’re both dead. A suspect charges you, suddenly, and you don’t shoot because you can’t see a gun. He has a knife in his waistband, but before you realize it, you’re dead.

RELATED: How to Address the Problem of Police Shootings

Conversely, a lot of scenarios can be resolved peacefully. People shout and scream, but they keep their hands up, and everyone lives — assuming you don’t get carried away and shoot them. The point of the FATS machine is to prepare agents for the split-second life-or-death decisions that all law-enforcement officers are inevitably required to make. It teaches something that the FBI has learned over decades of dealing with bad guys: that if someone you’re trying to arrest does something with his hands other than keep them in plain sight, there’s a good chance that he’s planning to shoot you. That’s why policemen shout the keep-your-hands-where-I-can-see-them thing so emphatically. They want to be sure that if you do something else with your hands, it isn’t accidental.

It also teaches agents to treat unarmed suspects like armed suspects until they know better. Particularly the ones who charge or attack. The fact is, there’s no way of knowing whether someone is unarmed or just pretending to be unarmed, until he’s been searched.

Last year, a self-described “radical political activist” and Black Lives Matter protester named Jarrett Maupin agreed to go through a FATS-style police exercise — not using a FATS machine, but using paintball guns in a parking lot. Maupin was told to question a man behaving suspiciously. The man’s hands disappeared momentarily behind a car, reappeared holding a gun, and Maupin was “killed.” In the next exercise, two unarmed men were having a loud argument. Maupin approached them, one of the men starting walking aggressively toward Maupin — and Maupin shot him dead.

A local Fox affiliate in Phoenix filmed Maupin’s experience (you can watch it on YouTube). Afterward, one of the local reporters tried the same exercise, and got exactly the same results. The reporter asked Maupin what conclusions he’d drawn from the experience. “I didn’t understand how important compliance was,” said Maupin. “But after going through this, yeah, my attitude has changed. This is all unfolding in 10 to 15 seconds. People need to comply with the orders of law enforcement officers — for their own sake.”

Maybe the answer to racial tensions and anti-police protests is for police to offer every member of Black Lives Matter a chance to take the test that Maupin took. Or maybe the police should start doing FATS-machine demos in high-crime neighborhoods, to help people understand the decisions cops are faced with. Maybe they should open FATS arcades. I bet they’d be popular.

In the meantime, though, it’s worth remembering: Policemen, FBI agents, DEA agents, et al., have a very tough job.

— Josh Gelernter writes weekly for NRO and is a regular contributor to The Weekly Standard. He is a founder of the tech startup Dittach.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720190,"Obituary for the Age

By David Pryce-Jones — January 10, 2008

Andrew Glyn is not a household name, and until I read his obituary yesterday in The Times of London I had never heard of him. But what an illuminating document that obituary proves to be, a perfect little insight into the age.

The opening sentence informs that Glyn “was one of Britain’s most prominent Marxist economists who produced searching critiques of capitalism,” going on to salute him as “one of the finest of Oxford dons.” He was apparently “more likely to be seen on a picket line at an Oxford factory than at the succession of black-tie events that are the circulation of Oxford life.” Even for a sympathetic fellow-traveller — as the writer of this obituary evidently is — that’s a pretty one-dimensional way of describing what goes on in one of England’s leading universities, but let it pass. No doubt this fellow Glyn was a proletarian stalwart in dungarees, always loyal to his class as he left his college to support whoever might be striking.

Oh dear, no, not at all. Glyn was an aristocrat, with the courtesy title of Honourable, as his father was the sixth Lord Wolverton. He was a descendant of the founders of a bank bearing his name, and as the obituary coyly puts it, “born into considerable banking wealth.” Educated at Eton, the famously elite school, [full disclosure: I was there too, but before Glyn] he was such a schoolboy success that his master judged “they don’t come better than this.”

What made him a Marxist? Some streak of rebellion, perhaps, if we are to be charitable about him. More likely, he imagined that Marxism would allow him to go on ordering other people about. Most likely of all motivations, he felt guilt about being so well-connected and rich, and wanted to build a fictional persona to avoid reality.

Think of the abuse of privilege. Think of the false pretences. Think of the damage he did spouting rubbish year after year to students who would be expected to parrot it back to him. To one student, he is supposed to have said, “the three greatest men who ever lived were Lenin, Trotsky and Charlie Parker,” – a sentence that the obituary writer hilariously links to “his depth of knowledge.” Some of the unfortunate students will have recovered freedom to think for themselves, but some will be permanently damaged. The obituary writer does in the end concede that Glyn “will to some extent be deemed to have backed the wrong ideological horse” — that “to some extent” is a qualification that goes so far beyond hilarious that it is almost majestic.

First, people bamboozle themselves, and then they bamboozle others, and who knows where that finishes ultimately. Glyn may not have been personally responsible for murder like his heroes Lenin and Trotsky, but he did his bit to create a climate of opinion favourable to it. His obituary, and in The Times that vaunts itself as the paper of record, shows how manipulation of this sort continues to misinform and deceive.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
685313,"I’m trying to hold back on “what does it all mean” thinking until the swelling goes down, but here’s me subbing for Jim with Greg Corombos, on what I think we can safely take away from the election.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
401797,"The Edinburgh Dead

By John J. Miller — October 31, 2011

Because it’s Halloween, we have a special edition of Between the Covers: a podcast with Brian Ruckley, author of The Edinburgh Dead. We discuss why The Edinburgh Dead is an appropriate novel for Halloween, the legacy of the Burke and Hare murders, and why 19th-century Edinburgh is a great setting for a tale that mixes science and the supernatural.

Last year’s Halloween podcast was with Mary Downing Hahn, who writes ghost stories for kids. Before that, it was Otto Penzler on vampires and Joseph Pearce on Frankenstein.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
323386,"It was, I feel certain, the first time that an article in the Lancashire Evening Telegraph ever triggered a national debate. In the article, written in October, its author, Jack Straw, the leader of the House of Commons and a former foreign secretary, disclosed that he asked any visitor who came to his office wearing a full Muslim veil to uncover her face when she spoke to him. Naturally, he only made this request if a female member of his staff was present. He’s a gentleman, you know.

Left with Uneasiness

As national debates go, it was, at least on one side, very British, a spectacle of restraint, half-truths, politeness, and denial. Many participants couldn’t bring themselves to say what they meant. Many others couldn’t possibly have meant what they said. Given that the whole controversy (nominally at least) began over the Islamic veil, this was, in a way, appropriate. Designed to cover up, to conceal, and to hide, the veil can, in reality, be profoundly, and disturbingly, revealing, not only of the nature of the women who wear it, but of the society in which they live.

If this wretched garment, in at least its more stringent forms, has more to do with misogyny than piety, so the hostility it provokes owes less to outraged feminism than to the mounting unease felt by many Europeans at the presence of the increasingly assertive and increasingly extremist Islam rising within their midst. It doesn’t hurt, of course, that there is something about the very appearance of the veil (and I am here referring to the burka and the only marginally less appalling nikab, a get-up that generously allows a clear view of the wearer’s eyes) that is alien, dehumanizing, and, in the context of Europe’s current troubles, thoroughly ominous. Little more than walking shrouds, these women seem like the harbingers both of future theocracy and the slaughter that comes in its wake.

And there’s something else that has made the veil the perfect proxy for a debate that has been avoided for far too long: It can easily be attacked in terms that are, on one interpretation, cuddly, progressive, and altogether P.C. That’s why the explanation Straw gave for doing what he did was so teeth-grindingly caring and so touchingly inclusive. The full veil was “a visible statement of separation and difference.” Wearing it “was bound to make better, positive relations between the two communities more difficult.” After his customary which-way-will-the-wind-blow, a similar argument was adopted by Tony Blair a few days later when he supported the suspension of one Aishah Azmi, a teacher’s assistant who refused to remove her full-face veil in the classroom. Rather than make the obvious, but dangerously commonsense, point, that it was absurd to try to teach children from behind a mask (a number of pupils had in fact complained that they couldn’t follow what Azmi was saying), the prime minister preferred to stress how the veil was a “mark of separation.”

But the problem with using the Newspeak of multiculturalism is that those who rallied to support the U.K.’s veiled and aggrieved spoke it more fluently. Straw quickly came under fire from the usual coterie of self-selected “community” spokesmen, idiot parsons, and fellow-travelers in the media. Worse, by focusing on the veil, he made it possible for those polite, hesitant requests of his to be caricatured, however unfairly, as a first stage in the eventual banning of burka and nikab.

Blair’s Unveiling?

Until last week it seemed that the story would rest there, but on Friday Tony Blair made a speech that, for the first time, indicated that his government might be prepared to take more than baby steps away from its earlier multiculturalist orthodoxy. As so often with Blair, the words read well (“Our tolerance is part of what makes Britain, Britain. Conform to it; or don’t come here. We don’t want the hate-mongers, whatever their race, religion or creed”), and he was even able finally to admit in public that teaching from behind a mask made no sense.

More unusually, it seems that action might actually follow the prime minister’s fine words (we’ll see). “Faith schools” are to be encouraged to teach tolerance of other religions, and, while Blair was on that topic, he took time to note that “there can be no excuse for madrassahs not meeting their legal requirements and they will be enforced vigorously.” Sensibly, and belatedly, English is to be a pre-condition of the grant of British citizenship or permanent residency in the U.K. “Preachers” recruited from abroad (who are, Blair stressed, subject to other pre-entry qualifications) will also have to demonstrate that they can speak English.

Significantly, Blair also signaled that he was going to take a look at the “community” organizations his government had hitherto funded:

we need to use the grants we give to community racial and religious groups to promote integration as well as help distinctive cultural identity. In a sense, very good intentions got the better of us. We wanted to be hospitable to new groups. We wanted, rightly, to extend a welcome and did so by offering public money to entrench their cultural presence. Money was too often freely awarded to groups that were tightly bonded around religious, racial or ethnic identities. In the future, we will assess bids from groups of any ethnicity or any religious denomination, also against a test, where appropriate, of promoting community cohesion and integration.

Well, it’s a start.

To be sure, Blair did defend multiculturalism, but this passage in his speech is well worth noting: “The failure of one part of one community to do so, is not a function of a flawed theory of a multicultural society. It is a function of a particular ideology that arises within one religion at this one time.” While Blair was careful to say that “extremists that threaten violence are not true Muslims in the sense of being true to the proper teaching of Islam,” he added that it would be “daft to deny the fact that they justify their extremism by reference to religious belief.” Indeed it would, but for the most part his government has hitherto been depressingly reluctant to confront the reality of militant Islam. That’s a product of its habitual political correctness and its habitual political opportunism (all those Muslim voters), but something else is also blame: As a result of living in one of Europe’s most secular countries, Britain’s establishment no longer understands quite what religious fundamentalism is, or how dangerous it can be.

To these supposedly worldly folk, religion is quaint, largely benign, and as much a part of the English landscape as a vandalized Victorian church. To be enthusiastic about it is either odd, foreign, or, somewhere between the two, Northern Irish. As Tony Blair may now be conceding, both that view, and the policies it implies, have to change, and so does the idea that all religious traditions are broadly similar. They are not. What the religious believe differs from person to person, and, so, just as importantly, does how they believe.

THIS IS WAR

Militant Islam is a very specific menace. The U.K. needs to deal with it, subtly where possible, and head-on where necessary. And to do this, it will be essential to start taking Muslim fundamentalism, its beliefs, and its very real appeal, seriously. The explanation that the problem is primarily one of poverty will not do either as explanation or excuse, something that Blair now appears to accept. The corollary of this is that relying alone on the remedies of the welfare state will not be enough. Obvious, you might think, but Tony Blair heads the government behind such absurdities as the claim that its “Sure Start” nursery-school program is, as a means of promoting “cohesion within communities,” a useful weapon in the war against Islamic terror.

Even the understanding that the extremists benefit from the widespread feeling of alienation amongst Muslims seen as “immigrants,” one, two, or even three generations after their forbears arrived in Britain is only of limited use in confronting the central issue, the role of Islam in a broadly secular democracy. For all the New Testament’s talk of God and Caesar, putting Christianity in its proper place took long enough. To do the same for Islam in very short order is no small task, and it will take more than the language of psychiatric counseling to do it.

A starting point would be to remove Islam from the protected, sacred space it now occupies within British political discourse. Yes, mankind may be hardwired for religious belief, and, yes, religious identity is often at the core of an individual’s sense of self, but that’s no reason to fence it off from debate. In fact, if anything, that’s the very reason it must be subjected to debate, scrutiny, and criticism. The insanity of hermits aside, no faith operates in a solely spiritual manner. Allegiance to a religion will inevitably bring with it, one way or another, support for a social and political program. This holds good for any creed, but, nowadays at least, for Islam more than most, most strikingly so in societies where (in any meaningful sense) it is a new presence and thus, by definition, a force for change.

In theory, there’s nothing too objectionable about that. Britain’s Muslim voters should, like all other British subjects, be free to pursue their agenda, even if it happens to be a religious agenda, at the ballot box. The essence of democracy, however, is debate. If some citizens want to see all or part of their ideology made law, be it conservatism, socialism, Islam, Christianity, or whatever, they are perfectly entitled to do so, but just because a number of those same voters happen to believe that their particular ideology is the word of God does not mean that they have the right to stop everyone else from commenting upon it, and “comment” in a democracy can be a very rough thing. Some of it may be gentle and dispassionate analysis but be ready too for ridicule, insult, and intellectual assaults that, fairly or unfairly, set out to demonstrate that a set of beliefs is rooted in myth, malevolence, or ignorance. My best guess is that the illogic, cruelty, uselessness, and superstition of Islamic extremism will not fare so well in such open debate, but merely demonstrating that it can be the subject of free and open discussion ought in itself to be a useful educational exercise.

This will be no magic bullet. The debate can, and will, be nasty, divisive, and inflammatory. It may make things worse before it makes them better, but in the end it’s a lot healthier than a mute, castrated democracy of silenced speech, sullen apathy, and ever-increasing resentment. Up until now the Blair government has, by looking to subdue criticism of Islam, appeared intent on offering Britons just that. Its notorious Racial and Religious Hatred Bill included provisions criminalizing “abusive and insulting” language or behavior intended or likely to stir up “religious hatred.” Mercifully, this dangerously subjective wording was watered down as the result of a parliamentary revolt, with the result that the words or behavior in question are now required to be “threatening” and deliberately designed to stir up religious hatred. That was an improvement, but, given that threatening behavior is (quite rightly) already illegal in England, it’s impossible to avoid the conclusion that government was sending out a signal that, when it comes to debating religion, special rules apply.

Needless to say, even this has not been enough to satisfy Labour’s perennially authoritarian leadership. Last month two leaders of the unlovely British National party prosecuted under racial hatred laws for some highly unpleasant remarks (caught by a hidden BBC camera) that they had made about Islam were acquitted. The first response of Gordon Brown, the chancellor of the exchequer and the man most likely to move into 10 Downing Street next year, was to make clear that it was time to take yet another look at the law. Despite Friday’s speech, I still suspect that Tony Blair might well agree.

That’s madness. That’s cowardice. That’s appeasement. And it’s the kind of thinking that, one day, may lead to disaster.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716975,"What a great week for Ben! He’s ahead in one national poll, and that, more than anything Jeb has said or done, got Trump to lose his cool. Not only that, the respected commentator Henry Olsen, no Carson supporter, finally pronounced that, as a campaigner, Carson knows what he’s doing and has a shot at the nomination.

This might even be the month or even the season of Ben. It’s very hard to know, although we can’t forget that his campaign is exceedingly vulnerable and that he, objectively, has no business being president or the nominee.

Still, Carson is providing quite the teachable moment for those Republicans aching for victory in November who are willing to learn. I’m trying to get that lesson straight on another channel.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
557265,"Muslims who for one reason or another fall foul of the law in a Western society almost invariably claim to have been tortured. It’s standard procedure. I first came across it in Israeli military courts, where healthy PLO prisoners with broad smiles tried to explain why there wasn’t a mark on them when they’d just been hung by the wrists for twenty-four hours, or something equally physical.

The British government has fallen for it. It is paying out a million or more pounds to each of a dozen Islamists who say they were tortured in Guantanamo. As far as can be seen, there is no corroboration and not even checking of their stories. We, the public, are supposed to take it on trust. None of these men are in any real sense British, with among them an Iraqi, a Libyan, a Jordanian, and a Moroccan. Several were in the country illegally. On the face of it, all were Islamist terrorists, usually with direct connection to al-Qaeda.

No British person could expect to receive a tax-free cheque for a million pounds for honest work. A soldier who has lost a limb in Afghanistan will receive annual compensation of £8,780, not enough to live off. Insane pursuit of human rights has thus reversed the roles of the criminal and the victim. Nobody in public life seems prepared to address this monstrosity, and so the resentment it arouses is suppressed. One commentator, the spirited Douglas Murray, inescapably draws the conclusion that a society that behaves like this does not want to survive.

At the same time, the thirteen-year-old Darius Gill wrote on Facebook a Remembrance Day tribute to fallen British soldiers. He was a pupil in a school in Coventry where two-thirds of students are Muslim. A gang of Muslim boys his own age at once threatened to kill him, promising to “slit your throat so when you scream, only blood comes out.” They celebrate British deaths in Afghanistan. No prizes for guessing the consequences: The Muslim terror-juveniles have been suspended pending inquiries, but Darius has been removed from the school to keep him safe.

Also at the same time, the BBC announces that it no longer intends to show a three-part series, Murder in Beirut , about the death of the Lebanese prime minister Rafiq Hariri when a bomb blew up the car he was traveling in. Either Syria or the Iranian proxy Hizbollah was responsible. A United Nations tribunal is about to report its findings, and Hizbollah is making it plain that it will go to any lengths to reject blame, if necessary overthrowing the Lebanese government of Saad Hariri, unhappily standing in for his father Rafiq. When a Hizbollah newspaper took the obvious propaganda step of attacking the BBC series before it was shown, the BBC instantly collapsed. So we have reached a stage when Islamist terrorists control what we may and may not see, in effect exercising the kind of lock on public opinion that they enjoy in their own Muslim society and which perpetuates violence.

Douglas Murray’s pessimistic conclusion can be taken further. The growing body of evidence shows that Britain won’t survive in the long run because it doesn’t deserve to.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
719895,"The French Sour on Hollande

By David Pryce-Jones — May 6, 2013

It’s like old times to come back to France and find how discontented the French are. There hasn’t been a Socialist president since the late François Mitterand, and so the voters decided to give another socialist a go. A mistake, much to be regretted. In the space of a year, François Hollande has become the most unpopular president ever recorded; three quarters of those polled want him out. Recession has led to 3.2 million unemployed, another record number. Taxes have also never been higher; the better-off have fled abroad, and with them 150,000 young people. The French lady I sat next to yesterday in the south of France told me that her two children in their thirties have been laid off and have no chance of finding jobs now.

It’s as though the voters have forgotten that socialism is the tried and tested instrument to impoverish any country unwise enough to adopt it. The Left in France clings to a decayed Marxism, so one alternative to Hollande is the rabid Jean-Luc Mélenchon, who sees himself as Che Guevara. He and his followers are out in the street, and yesterday assembled for theatrics in the Place de la Bastille. Bigger demonstrations are mounted in Paris and other cities against the law to allow gay marriage, which has passed in the Assembly but still has to be ratified. “Manif pour tous,” is currently the national cry, or “A demo for everyone.”

Listen to the screams of Figaro, a choice example of mainstream media. Yesterday’s issue chronicles Hollande’s failure to implement any of the promises he made while campaigning for office. No less than four other articles pitch into Hollande, one of them by François Fillon, a former prime minister. The title of his contribution says it all: “Hollande is leading the country to catastrophe” — the last word in immense type.

Most dramatic of all, Hollande is blaming Germany for forcing austerity down the throats of the EU members, on the grounds that this is the way to prolong and deepen an already severe recession. Pierre Moscovici, the finance minister, collaborates with other socialists to accuse German chancellor Angela Merkel of “selfish intransigence.” All she really wants, a memo of theirs says, is reelection in the fall. They are calling for confrontation.

France’s abject surrender to Germany ever since 1940 has left Europe on its knees. This break between the two countries may be a foretaste of the larger break-up of the Europe Union. If Hollande engineers that, even unconsciously, he will have redeemed socialism.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
907608,"This is why people hate the UN, its bureaucratic functionaries, and the swarms of NGO camp followers that attend international ""problem solving"" conferences: In a follow up to the Copenhagen debacle, GWHs may have flown from all over the world to Cancun, Mexico, to fight AGW--spewing carbon all the way. But the prospective death of the planet doesn't mean they couldn't partay!I remember a story years ago about a UN conference in South Africa about fighting hunger--which started with a sumptuous feast of lobster, steak, and every other conceivable food delicacy--only a few miles from impoverished shanty towns where people really did go to bed hungry. I just wish SHS had been up and running at the time.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
695892,"After eviscerating two new books that attempt to show that Darwinism is compatible with religion, Jerry Coyne, professor of ecology and evolution at the University of Chicago, admits that they are not, and that declarations to the contrary have been “a dirty little secret in scientific circles. It is in our personal and professional interest to proclaim that science and religion are perfectly harmonious.” The reason for this unedifying dissembling:

After all, we want our grants funded by the government, and our schoolchildren exposed to real science instead of creationism. Liberal religious people have been important allies in our struggle against creationism, and it is not pleasant to alienate them by declaring how we feel. This is why, as a tactical matter, groups such as the National Academy of Sciences claim that religion and science do not conflict. But their main evidence — the existence of religious scientists — is wearing thin as scientists grow ever more vociferous about their lack of faith.

Now Darwin Year is upon us, and we can expect more books like those by Kenneth Miller and Karl Giberson. Attempts to reconcile God and evolution keep rolling off the intellectual assembly line. It never stops, because the reconciliation never works.

Once again, William Jennings Bryan has been proven right. Coyne continues:Remember this when you see a version of Inherit the Wind , with its fradulent implication that the Bible and Darwin are perfectly compatible, and its closing scene with the Clarence Darrow character exiting happily with both in his briefcase. Generations of schoolchildren have been misled by this lie. Now at last we have the truth and can begin again to build on that.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
656260,"The Paradox of Ted Cruz

From the August 24, 2015, Issue of NR

By Eliana Johnson — August 27, 2015

When Donald Trump’s presidential bid started attracting serious attention, it was perhaps unsurprising that Ted Cruz was the only other Republican candidate to offer kind words about his new rival. After all, the two tend to draw support from the same kind of primary voter. Odder, though, was Cruz’s explanation for his praise of Trump. “I get that it seems the favorite sport of the Washington media is to encourage some Republicans to attack other Republicans,” the Texas Republican told NBC’s Chuck Todd. “I ain’t gonna do it. I’m not interested in Republican-on-Republican violence.”

This from a man who has garnered national attention mostly for attacking members of his own party’s leadership. Indeed, just days after he evoked the sentiment of Reagan’s “Eleventh Commandment” — “Thou shalt not speak ill of any fellow Republican” — Cruz took to the Senate floor to accuse Republican majority leader Mitch McConnell of telling a “flat-out lie.” According to Cruz, McConnell had assured him that a vote on the controversial Export-Import Bank would not be attached to a must-pass highway bill, when in fact it was. What had become of Cruz’s opposition to Republican-on-Republican violence?

Such is the paradox of the Cruz campaign: The man who boasts of his ideological purity is perhaps the most obviously tactical candidate. Whether praising Trump, changing his position on trade-promotion authority at the last moment, or getting as close as possible to Rand Paul on national security when the Paulite tendency was at its strongest, Cruz is always maneuvering to stay at the front of the parade.

His sympathizers see nothing more than the inevitable fancy footwork of any politician operating in the real world. “Tactics and goals necessarily go hand in hand,” says Michael Needham, CEO of Heritage Action, the advocacy wing of the Heritage Foundation. Cruz’s critics, on the other hand, see naked self-interest. These conflicting interpretations are part of why Cruz generates such passion, pro and con.

RELATED: How Ted Cruz Has Wooed Some of the GOP’s Top Donors

At times, he shows he’s unafraid to take unwaveringly principled stances regardless of whether they’re well received. At an agriculture summit in March, for example, he was the lone candidate in the Republican field to tell Iowa voters that he opposes the Renewable Fuel Standard. The RFS has enriched Iowa’s corn farmers, and the ethanol industry, by essentially mandating that gasoline contain a minimum percentage of renewable fuels. Iowa governor Terry Branstad opened the event by telling the assembled presidential candidates not to “mess with” the mandate; Cruz dismissed it as corporate welfare, said that Washington shouldn’t be picking winners and losers, and painted his fellow candidates as a bunch of panderers.

But at other times, it’s Cruz who seems to be pandering. In April, he co-authored a Wall Street Journal op-ed with House Ways and Means Committee chairman Paul Ryan in which the two announced their support for legislation giving the administration trade-promotion authority (TPA), which would empower the executive branch, for the next five years, to negotiate trade agreements that Congress cannot amend or filibuster. All trade agreements since 1974 have been passed under such authority, and Cruz said in his op-ed that enacting TPA was crucial to making headway in current deals being negotiated, deals that “would mean greater access to a billion customers for American manufacturers, farmers, and ranchers.”

But between April and June, when the issue began to attract more attention, the conspiracy-minded elements of the Right turned against TPA, branding it “Obamatrade” and claiming that it granted the president too much power by allowing the administration to negotiate trade deals behind closed doors. The website Breitbart led an all-out offensive against it, and Trump, who has often been skeptical of free trade, announced on Twitter, “The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!”

RELATED: Ted Cruz, Offering Up Red Meat for Americans for Prosperity

By the time the bill hit the Senate floor, Cruz was arguing that Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House speaker John Boehner, and Senate Democrats had conspired to allow a vote to keep the Export-Import Bank alive in exchange for a vote on TPA. This claim became the basis of Cruz’s later contention that McConnell had lied to him.

Cruz supporters say that after all the deals had been cut, TPA was simply a different bill. “One plus two plus three plus four means I’m going to vote differently this time than the next,” Needham says. “That’s not flip-flopping, that’s just taking new information into account.” They also argue that on matters such as this one, Cruz has exposed Congress’s dark underbelly. If it angers insiders, so much the worse for them.

The premier political outsider at the moment is of course Donald Trump. Trump’s precipitate rise may hurt Cruz more directly than it hurts any other contender, since Trump is co-opting, for now, the kind of anti-establishment, populist voters who are contemptuous of the GOP’s leadership and sick of government as usual. Though the Donald is an unapologetic crony capitalist to the manor born, his supporters are natural Cruzites, and the senator can’t afford to alienate them.

“Cruz knows full well that Trump is a buffoon and is bad for conservatism,” says a top Republican strategist familiar with the senator’s thinking. “But he applauds him because it theoretically is good for Ted.”

Before Trump became the flavor of the week, the libertarian Kentucky senator Rand Paul was the media darling who threatened to poach potential Cruz voters. Time magazine dubbed him “the most interesting man in politics” in October 2014, and beginning with his filibuster over the administration’s drone policy, Paul grabbed the attention of Republicans looking to buck the establishment.

Get Free Exclusive NR Content

When Paul was at his zenith, Cruz proved himself to be a deliberately slippery ally, making Paulite sounds but never fully embracing Paul’s libertarianism on national security. Cruz stood by Paul’s side during that 13-hour filibuster. But when Paul filed a class-action lawsuit against the National Security Agency, Cruz was more circumspect: He told the Washington Examiner that the administration’s argument for the lawsuit’s dismissal was “highly dubious” but did not endorse the lawsuit itself.

What of Cruz’s own foreign-policy views? In public statements, he has kept them conveniently ill defined. Cruz has placed himself “somewhere in the middle” between Rand Paul and John McCain — in other words, somewhere between the two poles of Republican foreign-policy thinking. This has allowed ample room for maneuver. When the mood of the party was still dovish, Cruz railed against President Obama’s proposal to bomb Syria in response to Bashar Assad’s use of chemical weapons; when it grew more hawkish, Cruz began to speak of destroying ISIS at all costs. These positions are not necessarily contradictory, but they did keep Cruz in line with grassroots sentiment.

RELATED: Setting His Script Aside, Cruz Focuses on the Fight for Religious Liberty

Cruz’s path to the nomination clearly depends on uniting the right of the party, a rather Herculean task in such a crowded field. This is why, for all his stalwart rhetoric and talk of principle, Cruz sometimes seems unwilling to make a move that would alienate the populist Right. He has mostly been successful on his own terms. Although his share of support in national polls remains slim, he has raised more hard dollars than any other candidate, and his fervent supporters, financial and otherwise, could easily help him break out in the right circumstances.

Still, shrewdness has its limits. Past standard-bearers of the conservative movement not only made enemies on the left but were also willing to tamp down right-wing populist enthusiasms when necessary. Barry Goldwater may have thought extremism in defense of liberty was no vice, but he joined the anti-Bircher campaign and moved against Richard Nixon during Watergate, neither of which was politically painless for him. Earlier this year, Cruz was unwilling to say a discouraging word about the conspiratorial frenzy over Operation Jade Helm 15 in Texas, a regular training exercise involving Special Operations forces. Instead, he said he understood the concern that, among other things, U.S. troops might be training to impose martial law on red states.

On the campaign trail, Cruz casts himself as the only pure man seeking the Republican nomination. “In a Republican primary, every candidate’s going to come in front of you and say, ‘I’m the most conservative guy that ever lived,’” Cruz told a crowd in Des Moines in January. But, he said, crisscrossing the stage, “talk is cheap. The Word tells us you will know them by their fruit.”

It seems fair to say that Cruz’s fruits so far have been mixed.

— Eliana Johnson is Washington editor of National Review.

* National Review magazine content is typically available only to paid subscribers. Due to the immediacy of this article, it has been made available to you for free. To enjoy the full complement of exceptional National Review magazine content, sign up for a subscription today. A special discounted rate is available for you here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
322492,"Jane Shaw has kindly invited comments on yesterday’s decision by the Fifth Circuit panel in the Fisher v. University of Texas remand, so here are a few.

First, the majority opinion apparently believes that it is all right to engage in racial discrimination in order to achieve the educational benefits that accrue from having a critical mass of this or that racial group. Yet the precise nature of the “educational benefits” at the University of Texas are never defined, nor is the term “critical mass.” And how, in particular, can a court ensure that there is the “narrow tailoring” that Justice Kennedy demanded in this case – that, specifically, there are no race-neutral ways of achieving the relevant educational benefits – when these terms are undefined? As a practical matter, it seems that the framework erected by the Supreme Court in Grutter v. Bollinger is not working very well.

Second, the reason that racial preferences are being used in addition to the Top Ten Percent Plan is that the TTPP admits the “wrong kind” of blacks/Latinos – that is, they are lower class instead of upper class. But surely some blacks/Latinos of the “right kind” are admitted under the TTPP, and surely some of the blacks/Latinos admitted under holistic review are of the “wrong kind.” Yet the University seems confident that it can predict that the random interracial conversations occurring on campus will be improved by drawing more from this pool of blacks/Latinos versus that pool of blacks/Latinos – so confident, in fact, that it is willing to overlay racial preferences on top of the TTPP.

And this takes us back to my first point: Precisely what “educational benefits” from these conversations are heightened not only by having different amounts of melanin, but different incomes within a melanin group?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
445460,"Plus one article on Google Plus

M.A.C.

East Lansing, Michigan

On either side, the highway’s barren stretch

Is dwarfed by the wide wastes of prairie grass,

Its pale dry leaves weaved with dark heads of vetch

And clumps of sumac shimmering like glass.

To look on this, you’d think man had just come,

Bloomed with the Queen Anne’s lace, and will not last;

What little he set down as soon succumb

To stands of pine and maple or wind’s blast.

But, if you see the little streets built up

On ancient marsh, the pool hall and brick church,

Where we boys grew both conscious and corrupt

Dispelling boredom, entering on the search

For just what sort of men we should become,

You’ll see the place is thick with ghosts, is haunted

By faces kissed, pain felt, and words that drum

Through time, as we sought what it was we wanted.

— James Matthew Wilson

This poem appears in the October 16 print issue of NR.



",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
103816,"Reid Promises Hobby Lobby Legislation: ‘We’re Going to Do Something’ about It

By Andrew Johnson — July 7, 2014

Senate Democrats will introduce legislation after last week’s Supreme Court ruling that protected private business owners’ religious beliefs, according to Harry Reid.

On the Senate floor Monday, Reid was criticizing Republicans for holding up the confirmations of Obama-administration nominations, and listed a number of other pressing priorities he wants the chamber to take up — including addressing the Hobby Lobby ruling.

It’s unclear if Reid was proposing legislation to change the law at the heart of the Hobby Lobby ruling, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which passed the Senate 97–3 in 1993, or whether he will propose other, related legislation.

“We have so much to address in the coming weeks,” said the majority leader. “We’re going to do something about the Hobby Lobby legislation we need to correct.”",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
227333,"For more than a year Congress has been talking about reforming bank and other financial-market regulations. The regulatory system certainly needs reform — it broke down badly over the last decade. But not many of current proposals are useful.

In particular, the financial-regulation bill being sponsored by Sen. Chris Dodd (D., Conn.) will add more to Washington’s power and bureaucracy without fixing core problems.

For starters, the bill doesn’t encourage much-needed loans to small businesses. How many years have to pass before Washington wakes up to this problem?

Bank lending is being constrained by the application of arbitrary valuations to bank assets and regulatory capital, along with the hesitation of regulators to use their authority to assess capital adequacy. The result is that banks are piled with cash while small businesses are cut off — which means small firms end up holding back on inventory and hiring while start-ups never get off the ground.

The Dodd bill also does not address the huge advantage big banks have over the smaller banks that make many of the small-business loans.

It also doesn’t speak to needed adjustments in the recently passed credit-card bill. A supposedly well-meaning provision in this legislation restricted future rate increases on outstanding credit-card balances. But this had a predictable effect: Banks raised rates preemptively, making an important source of funds for small businesses prohibitively expensive. Will the Dodd bill undo this portion of the credit-card law? Don’t hold your breath. When Congress legislates in haste, it often causes more problems than it solves. But Congress rarely reconsiders its mistakes.

The Dodd legislation also does little to resolve the giant mortgage mess still facing Washington and the economy. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which are losing billions of dollars each quarter, are unresolved in the bill. They’re not even counted in the budget deficit or national debt, even though they are clearly borne by taxpayers.

The losses on loans made prior to the financial crisis project to be in the range of $$600 billion or more, and new mortgage renegotiations are adding to that amount every day. These losses dwarf the taxpayer losses from the bank rescues and TARP, yet Congress won’t touch the Fannie/Freddie problem because it exists inside the Beltway. In other words, the Fannie/Freddie money trail points straight back to Congress.

Another pressing problem is the regulation of derivatives. The Dodd bill addresses this, but in a way that may further delay the solution. Existing agencies have the power to regulate these critical markets, but they aren’t doing the job, and the Dodd legislation provides cover for more of the same. Lost in the shuffle is aggressive transparency for counterparty positions, which has been needed for years, along with differential capital requirements that take risk into account but don’t regulate where trading takes place.

This is not to say the Dodd bill is too small. It’s big, but misguided.

The legislation creates a mega-fund in Washington responsible for bailing out not only banks, but insurance companies and other non-bank entities that don’t take deposits. In the guise of fixing the too-big-to-fail problem, this will make matters worse. It will convince markets that Washington has plans to conduct bailouts beyond the banks, and markets will interpret this as a green light to leverage up banks and non-banks as much as possible.

Why not deem the whole economy “too big to fail,” have the government do all the borrowing for everyone, and then divvy everything up? Oops, that’s exactly the direction we’re heading.

The assumption that Washington could and would resolve Lehman Brothers without a bankruptcy, as it had Bear Stearns, was the single biggest mistake in the series of mistakes in 2007 and 2008 that led to the financial panic and the ensuing epidemic of job losses. But new proposals out of Washington only reinforce the old pattern: A scenario is being created in which a major company is able to sell way too much financial product, drawing on underpriced loans in a market lulled into overconfidence by Washington’s protective umbrella.

The Dodd bill does propose a big new government department inside the Fed to protect the consumer from banks and bad financial products. But the Federal Reserve System is already overburdened with regulatory duties, and it’s a mistake for Congress to assign it yet another complicated role.

Rather than creating a new oversight department that expands Washington’s regulatory power, it would be better to use this opportunity — per the Obama administration’s notion of not letting a crisis go to waste — to streamline and concentrate the many existing consumer financial regulators in one place. This would result in a reduction of government jobs, rather than the big increase that is going on now.

Sen. Dodd is also proposing a Treasury-run regulatory oversight committee to assess risks within the global financial system. Fine, but this was the responsibility of existing agencies before the crisis. It’s unlikely that further guidance from Congress will reduce the odds of a new mega-mistake.

One of the biggest gaps in the bill is that it doesn’t address the role that the Fed’s super-low interest rates played in adding to global leverage. The Fed staked its credibility on 1 percent rates and then limited its rate hikes as the economic expansion progressed. This caused savers to subsidize borrowers, which is the reverse of what should have been happening. And now the identical problem is starting again, with the same actors assigned to watch out for damage and distortions.

By focusing on the wrong problems, the Dodd bill would make the economy worse, meaning the private sector will not be able to create the jobs the U.S. economy needs. At the same time, state and local governments won’t collect the level of tax receipts needed to pay pensions and operating expenses.

Economic and job growth require good financial regulation, proposals for which are few and far between in Washington today.

– David Malpass is president of Encima Global.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
721464,"Iraq’s embassy in Washington is a pretty quiet place these days. It has been more than a year since the Iraqi Governing Council appointed human-rights activist Rend Rahim Francke as its representative to the United States. Rahim handled her job well, pleading the Iraqi cause at universities, think tanks, on television, and in Congress and the Oval Office.

But, a year after her appointment, the embassy is quiet. Its skeleton staff seldom answers the phone or returns calls. While Iraqi embassies in Tehran, Damascus, and Paris issue visas, the Iraqi mission in Washington does not. The status of Rend Rahim is uncertain. When she spoke at the American Enterprise Institute on October 14, 2004, she asked to be identified as “former ambassador-designate of Iraq to the United States.” Three weeks earlier, Al Kamen, who writes the “In the Loop” column at the Washington Post, reported that the “word is that the new ambassador to Washington is to be Kanan Makiya…. The feeling is that Makiya will give the Iraqis a more high-profile presence.” But Makiya never got his appointment. Iraqi interim government officials explained that Ayad Allawi simply reneged on his pledge to announce Makiya’s appointment at his press conference with President Bush.

Why does Allawi leave the embassy vacant? His failure to appoint an ambassador is symptomatic of his failings as a leader. While some U.S. National Security Council officials privately describe Allawi as Iraq’s equivalent of Afghan President Hamid Karzai, the reality is far different. In half year since the Coalition Provisional Authority disbanded, Allawi has not only failed to build a constituency, but has squandered what little support he had.

Allawi’s problems have been multifold. Iraqi Shia juxtapose his April 2004 calls for restraint in Fallujah, a predominantly Sunni town, with his enthusiasm to pursue an assault against Muqtada al-Sadr in Najaf, home to Shia Islam’s holiest shrine. Any support Allawi enjoyed among Sunnis evaporated when, last month, he “ordered” American troops into Fallujah. Arab liberals distrust the prime minister both for his Baathist past and for his embrace of their former tormenters. Reconciliation is one thing, but empowerment of monstrous arms of Saddam’s tyranny quite another. In both Sulaymani and Erbil, Kurdish political discussion revolved more about the October 2004’s internal Patriotic Union of Kurdistan putsch which has marginalized its leader, Jalal Talabani. To the Kurds, Allawi’s political survival is irrelevant.

Allawi has also lost the support of Iraq’s secular middle class both because his promise to restore security remains unfulfilled and because of concerns over his business practices. In July 2003, Allawi lost his top five deputies after they accused him of siphoning off party funds. While a member of the Governing Council, Allawi not only appointed his brother-in-law Nouri Badran to be interior minister, but also raised eyebrows with an undignified defense of Badran after the interior-ministry currency-speculation scandal. Accusations about Allawi’s corruption and abuse of power abound. According to a high-level official currently serving in Iraq’s interim government, U.S. Ambassador John Negroponte intervened early in Allawi’s tenure to prevent the prime minister’s takeover of Iraq’s independent media commission. Iraq Special Tribunal Administrator Salem Chalabi leveled similar charges against Allawi with regard to political interference in preparations for Saddam’s trial. That the unified election list endorsed by Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani included not only Shia, but also Sunnis, Kurds, Turkmen, Christians, and Yezidi is a testament to the breadth of Iraqi reaction against their interim leader.

The only constituencies which remain solidly pro-Allawi are the White House, Foggy Bottom, and Langley. Because Allawi’s support lies not in Baghdad but in Washington, some Iraqis suggest that the interim prime minister is hesitant to appoint any intermediary who might dilute his access. Perhaps this is a shrewd political move on Allawi’s part, but it is also a selfish one–it slights the thousands of American soldiers who have sacrificed for Iraq, as well as the American taxpayers who have subsidized Iraq’s liberation. Then again, Allawi’s decision to leave the post vacant does have one advantage: It gives the interim prime minister a retirement option after the January 30 elections.

–Michael Rubin, resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, is editor of Middle East Quarterly. He returned from Iraq last month.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
558879,"Mr. President, Tear Down That Andy Griffith Ad

By Michael F. Cannon — August 26, 2010

The Obama administration spent your tax dollars on a pro-Obamacare ad featuring Andy Griffith that, according to FactCheck.org, uses “weasel words” to “mislead” seniors about how that law would affect them. (As I blogged previously, FactCheck.org understated the case.) Nonetheless, over at Medicare.gov, the administration is still running that dishonest ad.

They should take the ad down.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
556253,"An End to Borders

In which the topic is, not national frontiers, but book and music shops.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
296061,"Months after the inspector general’s report in May that revealed the IRS had specifically targeted tea-party groups applying for tax-exempt status as charitable organizations, the IRS continued to stall pro-life groups’ applications for tax-exempt status, according to the Thomas More Society (TMS). What President Obama condemned as one of various “phony scandals” isn’t nearly over yet.

“Even though the inspector general’s report claimed that the harassment of tea-party groups ended in 2012, the harassment of pro-life groups continues unabated,” says Peter Breen, Thomas More’s vice president and senior counsel.

In a memo released yesterday, TMS, a nonprofit law firm focused on pro-life and religious-liberty causes, detailed the obstacles that three different pro-life groups faced in their attempts to be recognized as charitable institutions. Two of the organizations, Cherish Life Ministries and LIFE Runners, have finally been granted tax-exempt status (although it took until late July for the latter to receive it), while a third, Emerald Coast Coalition for Life, is still waiting.

Both Cherish Life and LIFE endured an unusually lengthy application process: It took them 16 and 14 months respectively to receive 501(c)(3) status (which is for tax-exempt charities). According to TMS, the IRS approves most groups within nine months.

But there are troubling signs that the delays were motivated by disapproval of the groups’ pro-life work. The IRS asked LIFE, “Does your organization provide information regarding other alternatives to ‘pro life’?” To put that question into context, recall that Planned Parenthood has 501(c)(3) status. LIFE co-founder and president Pat Castle says he found the question “shocking.”

The pro-life groups also observed other red flags. Both LIFE and Emerald Coast were deemed to need an “Exempt Organization specialist” to review their application, an extra hurdle in the process that most groups don’t face. The IRS letter to Emerald Coast stating that the organization would need such a specialist was signed by none other than Lois Lerner. The letter, which Emerald Coast received September 7, 2012, informed the group that the IRS would be in touch in approximately 90 days. The IRS didn’t contact Emerald Coast, however, until June 19, 2013 — 285 days later.

Furthermore, both LIFE and Cherish Life initially received letters from the IRS stating that they were not eligible for 501(c)(3) status. If the groups had not persisted and appealed, they would not have received tax-exempt status.

According to LIFE’s Castle, who is also an Air Force commander, the long delay hurt the group financially. LIFE had initially applied for the tax-exempt status in March 2012. Having heard that many groups received such status six to eight months after the IRS received their application, LIFE anticipated winning approval by October 2012, when the group held one of its biggest events. But they had not received any answer from the IRS by then. Nor had the group yet received tax-exempt status when it held other large events in January, March, and April 2013.

“It hurt us,” Castle says bluntly, noting that the October 2012 marathon event (runners across the country participate in Marathons to benefit LIFE Runners) was particularly crucial. “We would have been able to say, ‘Hey, sponsors, contributors, we’re tax-exempt.’ We weren’t able to do that.”

“If the process went as it should have gone, we would have been able to motivate a whole lot more giving,” Castle says. “Of course it affects contributions.”

TMS’s Breen underscores that we should see these pro-life groups as part of a “pattern of harassment from the IRS starting in 2009” and continuing to this day.

“The only conclusion we can draw,” Breen says, “is that it was the Obama administration that changed a policy, whether informally or formally, which resulted in numerous organizations being targeted.”

And it’s giving left-wing organizations an unfair advantage.

“Left-wing groups don’t have to go and get lawyers and make constitutional arguments to justify their existence as public charities,” Breen points out. At least for now, some pro-life groups are still facing partisan hurdles from the IRS when it comes to obtaining tax-exempt status.

— Katrina Trinko is an NRO reporter.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
327136,"A Case of 21,587 Crimes

How trust in our criminal-justice system is undermined

By Kevin D. Williamson — April 20, 2017

Annie Dookhan is not the first. She will not be the last.

Dookhan, who in 2013 pleaded guilty to 27 criminal counts involving obstruction of justice and tampering with evidence, was a chemist employed by Massachusetts to test evidence in drug cases. She was involved in thousands of them, and she routinely falsified evidence. For example, she declared samples positive for drugs without testing them and forged colleagues’ signatures on reports. On Wednesday, Massachusetts announced that it was obliged to throw out 21,587 drug convictions secured with questionable evidence.

In September 2001, Oklahoma City fired forensic chemist Joyce Gilchrist. Gilchrist had been accused of falsifying evidence, though she never was charged with a crime. She had offered testimony in capital murder cases in which she claimed that DNA samples matched those of the accused — claims that later turned out to be false. Jeffrey Todd Pierce, who served 15 years in prison on a rape charge bolstered by DNA evidence that turned out to be false, sued Gilchrist and the district attorney for $$75 million, claiming that they had conspired to falsify evidence. Oklahoma City settled. Curtis McCarthy spent 20 years on death row thanks in part to Gilchrist; his conviction was thrown out after the court found that Gilchrist had mishandled evidence and may have intentionally altered it. The Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals found that she had fabricated evidence in another capital case.

In the 1990s, Dr. Ralph Erdmann, a highly paid pathologist working for Lubbock County, Texas, ran into a spot of trouble: At one point he had misplaced a human head, and in one autopsy report he duly recorded the condition of the spleen of a man who did not have one. He kept blood samples in his home refrigerator, next to the mustard. He was eventually convicted of a raft of felonies involving evidence tampering and perjury. Local lawyers insisted that he was cooperating with the district attorney and providing whatever evidence was needed to produce a conviction. His tainted evidence helped produce convictions in at least 20 capital murder cases.

Dookhan received a sentence of three to five years and was shortly thereafter paroled. Gilchrist was never charged with a crime. Erdmann was sentenced to community service; he later was imprisoned on weapons charges and served two years. We go pretty easy on these kinds of crimes. We shouldn’t.

It is strange — and wrong — that we permit this sort of thing to happen, and that our attitudes about police and prosecutorial misconduct remain so blasé. It is natural that we want to give the benefit of the doubt to the people involved in the difficult work of keeping society safe from criminals, but it is a fact of human existence that police and prosecutorial work is a magnet for corruption. Prosecutors have ambitions, and police officers have bills to pay. Prosecutorial abuse is a problem from Texas to Massachusetts to California, and practically every big-city police department in this country has at one time or another been penetrated by organized-crime syndicates or suffered other forms of systemic corruption.

This is a moral problem, but too often our moral insistence that this sort of thing simply should not happen blinds us to the fact that it does happen, consistently, and that we need to take prophylactic measures against it.

Consider, for a moment, the very popular idea of drug-testing welfare recipients. There is very little evidence that this produces lower rates of drug use on the part of welfare recipients, and no evidence at all that it lowers welfare caseloads — much less that it does so in a way that offsets or more than offsets the cost of the drug testing. It might conceivably have some effect on casual recreational drug users, but as anybody who ever has worked with full-blown addicts knows, they will give up a great deal (jobs, custody of their children, marriages, self-respect) in the service of their addictions. We would be far more likely to reduce welfare dependency by treating addiction than to reduce addiction by restricting welfare dependency. But the desire to punish is a permanent part of the human outlook, and it has its own demands.

Why not test police and prosecutors instead?

Trust in institutions is the lubricant that permits the machinery of an open society to run.

Not for drug use. We would be far better off applying a similar idea in the matter of criminal cases by having independent third parties randomly retest DNA samples, drugs, and other physical evidence in felony cases. Erdmann’s autopsy reports were not only falsified — in many cases, he apparently did not perform the autopsy at all. Dookhan’s work similarly would have been exposed by ordinary oversight measures that are routine in other settings. We do not need Sherlock Holmes to root out this sort of wrongdoing. We only need basic responsible action.

Expensive? Surely. But not nearly so expensive as retrying 21,587 felony cases linked to a single chemist or making restitution for wrongful convictions. Difficult and problematic? No doubt, but not nearly so troubling as the possibility of wrongly convicting innocent people — or, as the wiser among us will appreciate, of convicting guilty people on bad evidence. It may very well have been the case that every man and woman Erdmann sent to death row was 100 percent guilty as charged; properly understood, that question is irrelevant to the issue of falsifying evidence and other forms of misconduct on the part of prosecutors and their colleagues. A bogus trial that produces the right result is still a bogus trial.

And it is expensive to have bogus trials.

Not only because of the obvious costs involved in reopening cases or making multimillion-dollar payments to those wrongly convicted, but because a liberal society runs on trust. Trust in institutions is the lubricant that permits the machinery of an open society to run. We ought to be routinely reexamining the work of prosecutors and police officers in a systematic and regular way not because we expect to find widespread abuse and misconduct but because we do not expect to find them.

Trust has to be earned.

In the 1950s, outlaw motorcycle gangs briefly became a subject of national fascination, owing in part to Marlon Brando’s performance in The Wild One. (Hunter S. Thompson’s later exploration of the subject in Hells Angels was his best work.) A representative of the American Motorcycle Association is supposed to have remarked that 99 percent of all motorcyclists were decent, law-abiding citizens. Since that time, outlaw motorcyclists have proudly worn a patch reading: “1%.”

Outlaw prosecutors, outlaw coroners, and outlaw chemists do not wear any such patch. And they probably don’t even amount to 1 percent of the people with whom we entrust the enforcement of our laws and the administration of justice. But they are there.

What are we going to do about that?

— Kevin D. Williamson is the roving correspondent for National Review.

READ MORE:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
179646,"Christmas 2015: History within ‘History’

Christmas is where God’s revelation to the People of Israel meets God’s revelation in his Son.

By George Weigel — December 24, 2015

For the past several decades, I’ve been wishing friends and familiars a “happy new year” — on the First Sunday of Advent, which marks the beginning of the liturgical year and thus the start of the really real “new year:” a new year of grace. That greeting is not just a bit of countercultural contrariness, however. It’s a way to remind myself that Christians ought to live by a different temporal rhythm, a different pace, than the culture we’re trying to convert. That reminder may be particularly necessary during the frenetic “holidays,” but it’s useful throughout the civil year as well. And as the impending 2016 seems likely to be full of — how to put it gently? — challenges, it’s worth pondering and praying over, this Christmastide, the truth through which Christians “read” history: the truth that salvation history, God’s work within his creation, unfolds inside, not alongside, what the world thinks of as “history.”

That salvific work began in earnest with the call of Abraham. It was experienced by the People of Israel during their Egyptian captivity, their miraculous exodus into freedom, their struggles to live in covenant relationship with God in the land they had been given as a patrimony, their exile in Babylon, their return to the land, and their contest with the pagan powers of the day. Through all of that “history,” a deeper history was unfolding, to which Moses, Elijah, David, and the prophets bore witness. And in that deeper history, the promises made to Abraham were being fulfilled, no matter how hard it was to discern that fulfillment or its trajectory.

The liturgical season of Advent — a month, more or less, in which the Church prepares annually for Christmas — is dominated by two figures whom Christians understand as a kind of pivot between God’s revelation to Israel and God’s revelation in his Incarnate Son.

RELATED: The Only Christmas Gift That Matters

The first of those figures is St. John the Baptist, whose ability to discern the history unfolding within what the world imagines to be “history” is first displayed before his own birth. Then, according to the Gospel story of the Visitation (Luke 1:39–56), the unborn child who will call Israel to a baptism of water and repentance recognizes his cousin Jesus, who will baptize the repentant with the Holy Spirit and with fire: As John’s mother Elizabeth puts it to her cousin Mary, “ . . . when the voice of your greeting came to my ears, the babe in my womb leaped for joy.” Later in the gospels, John reappears as a kind of prophetic wild man, living alone in the Judean wilderness, clad “in a garment of camel’s hair [with] a leather girdle around his waist,” sustaining himself on a diet of “locusts and wild honey” [Matthew 3:4]. He has no truck with the religious establishment of his day, whom he dismisses as a “brood of vipers” [Matthew 3:7], and his proclamation of the coming Reign of God is a proclamation of judgment: “Even now the axe is laid to the root of the trees; every tree therefore that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire” [Matthew 3:10]. As for the unrepentant, the “chaff,” they will “burn with unquenchable fire” [Matthew 3:12].

Yet for all that he appears in Scripture as someone utterly, uniquely intense — the biblical equivalent of what physicists would call a “singularity” — John, this bridge figure between the ancient prophets of Israel and the coming of the Messiah whom he heralds, is not about himself. On the contrary, after he baptizes Jesus in the Jordan River, John tells his own disciples that Jesus “must increase, but I must decrease” (John 3:30). The Baptist’s prophetic witness is one of self-emptying through relentless truth-telling and sets the New Testament standard for political incorrectness; his passionate commitment to the moral truths given to the chosen people by God eventually costs him, literally, his head.

RELATED: Getting Beyond Turtle and Chameleon Christians

The Church’s meditation on the strangely compelling figure of John the Baptist during Advent is thus a challenge to the regnant self-absorption of this cultural moment: For if anything is a frontal assault on the 21st-century ideology of Self, it is John’s insistence that “He must increase, but I must decrease.” No expressive individualism there; no “I did it my way;” no public-life-as-reality-TV, Trump-style. “He must increase, but I must decrease”: that countercultural message from the one whom Christians revere as the culmination of the prophets of Israel is then embodied in the second great Advent figure who helps prepare the Church for Christmas, Mary of Nazareth.

Mary, too, is both pivot and link between God’s revelation to Israel and God’s revelation in his Son. Like Israel of old, she is both attentive to a possible word from God and puzzled, even startled, when it arrives: a combination well captured in Henry Ossawa Tanner’s splendid painting, The Annunciation. Like John, last of the prophets, Mary places herself, not at the disposal of her Self, but at the disposal of the divine will: “Be it done unto me according to your word” [Luke 1:38]. And, like John, Mary knows that she must decrease so that her son might increase: thus her last recorded words in the New Testament, to the waiters at the wedding fast in Cana, “Do whatever he tells you” (John 2:4).

In all of this, Mary both sets the pattern of Christian discipleship and appears to the eyes of Christian faith as the greatest of bridges between the Old and New Testaments. For as Luke presents the story of the Incarnation, Mary becomes, through her self-emptying and obedient acceptance of the divine will, the new Ark of the Covenant, in whom, by the power of the Holy Spirit, the glory of God once again dwells among his chosen people — this time, in the flesh: “The Holy Spirit will come upon you and the power of the Most High will overshadow you; therefore the child to be born will be called holy, the Son of God.” (Luke 1:35). Thus, through Mary’s “yes,” her fiat, the eyes of faith first glimpse the Thrice Holy God who is Trinity, and who, through her, blesses the world in a new and definitive way. And because God is a triune communion in which the three divine Persons live in complete self-gift and reciprocity, those disciples who live in the light and love of the Trinity can, even now, live beyond the paganism of Self, making their lives into a gift to others and thereby becoming a light to the nations.

RELATED: Christmas in an Age of Existential Crisis

Christmas is a richly symbolic, evocative antidote to the ideology of the imperial, autonomous Self: John the Baptist and Mary bear witness to the Law of the Gift inscribed in creation by the Triune God — the moral truth that fulfillment and human flourishing come through the gift of self, not the assertion of self. Christmas is where God’s revelation to the People of Israel meets God’s revelation in his Son. Christmas is where the drama of salvation history erupts into what the world knows as “history” through a shining star, an angelic choir, a faithful young couple, some startled herders, and wise men from a distant land. Two millennia of Christian disciples have known this about Advent and Christmas; few hymns express it better than that traditionally ascribed to St. Ambrose, bishop of Milan in the fourth century:

Veni, Redemptor gentium; O Come, Redeemer of the earth,

ostende partum Virginis; and manifest Thy virgin birth.

miretur omne saeculum: Let every age in wonder fall:

talis decet partus Deum Such birth befits the God of all.

Non ex virili semine, Begotten of no human will

sed mystico spiramine but of the Spirit, Thou art still

Verbum Dei factum est caro the Word of God in flesh arrayed

fructusque ventris floruit. the promised fruit to man displayed.

Alvus tumescit Virginis, The Virgin’s womb that burden gained,

claustrum pudoris permanet, its virgin honor still unstained.

vexilla virtutum micant, The banners there of virtue glow;

versatur in templo Deus. God in his temple dwells below.

Procedat e thalamo suo, Proceeding from His chamber free

pudoris aula regia, that royal home of purity

geminae gigans substantiae a giant in twofold substance one,

alacris ut currat viam. rejoicing now his course to run.

Aequalis aeterno Patri, O equal to the father, Thou!

carnis tropaeo cingere, gird on Thy fleshly mantle now;

infirma nostri corporis the weakness of our mortal state

virtute firmans perpeti. with deathless might invigorate.

Praesepe iam fulget tuum Thy cradle here shall glitter bright,

lumenque nox spirat novum, and darkness breathe a newer light

quod nulla nox interpolet where endless faith shall shine serene

fideque iugi luceat. and twilight never intervene.

Sit, Christi, rex piissime, All praise, eternal Son, to Thee,

tibi Patrique gloria whose advent sets Thy people free,

cum Spiritu Paraclito, whom, with the Father, we adore,

in sempitern saecula. and Holy Ghost, for evermore.

Amen. Amen.

[trans. J. M. Neale]

— George Weigel is Distinguished Senior Fellow of Washington’s Ethics and Public Policy Center, where he holds the William E. Simon Chair in Catholic Studies.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
75249,"Arthur Herman February 5, 2018, Issue @ArthurLHerman by

The Quantum Spy, by David Ignatius (Norton, 336 pp., $25.95)

The most serious national-security challenge America faces in the next decade isn’t going to be North Korea, or Russia, or even China — or at least not the China conventional geopolitical strategists think about today. It’s going to be whoever wins the race to build the world’s first large-scale quantum computer — a computer that relies on the principles of quantum physics to solve complex mathematical problems that even the world’s fastest supercomputers can’t tackle.

Here’s how the fictional CIA director in David Ignatius’s new espionage thriller puts it: “The president is obsessed with quantum computing. . . . He doesn’t understand it, but he has briefers from Yale and MIT stacked up over the West Wing like airplanes over Dulles. They all tell him the same thing: Quantum computing is a paradigm shift. It’s like Galileo and Newton. He listens to these professors, and then he tells everyone around the table in the Sit Room: ‘This will change everything.’”

Quantum computing will mean putting hitherto unimaginable miracles of science, such as the development of advanced designer drugs, in everyday reach. Unfortunately, it also means that virtually every cyber-encryption system around the planet, including those that house our most vital national secrets and even the vaunted blockchain technology, can be cracked open in an instant.

Today quantum computers are the stuff not of fiction but of engineering reality, and right now there is a race to achieve what scientists call “quantum supremacy,” which is when a single quantum computer can outperform even the most advanced conventional computers. In the United States, Google, Microsoft, and IBM have all built actual working quantum computers and are now steadily approaching the threshold of quantum supremacy. But China is currently outspending the U.S. government 30 to 1 to beat everyone to the quantum brass ring. While our government doles out $200 million a year to various agencies doing quantum research, Beijing has launched a $10 billion crash program to build a 4 million–square-foot national quantum laboratory in the city of Heifi in order to equip its armed forces with key quantum technologies, and has already launched the world’s first quantum satellite able to send messages using quantum-encryption technology that can’t be hacked, ever.

All this forms the background for The Quantum Spy, in which a CIA officer named Harris Chang is hot on the trail of a Chinese mole who’s been stealing quantum-computing secrets from the United States’ most sensitive research labs — secrets that could ultimately mean a world dominated by China instead of the United States.

The hallmarks of all of Ignatius’s novels are vividly drawn but true-to-life characters and fast action grounded in real-life politics and technology. In this case, the technology is quantum computers.

How do quantum computers work? In the bizarre world of quantum mechanics, electrons and photons can be in two states at once (physicists call this “superposition”). All current computers, even supercomputers, process data in a linear sequence of ones and zeros. Every “bit,” the smallest unit of data, has to be either a zero or a one. But a quantum bit or “qubit” can be a zero and a one at the same time, and do two computations at once. Add more qubits, and the computing power grows exponentially. Ten qubits can do 1,000 calculations at once; 30 can do a billion. This will allow quantum computers of the future to solve problems thousands of times faster than the fastest supercomputer — the equivalent of being able to read every book in the Library of Congress at once, instead of one at a time.

This means death for most current encryption systems, because they are based on math problems that would take a conventional computer centuries to solve. Not even blockchain encryption will be able to withstand the first quantum attack, if it relies on classical two-key encryption architecture — the same architecture protecting nearly all digital information today, from our bank accounts and the power grid to every federal agency (including the Pentagon).

Quantum supremacy (which theoretically means a computer of 50 qubits or more) in the hands of an enemy would be a national-security nightmare, as the characters in Quantum Spy, both Americans and Chinese, are all too well aware. They include Chang, a thirtysomething Chinese-American CIA intelligence officer who catches Beijing’s spies for a living; his ruthless boss, John Vandel; the equally ruthless Chinese intel chief, Li Zian; and Roger Kronholz of the Intelligence Advanced Research Project Agency.

Kronholz falls increasingly under suspicion of being the Chinese mole, as does Denise Ford, another CIA researcher, freshly arrived in D.C. from Paris to work the quantum beat. Eventually even Chang finds himself coming under scrutiny, in part because of his Chinese ancestry but also because no one can trust anyone in the “wilderness of mirrors” that makes up the world of counterintelligence — especially scientists whose first instinct is to share their data and research with other scientists rather than adhere to the rules imposed by security clearances and “need to know.”

The plot of Quantum Spy thus rests on a conflict besides the one between China and the United States: the one between science and security, between advancing knowledge and protecting national assets built around that knowledge.

It’s an issue that needs sorting out in real life, especially in the United States, where university-based quantum experts often find themselves working with their Chinese and Russian counterparts. A company such as Google doesn’t hesitate to build its new artificial-intelligence research center in China and to equip it with Chinese staff. Throw in the fact that, according to leading experts, getting to Quantum D-Day might take only another five years, and we face a national crisis of existential proportions.

Why is quantum research taking as long as it is? Qubits are notoriously volatile and keeping them stable enough to do their job is immensely difficult. Ignatius describes the process: “Normally, researchers could push the fragile qubits into the superpositioned state that was both one and zero for a few milliseconds . . . and their power to compute was immense. But then flutter — heat, light, magnetic field fluctuations, even the jitters caused by the lasers themselves — would disrupt the array and the coherence would collapse.”

In the novel, coherence collapses for Harris Chang as well, as his search for the mole dissolves into a labyrinth of betrayal and deception. In the end, he learns that he, like the quanta, isn’t “a zero or a one”: “He occupied a space where things are ambiguous, where people are simultaneously friend and foe, loyal and disloyal, impossible to define until the moment when events intervene and force each particle, each heart, to one side or the other.”

But whatever the ambiguities of Ignatius’s plot and characters, there are none about the consequences of who wins, and who loses, the quantum race. In November, IBM announced that it had crossed the crucial 50-qubit threshold (if only for 59 nanoseconds). As was the case with the race to build the first hydrogen bomb, the future of the world hangs in the balance. If The Quantum Spy can raise awareness of the seriousness of the issue, and of the threat we face, Ignatius has done a public service, as well as written a smartly paced, thoughtful spy thriller.

– Mr. Herman, a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute, is the author of 1917: Lenin, Wilson, and the Birth of the New World Disorder.

Send a letter to the editor.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
461147,"Bernie Reeves

C

olumnist Bernie Reeves founded five regional publications and the Raleigh Spy Conference (www.raleighspyconference.com). He was among the first editors in the United States to cover and expose radical scholars in higher education (www.therealberniereeves.com)",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
648834,"At several points during his Monday sermon to Wall Street, President Obama referred to the “lessons we’ve learned” from the financial crisis. But to judge from the speech, it’s clear that he failed to learn the most important lesson: Regulations, no matter how well designed, cannot prevent the formation of speculative bubbles — particularly those inflated by government policies.

More often than not, regulations cannot keep pace with financial innovation. Obama argued that credit-default swaps need to be regulated and that banks should have stronger capital requirements. The reality is that banks used credit-default swaps to get around their existing capital requirements. A credit-default swap is like insurance on a debt, and regulators allowed banks with insured debts to operate with less capital. Regulate swaps, raise capital requirements, and watch banks invent another way to evade these regulations. There is too much money at stake.

The only effective check against excessive risk-taking in the market is the prospect of failure and financial loss. The current crisis was fueled in no small part by government policies that insulated key players in the housing market from risk. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which together owned or guaranteed half of the mortgages in the country, operated with the implicit understanding that the government would rescue them if they collapsed. This understanding gave them access to easy credit, which allowed them to grow dangerously overleveraged.

On the lending side, government officials — Republicans and Democrats alike — urged banks to loosen their underwriting standards in the name of expanding home ownership, even to those who weren’t prepared for the responsibility. This race to the bottom of underwriting standards started with Fannie and Freddie but came to include all banks, thanks in part to initiatives such as the Community Reinvestment Act, which gave regulators the power to push banks to increase mortgage lending to low-income borrowers. A loose monetary policy from 2002 to 2005 lured investors looking for a good return into seemingly safe mortgage-backed securities. Investors, banks, and borrowers bet big that home prices would always go up.

Unsurprisingly, this is not the narrative Obama presented in his speech. According to Obama, a big reason for the housing crisis is that “millions of Americans . . . signed contracts they didn’t fully understand, offered by lenders who didn’t always tell the truth.” The centerpiece of Obama’s regulatory overhaul — the creation of a Consumer Financial Protection Agency (CFPA) — would allegedly prevent this kind of mass deception from happening again.

In theory, the CFPA would protect Americans from “contracts designed to be unintelligible, hidden fees . . . and financial penalties.” (Could they begin by reviewing Obama’s health-care plan?) In reality, the agency would have a chilling effect on financial innovation, reducing choice in the name of protecting consumers. Responsible borrowers would see their options curtailed — to what benefit? Does anyone seriously think this would prevent fools from parting with their money?

Fittingly, the real reason left-wing groups like ACORN are pushing for the CFPA goes back to the Community Reinvestment Act, and to the origins of the crisis. The legislation creating the CFPA, drafted by Barney Frank and Chris Dodd, would transfer authority over Community Reinvestment Act enforcement from the FDIC and the Fed to the CFPA. The FDIC and the Fed have proven imperfect regulators, far too vulnerable to political pressure for expanding home ownership — but, unlike the CFPA, each has a mandate to ensure the safety and soundness of the banking system. The new agency would have broad authority to define “unfair” or “abusive” lending practices, and the power to pressure banks to lower their lending standards, but no regulatory mandate to police safety and soundness. That is not a recipe for stability. Thinking of charging low-income borrowers a higher interest rate to offset the higher risk? You can’t — that would be “abusive” — but you may still have to make the loan.

Obama also called for a “resolution authority” for large, non-bank financial firms. We have supported this idea in the past as an alternative to bailouts. The unfortunate fact of the matter is that the bailouts have dulled Wall Street to the prospect of failure and created a level of moral hazard that calls for a strong corrective. Policymakers need a credible alternative to bailouts that requires all stakeholders in a collapsing giant — not just stockholders and taxpayers — to bear losses, and one that results in the orderly dissolution of the firm.

When Obama says we need to put an end to the idea of “too big to fail,” we wholeheartedly agree. But on the matter of resolution authority, his speech was lacking details, and we definitely don’t trust Dr. Obamacare to get the details right. We’ll reserve judgment and keep a close eye on the legislation as it develops. As far as Obama’s overall approach to regulation, our judgment already is in: For all Obama’s talk of lessons, the collapse of the government-engineered housing bubble appears to have taught him nothing.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
106893,"Starting August 1, the U.S. Postal Service will stop delivering mail on Saturdays as a cost-cutting measure. Your Netflix disc subscription just lost a sixth of its value. I think Matthew Yglesias gets it just right:

It’s a perfectly reasonable idea that will improve USPS’s budgetary situation with minimum disruption to the people who work there or the people who use the service.

That said it obviously doesn’t get to the core issue here. USPS is built around a cross-subsidy model. The idea is that a monopoly on the right to deliver daily mail will generate lucrative profits in most cases and those profits will allow the USPS to cover the cost of unprofitable routes thus fulfilling its Universal Service Obligation. And for a long time it worked great. In fact the profits were so big that the USPS workforce was able to help itself to relatively generous compensation packages while still leaving plenty of money to run the postal service.

But the monopoly has become less lucrative and that’s not going to change in the future. That’s squeezed the budget, squeezed postal workers’ compensation packages, and is now squeezing the quality of nationwide mail service. As a country, we need to ask ourselves whether providing subsidized mail delivery to low-density areas is really a key national priority. Without the monopoly/USO obligation it’s not as if rural dwellers wouldn’t be able to get mail, it’s just that they might need to pay more in recognition of the fact that it’s inconvenient to provide delivery services in low-density areas",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
261919,"I can’t tell you how excited I am at the news that good ol’ SpongeBob is throwing his and Callista’s Squarepants into the ring for the Stupid Party’s 2012 designated-loser/presidential-candidate sweepstakes, thus joining an already crowded field of unelectables, has-beens, never-wases, never-will-be’s, who’s-he mystery men, libertarians, radical libertarians, pizza guys, former governors of Minnesota, and just plain nut jobs. Way to go, GOP! No wonder we call you the Stupid Party. You’ve earned it.

Not that Mr. Newt isn’t brilliant. He could probably whip us all on Jeopardy, especially if they asked real questions about history and stuff, instead of about Justin Bieber and Lady Gaga. But he was born in 1943, which makes him six years older than my dad, the sainted “Che” Kahane, and there’s no way I’m voting for my old man for president.

I mean, here you have His Serene Majesty the Emperor Barack Hussein Obama II, Lord of the Flies, Keeper of the Hoops, Master of the Greens, Bringer of Kinetic Military Action, Vacationer-in-Chief, Slayer of Osama, and Protector of the Holy Cities of Honolulu and Chicago, who — despite his impressive array of titles — is probably the most beatable incumbent since George H. W. Bush, and you won’t even try to beat him? Good Gaia, people, where’s the politically correct fighting spirit that negotiated a peace-process settlement with the West? The government program that subsidized the wagon trains? Libby Custer’s grief counselors after the Little Big Horn? Your intrepid forebears would be ashamed of you. Ours, not so much, since they were in therapy at the time.

Like almost none of you, I was riveted by the first-in-the-Fox-nation Republican debate the other day, and thrilled to make the acquaintance of a bunch of guys I’ll probably never lay eyes on again. While personally I’m glad that you wingnuts now officially favor legalizing heroin and sending women who exercise their semi-divine right to choose to Gitmo for enhanced interrogation, I don’t think this is a winning combo, blue-state-wise. If you’re going to beat Li’l Barry, you’re going to need to take off the gloves and bring out the A-team, not the Expendables.

Now, before you start getting all wee-wee’d up about the likes of Mr. Newt, Mitt, Michele, Sarah, Rudy, Mitch, and some Chinese guy named Huntsman, take a deep breath, settle back on the Barcalounger, and call your Obamacare state-approved caregiver — you’re having a hallucination. None of these folks is going to be president.

Newt has had as many wives as Osama, while Massachusetts Mitt is a hologram, an astral projection brought on by advanced medical technology that can produce the simulacrum of a candidate without, you know, the actual substance. Sarah will soon be best known as “Herself” on Bristol Palin’s new reality show. Michele still needs a map to find Lexington and Concord, and anyway shouldn’t she be at home with her 10,000 kids? Now that Obama’s killed Osama, Rudy seems like Encino Man, and I’m still not clear on who the Chinese guy is, except that we really, really want you to nominate him.

Which brings us to Mitch Daniels.

Don’t get me wrong — just like some of you, I’m jazzed about Mitch. Who wouldn’t be? Colorless, diffident, weird, a homunculus with hair that former frontrunner Donald Trump probably secretly envies since there’s so little of it, Daniels is the perfect puss of the Republican party in this year of our Common Era, 2011. Let’s celebrate his diverse qualifications:

�—� He’s from Indiana, a state with as politically incorrect a name as can be imagined. I mean, why don’t they just call it Redskinland and be done with it? Indiana is like Delaware writ a tiny bit larger, one of those states you couldn’t pick out of a police lineup if it mugged you and got arrested at the scene by Ohio and Illinois. Half of it’s a suburb of Obama, Tony Rezko, and Bill Ayers’s neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago, for crying out loud. Not that there’s anything wrong with that!

�—� He’s basically an accountant. Nothing gets the political juices flowing and the passions boiling like a green-eyeshade guy solemnly warning the nation that a big hangover’s coming while the band’s still playing, the girls are dancing in their skivvies on the bar, and nobody’s called the cops yet. Sure, the teabaggers are all het up about the deficit and whatnot, but the rest of us love our entitlements and won’t hear a word against them. When one in seven of our fellow citizens is on food stamps, and half the population contributes a grand total of whiz-all in federal income taxes, we don’t call that a bug, we call it a feature! Free stuff for everybody, now and forever — that’s our winning campaign slogan, and if you don’t like it, try to come up with a better one.

�—� He’s . . . zzzzzzzzz. What? Sorry, fell asleep there for a sec. Fine now.

I know that some of you are sitting around waiting for a deus ex machina to descend from the sky and start singing a castrati aria. As you lie in bed hugging your pillow and ogling that dreamboat Glenn Beck at two in the morning, you start to fantasize about Mr. Right . . . and then a tall, dark, fat, and handsome Chris Christie emerges from the shadows like Fabio on the cover of a bodice-ripper and sweeps you off your feet, or your bum, or whatever, and into the perfumed night . . .

Well, let me let you in on a little secret — your beautiful dream is our worst nightmare. Except that we don’t see Christie as Fabio, we see him as another Italian, namely Tony Soprano. Unlike Mitt, Mitch, and the Diana-figure from The Shanghai Gesture, Chris Christie Superstar knows how to bring it; he would take the fight to Barry in a debate like Tony beating the bejesus out of the bartender at the Bada Bing club only, you know, with words and Pine Barren ’tude. Talk about a cheer moment — even those of us on the left who’ve had to swallow our formerly principled opposition to Gitmo, waterboarding, rendition, Special Ops, and, well, assassination in the interests of national solidarity might feel a thrill or two.

But the Fat Man says he ain’t running, nohow, no way. And I can respect that: When the Boss is one of your subjects, who wouldn’t want to be King of the Boardwalk? Nucky Johnson’s got nothing on Chris. Still, can you imagine a Christie/Allen West ticket — two cans of whup-ass in a one-can cubicle. Even Hillary ’12! couldn’t stand up to that.

So what are you poor slobs going to do? Who’s going to be the tomato can offering sham opposition to His Highness’s media-ordained second term in exchange for face-time emoluments down the line? Who’s going to be the designated patsy in the next Obama hagiography by Mark Halperin and John Heilemann? Who’s going to want to see his or her reputation trashed, the family dragged through the mud, the appearances on Morning Joe and Meet the Press at least temporarily halted? Whom will you find to cause Mika Brzezinski to sigh and roll her eyes prettily at the very mention of the unholy name? In short, who’s going to be the palooka?

Luckily, you’ve already got him, a candidate who’s tanned, rested, tested, and ready to lose. A man who’s seen both sides now, who’s experienced the E-ticket ride from the heights of media adulation to the depths of ignominious and disgraceful defeat and up again. A hero for our times, who’s fought back from the electoral disaster of 2008 to resume his rightful place among the Talking Heads Elect. The man to whom you owe absolutely nothing for your transient victories in the midterms. The man who, more than anybody else, gave us the glorious reign of the Emperor Hussein.

The man who never saw an aisle he didn’t want to reach across, even if he has to regenerate a new limb or two every few weeks. The fighter pilot with the common touch, who has so many houses, thanks to his rich second wife, that he can’t remember how many there are. A man of peace who never met a war he didn’t want to start, especially if we can bomb the bastards into submission without getting shot down. A man of such political bravery that he’s willing to attack his own side wherever and whenever it’s expedient. A man who takes a licking, likes it, and keeps on licking.

Ladies and gentlemen and Republicans, I give you John McCain.

Go ahead. You know you want to. It’s so much easier on all of us this way.

— As a Hollywood insider, David Kahane remains scrupulously nonpartisan in his politics: He votes for liberals and Democrats alike. You can sign on to DAVEPAC ’12 by writing to him at [email protected] or by abjectly begging him to be your illusory “friend” on Facebook, just as long as you shell out for your personal copy of Rules for Radical Conservatives. Proof of purchase required. Hey — it’s still a capitalist country, for the nonce.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
378668,"Bernie Sanders released his 2014 tax return this weekend, revealing that he and his wife took $$60,208 in deductions from their taxable income. These deductions are all perfectly legal and permitted under the U.S. tax code, but they present a morally inconvenient, if delicious, irony: The Democratic socialist from Vermont, a man who rages against high earners paying a lower effective tax rate than blue-collar workers, saved himself thousands using many of the tricks that would be banned under his own tax plan.

With all of his itemized deductions, Sanders’s taxable income was significantly lower than it would have been if he had taken the standard deduction. The deductions left Sanders and his wife paying $$27,653 in federal income taxes in 2014, on a joint income of $$205,271 — an effective federal tax rate of 13.5 percent. If that seems low to you, your instincts are right: According to the Tax Foundation, the average federal income-tax rate for a couple making $$200,000 to $$500,000 in 2014 was 15.2 percent. The “millionaires and billionaires” that Sanders is so fond of berating payed, on average, just more than twice as much of their income (27.4 percent) in federal taxes as he did.

On the campaign trail, Sanders’s taxation philosophy is simple: If you can pay more, you should; deductions are not a justifiable reason for a wealthy person to pay a lower effective rate than someone who earns less. His web site declares, “We need a progressive tax system in this country which is based on ability to pay. It is not acceptable that corporate CEOs in this country often enjoy an effective tax rate which is lower than their secretaries.”

With such rhetoric, you might think that Sanders would be reluctant to take every deduction he possibly could. Yet he and his wife took these deductions:

$$22,946 on home-mortgage interest

$$14,843 on real-estate taxes

$$9,666 on state and local income taxes

$$8,000 in gifts to charity

$$350 in gifts to charity other than by cash or check

$$4,473 in unreimbursed job expenses, which according to tax law can include fees such as union dues and travel

Keep in mind, Bernie Sanders doesn’t really like people itemizing their deductions to keep their taxes low. Under his tax plan, people making more than $$250,000 per year — a bit more than he makes as a senator, but less than the $$400,000 he would make as president — would see the value of their deductions limited to 28 cents on every dollar of taxes they paid. (The Sanders family, which falls in the 28 percent tax bracket, would just avoid being affected by the change.)

The paragon of liberal purity is not as pure as he’d like the world to believe.

The Sanders’s single largest deduction was for the interest payments on their home mortgages. The senator isn’t such a fan of that deduction. In a 1997 book and again in his 2015 autobiography, he called for raising nearly $$35 billion in new taxes by capping it at the first $$300,000 in home-mortgage debt. In a speech on the floor of the House in 1997, he portrayed the deduction as a welfare payment to billionaires: “[Republicans] don’t talk about a housing policy through the home-interest mortgage deduction, which allows billionaires to get checks from the government when they deduct the mortgage from their mansions.”

Today, Sanders and his wife own two homes. They own a four-bedroom, 2.5-bath home in Chittenden County, Vermont, purchased in 2009 for $$405,000. And they own a one-bedroom town house on Capitol Hill, purchased in 2007 for $$488,999. They have two mortgages on the latter property totaling $$464,550. We don’t know precisely how much debt remains on those mortgages, but there’s a good chance it’s significantly higher than $$300,000.

Sanders may have once thought the deduction was an unjust giveaway to the rich, but he appears to have no problem taking advantage of it himself.

The Tax Policy Center found that biggest beneficiaries of the mortgage-interest deduction are people such as Sanders — wealthy by most standards, but not super-rich, living in areas with high real-estate costs. (Places with high real-estate costs often have high property or real-estate taxes, another big federal deduction. Some argue that allowing Americans to deduct their property taxes rewards localities that have high property-tax rates and punishes those that have low ones.)

The home-mortgage deduction has a smaller impact on the tax returns of the “millionaires and billionaires” that Sanders so loathes. In the TPC study, a person making $$1 million per year saw his average federal tax rate reduced by only one-tenth of one percent because of the deduction, while someone making between a $$500,000 and $$1 million per year saw a tax rate reduction of six-tenths of one percent. The biggest winners were those making $$100,000 to $$200,000 per year and those making between $$200,000 and $$500,000 per year: Both groups saw their tax rates reduced by 1.2 percent because of the deduction.

What Sanders did, using every option and advantage available under a Byzantine tax code to minimize his tax payment, is a normal practice for many Americans. But it’s also exactly what the targets of his anger do. You can argue about whether or not that’s greed, but it’s impossible to argue that it isn’t hypocrisy. The paragon of liberal purity is not as pure as he’d like the world to believe.

— Jim Geraghty is the senior political correspondent for National Review.

Editor’s Note: This piece has been amended since its initial posting.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
697685,"I stand corrected, and happily so (viewing Europe’s debacle from a distance).

It appears that the €5 billion windfall profit from the Emissions Trading Scheme boondoggle that I attributed to EU utilities over 2005-2007 is really just utilities from one (large) country, per year (!!!).

Per a Reuters story just out, suggesting that Europe is likely to revisit the whole mess in favor of taxes — gee, what a great time for the US to jump on this sinking ship! Europe’s doing it, so we have to…to which I reply, Europe’s likely to drop the whole mess, so let’s go straight from A to Zed now and drop the idea as well” — we see the following:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207068,"How Government Bureaucracy Is Failing Veterans

By Veronique de Rugy — November 11, 2013

For Veterans Day, Reason TV has a good video about how the bureaucracy that’s supposed to serve veterans is failing them.

This issue is not new, of course, but it should get all the attention we can give it. Back in March, The Economist had a story about the incredible lines and waiting periods veterans have to put up with before receiving benefits. While expanded eligibility standards explains part of the stress on the system, the real problem is a broken bureaucracy. Here is what it means on the ground for those waiting:

A grim result of this bottleneck is that in the past fiscal year over $400m in retroactive benefits was paid to family members of veterans who died waiting. One such veteran was Scott Eiswert, a National Guardsman who returned from Iraq in 2005. Tortured by nightmares of roadside bombs and fallen comrades, Eiswert took to drink. When the doctors at the VA at last found time to see him they diagnosed him with PTSD. But the VA rejected his disability claims, on the ground that his condition could not be tied to specific incidents from his service. In 2008, after learning that his unit was going back to Iraq, he took his own life. About 20% of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans are thought to suffer from PTSD, though many do not report their problems. Instead they try to dose themselves. A VA study found that veterans suffering from PTSD or depression were about four times more likely to have drug or drink problems. Too many end up in the same desperate place as Eiswert. The VA reported that, on average, 22 veterans committed suicide each day in 2010. Last year more active-duty soldiers took their own lives than were killed in combat.

More here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
637435,This past August 28 marked the 50th anniversary of Rev. Martin Luther King’s “I Have a Dream” speech in 1963. King’s stirring words would be remembered as one of the most famous and influential speeches in American history. Here’s a look back.,nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
695734,"How ironic that ill-mannered students at Columbia heckled, hissed, booed, and shouted “racist” at a wounded veteran, Anthony Maschek, as he was attemptinng to address them about returning ROTC to the campus. He should have told them that the Army’s official policy under Gen. George C. Casey is to put “diversity” ahead of the lives of its soldiers. I’m sure the students would have found that very gratifying. And how ironic to hear that the students were also riled up at reports of sexual harassment of female soldiers. Plenty of people warned that putting men and women in close quarters under the feminist delusion that the sexes are exactly alike, or should be made to be so, would result in sexual malfeasance. Of course such warnings were ignored. Now the Army is accused of sexism when it has bent over backwards to open its ranks to women and to silence any criticism or disagreement about their presence or performance.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
698335,"Since my present accommodations in Spain are somewhat less elaborate than Michelle Obama’s, my Web surfing is done by Blackberry. That was enough for me to encounter this CNN item (hat tip Drudge), which informs us that we should respond to the increasing number of electricity blackouts not by ending the war on production, but by granting more of our freedoms to the same green sages who brought the problem about.

Well, yes. I told you so.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720951,"The Life Expectancy of Iran’s Nuclear Physicists

By Ali Alfoneh — November 29, 2010

Earlier today, Majid Shahriari, a professor in nuclear physics at Martyr Beheshti University, was assassinated in Tehran. Fereydoun Abbasi Davani, professor in nuclear physics at Iran’s National Defense University, was severely wounded in a separate attack. Motorcyclists either stuck explosives to the physicists’ cars as they headed to work, or threw explosives into the cars. These were just the latest attacks — on January 10, 2010, Masoud Ali-Mohammadi, another Iranian physicist, was killed by a remote-controlled bomb as he left his home.

No group has taken responsibility for the assassination attempt, but President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has blamed “Western governments and the Zionist regime.”

There is too much unknown right now. The attacks could be a concerted effort to retard Iran’s nuclear progress, or they could be meant to hype Iran’s own “terror threat” and provide an excuse to crack down on domestic opposition. The only certainty is that the life expectancy of Iranian nuclear physicists is falling rapidly, and is now almost as low as that of Iran’s civil-rights activists, journalists, and public intellectuals.

— Ali Alfoneh is a resident fellow at American Enterprise Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
703868,"David Roberts, the likable-if-somewhat-excessively-envirothusiastic staff writer for Grist, has written a post on achieving a consensus between greens and libertarians.

If nothing else, greens and conservatives ought to be able to agree on rationalizing existing regulations. Some regulatory incentives degrade environmental and economic performance. You could point to fossil-fuel subsidies, antediluvian utility regulations, unpriced carbon emissions, any number of tax breaks and incentives that favor industry incumbents, even parts of the Clean Air Act. These are market distortions that incentivize inefficiency (i.e., stupidity) and therefore waste (i.e., pollution). Removing or rationalizing them — making a more perfect market, with more competition, better information, and lower barriers to entry — would improve environmental performance. There is, or ought to be, a win-win space in climate politics: reforming or removing government policies that do violence to both market and ecological principles. Libertarians and greens could go a decent distance together just on that basis, maybe building a little trust along the way.

This flows from an essentially semantic disagreement that Ryan Avent had with Jim Manzi over what constitutes incremental innovation. I wrote a post — eaten by Internet goblins and my own incompetence — on the subject yesterday. Basically, Avent believes that high gasoline prices in Europe have led to innovative policy responses in domains ranging from mass transit to land-use regulations that have managed to improve the quality of life while reducing gasoline consumption. My sense is that this was not quite germane to Jim’s original observation, but we’ll leave that to the side.

I will say, however, that Roberts makes a valuable point, and Brad Plumer wrote a brilliant article on a related theme last fall.

Right now, Congress is crafting legislation to curb U.S. greenhouse gases in order to avert a climate catastrophe. The centerpiece of that bill is a cap-and-trade system that would place an economy-wide limit on carbon-dioxide emissions and let companies trade permits among themselves–in essence, letting the free market decide how best to make cuts. But the electricity sector, which is responsible for roughly 40 percent of the country’s emissions, is anything but free or flexible. Instead, it’s governed by a bewildering patchwork of regulations that depress innovation, thwart efficiency improvements, and hinder the adoption of cleaner forms of energy. That means our best efforts to solve the climate crisis could fall short, unless we revamp the rules that shape the way we get electricity. If health care reform seems nightmarish, just wait for the fight over the grid.

Cap-and-trade is dead, at least for now. But one wonders if there is room to streamline the bewildering patchwork of regulations Plumer describes. In the article, Plumer offered a number of ideas, ranging from “decoupling” — guaranteeing fixed revenues to utilities for a year, so that firms can increase profits by creating efficiencies rather than by simply selling more power — and facilitating local generation, i.e., the construction of smaller power plants located closer to consumers.

Plumer saw a carbon cap as a “necessary start” to a broader program reform, but I’m not sure he’s right about that. As Roberts and Plumer have observed, cap-and-trade legislation was arguably a lifeline for the coal industry.

For a long time, coal was the cheapest energy source because the industry was allowed to offload so many of its hidden costs onto the public—asthma-causing air pollution, shoddy safety regulations, coal debris dumped in Appalachian streams… But as the government starts regulating these side effects more closely, it will become clear that coal isn’t actually all that cheap. Meanwhile, natural gas prices are falling and prices for renewables are tumbling. Fewer and fewer utilities want to keep plunking money down on coal. Then there’s global warming. Again, the industry is clinging to the hope that carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) will become viable someday, and low-carbon coal can become America’s energy source of choice. Right now, though, CCS is very much unproven, and it’s hugely expensive. A recent GAO report found that CCS simply won’t take off unless there’s a price on carbon or some sort of restriction on greenhouse gases. The coal industry could fight for a cap-and-trade system that a) allowed utilities to continue operating (some) coal-fired plants, and b) provided financial incentives for carbon capture. But, instead, the industry is just digging in its heels—and, in the end, that may prove to be a huge blunder.

Given that I have no desire to fund CCS, which seems, from my cursory reading, to be a dead-end technology, I tend to think the death of coal is not a bad thing.

Tim Carney offers more thoughts on Roberts’s call for consensus:

However creative our policymakers and think-tankers are, they’ll never be able to conceive of as many ways to enhance efficiency as can millions of people acting independently. So, the best way to address the overconsumption of fuel is to make sure government isn’t obscuring prices in this area: stop subsidizing roads, stop subsidizing drilling, stop subsidizing sprawl, stop bailing out automakers and thus subsidizing them. At the same time, let’s liberalize zoning laws and repeal some policies that prevent people from operating their own businesses.

Not surprisingly, I’m very sympathetic to Tim’s take.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
637714,"In video after video and in city after city, you see the same images. Wild melees break out in the streets. Men and women kick, punch, beat, and mace one another — in broad daylight. Lawless crowds surge through towns, vandalizing property, suppressing free speech, and sometimes even attacking speakers. And, while sometimes you see a strong police presence, all too often you don’t. All too often, the police seem to be entirely absent.

At Berkeley in February, police stood by and watched Antifa protestors riot. They burned buildings, beat Trump supporters, and took control of the streets. There was only one arrest. Berkeley police were so passive that they effectively granted the mob an enduring heckler’s veto over conservative speech. At Middlebury in March, left-wing protesters sent a liberal professor to the hospital. There were no arrests. Do you detect a theme? At key moments, not only are the police failing to prevent violence, they’re failing to hold rioters accountable after the fact.

Last weekend in Charlottesville, the violence escalated. While no one can credibly claim that the police could have prevented the alt-right terrorist attack, multiple observers on both sides of the battles have reported not just that the police failed to separate the two sides, they stood and watched terrifying and vicious brawls and beatings. Some witnesses claim that they never saw the police intervene in any fight. While the police can’t be everywhere, and they’re certainly not omnipotent, this pattern of abdicating control of the streets to the violent mob is extraordinarily dangerous.

Police passivity threatens individual liberty. As my friend, and former colleague at the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, Robert Shibley, wrote in USA Today, “freedom of expression . . . gives us the ability to hash out societal issues through argument instead of physical conflict, but it is only meaningful when people are reasonably confident that they will be physically safe while they speak and listen.” Or, to put it more simply, when people are frightened that they’ll get hit by a bike lock if they open their mouth, they’re less likely to speak.

Sadly, an increasing number of public-university officials are sacrificing liberty for safety, declaring time and again that safety is their “highest priority.” But this is a false choice. Their priorities are misplaced. It’s not either/or; it’s both/and. In other words, if the police help keep us safe but don’t help keep us free, then they have failed.

The stakes just keep getting higher. Given the utterly abysmal response to the violence in Charlottesville — with President Trump giving the alt-right aid and comfort and an unacceptable number of liberal elites celebrating Antifa thugs — the stage is set for an escalation. Both Antifa and the alt-right have reasons to feel empowered. Antifa, for example, has attacked and threatened to attack even mainstream-conservative events. Will it restrain itself now that it’s actually been compared to the American heroes who stormed the beaches on D-Day?

America is on edge, and one way to help an anxious nation climb back from the brink of even greater violence and greater polarization is to let the Constitution work. Give people the release valve of free speech. Answer terrible speech with better speech. And do not give in to mob rule.

Yes, that’s asking that police officers endure greater risks. Controlling an angry mob is far more challenging than controlling an unruly suspect, and, truth be told, I suspect that the “stand down” orders are in part explained by concern for officer safety. Most police officers don’t have comprehensive and effective training in riot control, and when poorly trained police confront vicious rioters, the risks skyrocket. In ordinary times, we’d think twice before asking men and women in uniform to accept such heightened dangers.

These, however, are not ordinary times. Extreme polarization threatens national unity, and few things fray civil society more than blood in the streets. It’s one thing to watch angry men and women yell at each other separated by a phalanx of police. It’s another thing entirely to see brutal beatings live and in living color.

Do not give in to mob rule.

If the clashes continue, there is no way to moderate or control the effects. It’s only through sheer good fortune that this weekend’s terror attack didn’t exact a far higher toll. We’re only a few trigger pulls away from a true massacre. Americans have long extolled the “thin blue line” that’s vital to maintaining our security and our liberty. As our nation’s angriest and most violent citizens threaten both, that blue line has to step forward once again. The Constitution can’t protect itself.

READ MORE:

Cowardice at Berkeley

The Rioters Are Winning

Antifa and the Alt-Right, Growing in Opposition to One Another

— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
419672,"Report: DNC Staffer Assists Double Voting for Obama

By Nathaniel Botwinick — October 10, 2012

Here is James O’Keefe’s latest venture featuring an Obama campaign staffer helping an undercover voter prepare to vote twice in the presidential election:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720865,"During a hearing of the House Armed Services Committee last September, Representative Randy Forbes (R., Va.) posed two questions to the four chiefs of staff — Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines: 1) Could you carry out military requirements under the latest Defense Strategic Guidance, assuming the ten-year budget cuts stay in effect? And: 2) Could you prevail in more than one regional conflict at the same time? One by one, the four chiefs replied to both questions: “No.”

The Army chief, General Raymond Odierno, elaborated: “In fact, it is my opinion that we would struggle to meet even one major contingency operation.” Unless we stop the diminution of military capability we’ve already suffered and reverse the decline, as General Odierno said elsewhere, “we may have to brutally accept more risk, where in the past we have reduced risk.”

Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel put it even more bluntly in a February 2014 Pentagon press briefing: “We are entering an era where American dominance on the seas, in the skies, and in space can no longer be taken for granted.”

Thus, whether because federal budgets over the last several years have failed to maintain and develop U.S. military capabilities and readiness, or because our adversaries have steadily increased their expenditures and improved their own military capabilities and readiness, or both, the U.S. no longer enjoys the benefits of unquestioned global military preeminence.

This has dramatic consequences for the U.S. and for the world.

For the U.S., it means at the very least that when a U.S. interest is threatened and a successful military intervention would protect that interest, the questions before the president and other policymakers will be harder for them to answer honestly than in the days when U.S. military dominance could be taken for granted and the answer was closer to a firm “yes.” These questions are: Does our military have the resources and the readiness to succeed in the proposed intervention? Would deploying U.S. military forces subject them to greater risks than those for which we have prepared them? Might we lose? What would be the costs of losing, in blood, treasure, and political influence?

The consequences of diminished U.S. military capabilities relative to those of potential aggressors are different for adversaries and enemies than they are for friends and allies. However, one consequence is the same for all: Each country, in determining its course of action, will take into account the acknowledged decline in U.S. military power.

For an adversary or an enemy considering aggression to achieve a goal, it means that even if the U.S. might be inclined to assist the aggressor’s targeted victim, it will be less inclined than in the past, and the U.S. military will be less capable of opposing the planned aggression in any event. It is likely that China already has done this in stepping up its territorial claims, and its use of force to support those claims, in the South China Sea. It also is likely that the Islamists known as ISIS have been influenced by this evaluation in their bloody conquests of portions of Iraq and Syria and in declaring the existence of a caliphate in the conquered territory.

For a U.S. friend or ally to which the U.S. has a security commitment, the end of U.S. military dominance raises questions about whether the U.S. can, or will, make good on its commitment. Friends and allies that until recently depended on the support of the U.S. military to help protect them from threats are starting to realize that relying on U.S. protection may no longer be warranted. They are beginning to consider alternative means of addressing threats to their security. Recent policy steps of Japan, South Korea, and Germany are possible manifestations of this.

Secretary Hagel and the four chiefs of staff have acknowledged the diminution of U.S. military dominance. But U.S. officials mostly have been reluctant to acknowledge the consequences of that decline for protecting U.S. interests in specific circumstances.

One instance of an official’s candor about how our diminished military capabilities adversely affect policy occurred when Katrina McFarland, assistant secretary of defense for acquisition, said on March 4, 2014 — in the course of speaking at an Aviation Week conference — that due to cuts to the defense budget, the Pentagon’s plans to pivot to Asia “can’t happen.” She subsequently “clarified” her comments. The clarification was that the pivot is still happening but that budget constraints require us to “adapt, innovate, and make difficult (budgetary and acquisition) decisions to ensure that our military remains ready and capable.”

The Obama administration and some congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle are in denial about the fact that the end of military dominance means that our ability to pursue particular policies and actions has diminished. Some current U.S. policies are based on the expectation that our military can and will perform operations at which it has excelled in the past, even though we are no longer equipping and training it to do so. Claims that the U.S. will do “more with less” are preposterous. It is dangerous to pretend that we still have policies or can take actions requiring military resources that we provided in years past but don’t provide today.

What to do about the dramatically changed security situation we confront is something on which we should focus — with urgency. The U.S. is at a fork in the security road. We’ve come to this point by budgeting for defense on the basis of “what we can afford” and pretending that our ability to meet acknowledged threats has not changed. We must choose the path we want to take. Then we should equip our military to protect us as we proceed down that path.

Should we decide that the end “of American dominance on the seas, in the skies, and in space” may be acceptable, we must acknowledge that it necessarily means the U.S. will no longer be the global leader for security. Would that be in U.S. interests? Would the financial savings warrant it?

The end of U.S. global leadership for security raises a host of questions that are difficult to translate into dollars: What would it mean for U.S. security, for U.S. economic interests, and for the security interests of our friends and allies? What would a world without U.S. leadership look like? What country would take our place? What threats to U.S. interests would be presented by China’s increased use of force in Asia, Russia’s use of force in Eurasia, and Islamist terrorist operations in the Middle East and elsewhere? Would regional actors effectively address such threats for themselves and us? For what threats to U.S. security and to the security of allies would we have to prepare our own military? What would the U.S. military need in order to prepare itself to play its prescribed role in eliminating or reducing those threats?

We must stop pretending we are who we were, and instead decide who we want to be. At present we are fooling no one but ourselves. It is a perilous self-deception.

— Jack David, a senior fellow of the Hudson Institute, served as deputy assistant secretary of defense for combating weapons of mass destruction and negotiations policy from 2004 to 2006.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
593464,"Just a few short days ago, the Virginia state senate was run by Republicans, 21 to 19. Then, something remarkable happened. Hoping to spearhead a sweeping set of political and economic reforms, the state’s Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, issued a heartfelt plea to the electorate. Standing at a “make or a break moment for his progressive agenda,” McAuliffe conceded that he saw only one way of ensuring himself a “legislative legacy”: the ushering in of a Democratic majority. Only then, he explained, would he be able to work with much-beloved figures such as Michael Bloomberg and President Barack Obama to advance gun control, the expansion of Obamacare, and other popular policies. And should he fail? Well, then these proposals would be stopped in their tracks and the governor would be relegated to a mostly ceremonial role for the remainder of his tenure.

Yesterday evening, in a stunning testament to the potency and popularity of McAuliffe’s pitch, the makeup of the Senate . . . stayed exactly the same as it was before.

McAuliffe’s failure will come as a particular blow to the former mayor of New York, Michael Bloomberg, whose talent and enthusiasm for wasting vast sums of money in pursuit of the impossible remains second to none in scope. Aiming to demonstrate that the restriction of the Second Amendment can be a winning issue for the Left, Bloomberg dropped a cool $$2.2 million into the race, the vast majority of which was spent to air a television commercial in which it was argued in earnest that those who are saddened by the cruelty of the deranged and the criminal are obliged to agree to the diminishment of their rights. Rather unsurprisingly, this ploy failed, despite its progenitors’ considerable financial advantage. Overall, Bloomberg’s groups spent more than $$2 million trying to flip the two senate seats that seemed potentially competitive. The NRA — commonly presumed to represent a financial force — spent just 5 percent of that total. The white whale continues to elude.

RELATED: Obamacare Is Dead: It Doesn’t Work Because It Couldn’t Work

Medicaid expansion proved no more seductive. By now, Democrats had expected their all-out push for health-care reform to be yielding positive electoral dividends. Instead, it has continued to be a serious drag on the party’s fortunes. In Kentucky, the Republican candidate for governor won by a blowout margin — in part as a result of dissatisfaction with the changes that a more fully implemented Obamacare hath wrought. At the beginning of Election Day, outgoing Democratic governor Steve Beshear had predicted that his party would be so obviously helped by the reforms that any opposition to them would “pound the Republicans into dust”; by midnight, he was feasting on crow. In Virginia, voters wisely declined to make the same mistake that Kentucky has. Short of a stunning turnabout, this refusal will obtain until at least 2017, at which point the law may well have been changed beyond recognition. As president, Obama will never see his signature achievement extended fully into his back yard.

If Virginia was indeed a “referendum” on the Democratic party’s priorities — designed in no small part to test the water ahead of next year’s presidential fight — it should have given progressives pause. It is one thing for a Clinton-friendly Democrat to beat a seriously compromised candidate such as Ken Cuccinelli, as McAuliffe did in 2012; but it is quite another for him to secure support for a broad-based leftward agenda.

RELATED: From Houston, Signs of How the Democratic Party Is Bound to Fracture

Virginia is now a “purple state,” and the Democratic party has a good shot of winning it next year, especially if turnout is high. But there is no reason to believe that gun control and Obamacare will be magically more popular when peddled by Hillary Clinton than they are when offered by Terry McAuliffe, particularly if Republicans nominate an attractive candidate of their own. As Ed Morrissey notes today on Hot Air, the combination of yesterday’s result and the near-upset in the 2014 Senate race have left many wondering whether Virginia is trending quite as blue as had previously been thought. “Governor McAuliffe threw everything he had into this,” Larry Sabato observed, “but came up short.”

Indeed he did, and not on the back of an issue-free or vapid fight, but after having tied a set of bright colors to his mast and sallied forth with gusto and panache. As I write, his good friend Hillary Clinton continues to play a similar game. She hopes, she explains without apology, to make gun control a “voting issue”; she intends, she promises, to “protect” Obamacare; she is, she concedes, not a “moderate” but a “progressive.” One wonders which side of the coin she saw last night, and where she will go from here.

— Charles C. W. Cooke is a staff writer for National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
434456,"NR at 60: The Musical

By Jack Fowler — November 20, 2015

Enjoy this wonderful commemorative video courtesy of our sister organization, the National Review Institute:",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
667691,"Banning Squirt-Gun Fights Should Earn the Boy Scouts a Nanny-State Merit Badge

By James Lileks — May 21, 2015

I was only a Cub Scout. I’m not sure I made it past Webelos, which was a Scout in larval form. You had the uniform and the kerchief and a thick manual with a strange cover made of some pseudo-leather that could not rip and that repelled water. It contained lessons about knots and citizenship. If you studied everything you could guide old ladies across the street, then help them make a fire with sticks and stones while identifying bird tracks. Old ladies loved that sort of thing.

As fun as it must have been, the only thing I remember is gluing macaroni letters to a piece of wood to make a plaque for Mom. Whatever homily we made was due to lose a few letters on the way back from the Den, so it’s possible I presented Mom with something that said “ome Is here the Hear Is.” You’d think that attaching pasta pieces to wood to spell out anodyne maxims isn’t real Scout work, but hey: You could razor off those letters, boil them up, and make a small meal if you were lost in the woods. At the very least, it would hold you over while signaling planes overhead using the foil from a cigarette pack to reflect light! Also, don’t smoke. Also, don’t litter. Also, Don’​t Get Lost. Scouts don’t lose their way.

Large organizations do, though. Here’s CBS News:

A summer rite of passage in the dog days of summer won’t be available to Boy Scouts at their camps or other activities because the group recently announced a ban on the use of water guns for anything other than target practice and a limit on water balloons. “Water guns and rubber band guns must only be used to shoot at targets, and eye protection must be worn,” reads page 99 of the 2015 Boy Scout handbook .

This is a marked break from my youth, when the Fourth of July meant you might possibly get a bottle rocket in the face and end up with an eye patch, which would be awesome. “Eye protection” in those days meant your hands over your face.

The new rule for water balloons dictates their size and origin — no more puffed up balls of latex for traditional water balloon fights. “For water balloons, use small, biodegradable balloons, and fill them no larger than a ping pong ball,” page 100 of the handbook adds.

Demerits if they’re not biodegradable, one assumes. The Scout will be forced to stand on parade in the hot sun while the troop leader rips off his Sustainability merit badge as the other Scouts turn their back on him. Why this new rule? As CBS reported, it was “explained by Bryan Wendell, an Eagle Scout, who is senior editor of ‘Boys’ Life,’ ‘Scouting’ and ‘Eagles’ Call’ magazines.”

A Scouter once told me this explanation I liked quite a bit: “A Scout is kind. What part of pointing a firearm [simulated or otherwise] at someone is kind?”

There you go. I suppose that rules out paintball games, unless they define the term to mean daubing small round things with nail polish and hanging them on strings to make mobiles. Brighten up your campsite with some kinetic art! And I suppose it rules out a future career in the military, since a large part of raining hellfire down upon gibbering rapey head-choppers could be considered unkind.

Obviously this rule change is not about being wet. You can still throw small water balloons at fellow Scouts, assuming you don’t fill them up with high-pressure squirt guns — the sight of a purple plastic simulated firearm could be traumatic and trigger memories of your older brother dousing you with the hose. If this is the case, proceed to a Safe Space Tent, where your counselor will give you a cup of sun-brewed tea and apply a calming poultice of camomile.

No, it’s about being nice. By the way, apropos of nothing, how many men set policy for the Girl Scouts? Just curious. Back to the story:

Fully in support of the rules is the Michigan Crossroads Council of Boy Scouts of America, which serves more than 68,000 youth statewide. “Our mission is to prepare young people for life and part of that duty is to ensure our youth become civically-minded adults,” said Michigan Crossroads Marketing and Communications director Kerrie Mitchell. “Pointing a simulated firearm at another individual is not aligned with our Scout Oath nor Scout Law.” She added: “We can understand some may feel this ban is extreme but preparing young people for life starts in a child’s most impressionable years. We are committed to our mission here statewide, locally, and nationally.”

Oh, the yards of twaddle these people can roll out. Well, insert boilerplate moaning about the feminization of male institutions, here. Insert rote moaning about the wussified youth who cannot distinguish between what’s real and what’s simulated, here. Add some hyperventilating huff-and-puff about another institution co-opted by flutter-hand worrywarts who think that letting kids play with squirt guns breeds sociopathy, here. All this might be sad if it were new, but instead it’s sad because it’s not.

In my impressionable years, my cousin shot me in the butt with a BB gun, and he’d pumped that thing up so much he could fire a feather through a battleship. This prepared me for life in very important ways: I learned not to turn my back on my cousin when he was toting the Daisy, for one thing, but it also reminded me of my father’s lessons never to point those things at people. Ever. Nevertheless, I pointed cap guns at peers — even though it was more fun to just unfurl the ammunition rolls and hit them with a hammer — and I had great summer fun with the cheap water pistols you got at the Ben Franklin store. The ones where the cap that sealed the barrel always fell out and leaked water in your shorts, so you looked incontinent. It was fun. It was summer.

It wasn’t a matter of being a kind person. It was a matter of being a kid person.

— James Lileks is a columnist for National Review Online.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
901416,"Gallia est omnis divisa in partes tres. — Caesar

It took political Washington a good six months to catch up to the fact that something significant was happening in Iraq’s Anbar province, where the former-insurgent Sunni tribes switched sides and joined the fight against al Qaeda. Not surprisingly, Washington has not yet caught up to the next reality: Iraq is being partitioned — and, like everything else in Iraq today, it is happening from the ground up.

1. The Sunni provinces. The essence of our deal with the Anbar tribes and those in Diyala, Salahuddin and elsewhere is this: You end the insurgency and drive out al-Qaeda and we assist you in arming and policing yourselves. We’d like you to have an official relationship with the Maliki government, but we’re not waiting on Baghdad.

2. The Shiite south. This week the British pulled out of Basra, retired to their air base and essentially left the southern Shiites to their own devices — meaning domination by the Shiite militias now fighting each other for control.

3. The Kurdish north. Kurdistan has been independent in all but name for a decade and a half.

Baghdad and its immediate surroundings have not yet been defined. Despite some ethnic cleansing, the capital’s future is uncertain. It is predominantly Shiite, but with a checkerboard of Sunni neighborhoods. The U.S. troop surge is attempting to stabilize the city with, again, local autonomy and policing.

This radically decentralized rule is partition in embryo. It is by no means final. But the outlines are there.

The critics at home, echoing the Shiite sectarians in Baghdad, complain that an essential part of this strategy — the “20 percent solution” that allows former-insurgent Sunnis to organize and arm themselves — is just setting Iraq up for a greater civil war. But this assumes that a Shiite government in Baghdad would march its army into the vast Anbar province where there are no Shiites and no oil. For what? It seems far more likely that a well-armed and self-governing Anbar would create a balance of power that would encourage hands-off relations with the central government in Baghdad.

As partition proceeds, the central government will necessarily be very weak. Its reach may not extend far beyond Baghdad itself, becoming a kind of de facto fourth region with a mixed Sunni-Shiite population.

Nonetheless, we need some central government. The Iraqi state may be a shell but it is a necessary one because de jure partition into separate states would invite military intervention by the neighbors — Turkey, Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Syria.

A weak, partitioned Iraq is not the best outcome. We had hoped for much more. Our original objective was a democratic and unified post-Saddam Iraq. But it has turned out to be a bridge too far. We tried to give the Iraqis a republic, but their leaders turned out to be, tragically, too driven by sectarian sentiment, by an absence of national identity and by the habits of suspicion and maneuver cultivated during decades in the underground of Saddam’s totalitarian state.

All this was exacerbated by post-invasion U.S. strategic errors (most importantly, eschewing a heavy footprint, not forcibly suppressing the early looting, and letting Moqtada al-Sadr escape with his life in August 2004) and by al-Qaeda’s barbarous bombing campaign designed explicitly to kindle sectarian strife.

Whatever the reasons, we now have to look for the second-best outcome. A democratic unified Iraq might someday emerge. Perhaps today’s ground-up reconciliation in the provinces will translate into tomorrow’s ground-up national reconciliation. Possible, but highly doubtful. What is far more certain is what we are getting now: ground-up partition.

Joe Biden, Peter Galbraith, Leslie Gelb, and many other thoughtful scholars and politicians have long been calling for partition. The problem is how to make it happen. Top-down partition by some new constitutional arrangement ratified on parchment is swell, but how does that get enforced any more than the other constitutional dreams that were supposed to have come about in Iraq?

What’s happening today on the ground is not geographical line-drawing, colonial style. We do not have a Mr. Sykes and a Mr. Picot sitting down to a map of Mesopotamia in a World War I carving exercise. The lines today are being drawn organically by self-identified communities and tribes. Which makes the new arrangement more likely to last.

This is not the best outcome, but it is far better than the savage and dangerous dictatorship we overthrew. And infinitely better than what will follow if we give up in mid-surge and withdraw — and allow the partitioning of Iraq to dissolve into chaos.

© 2007, The Washington Post Writers Group",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
567092,"Axelrod: ‘There’s Been No Inconsistency’ on Libya

By Nathaniel Botwinick — October 21, 2012

David Axelrod claimed on Meet the Press this morning that the administration has been consistent in its reports on the attack in Benghazi. In this new narrative from the White House, any mention of a certain video causing riots has been excised; it has always been a terrorist attack.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
145776,"Consider the Moose

In politics as with animal attacks, we fear the fantastic while the mundane threatens.

By Kevin D. Williamson — September 9, 2014

Next summer will mark the fortieth anniversary of the release of the film Jaws, a truly terrifying piece of cinema, the theme music from which pops into my head, if only briefly, every time I set foot in the ocean. The film is famous for its visual inventiveness and for the late Roy Scheider’s performance, improvising what turned out to be the film’s most memorable line: “You’re gonna need a bigger boat.”

In the real world, shark attacks in American waters are vanishingly rare, averaging fewer than one fatality per year out of a nation of 300 million and a great deal of coastline. But there still is something uniquely terrifying about sharks — they attack from our blind spot, and they are physiologically and socially alien to us. There is no common point of reference with a shark, and so we dread them, even though we rarely encounter them. The wolf, a staple of our fairy tales and films such as The Grey, is another creature that haunts our imagination, though North American wolf attacks are so incredibly rare that wolf scholars work with individual episodes rather than aggregate statistics. Domestic dogs, on the other hand, kill dozens of people each year. “What if there’s bears?” may be the stuff of nightmares, but you are in fact more likely to be attacked by a moose.

But who has nightmares about Bullwinkle?

In June 2012, the academic journal Wilderness and Environmental Medicine published a survey titled “Fatalities from Venomous and Nonvenomous Animals in the United States (1999–2007),” and the results are about what you’d expect if you’re relying on your neocortex rather than your limbic system. The most common way for an animal to kill you is for it to be in the way while you’re speeding down the highway in your Prius, and that animal is most likely to be a cow or a horse. Crocodiles and alligators killed nine people during the years studied; wasps, hornets, and bees killed 509.

Sharks get John Williams’s terrifying two-note Jaws theme. But the real killers get Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov’s whimsical chromatic workout: “Flight of the Bumblebee.”

“Little Red Riding Hood” will always be with us.

But the rational man fears the moose.

It may be the case that we invent exotic and unlikely monsters to fear as a way of keeping our minds off of that which we really should fear. You can do something about great white sharks: Don’t go in the water. But bees? I once came near to serious injury as the result of a bee sting, not because I’m allergic but because I was riding a motorcycle at the time and the damned thing flew into my vest. (In fairness, I ran into it more than it ran into me.) I was startled by the sting (I’d never been stung before) and jerked just a little, which, on a motorcycle, can be enough to get you hurt. That didn’t happen in this case, though I imagine that many passing motorists were wondering why the guy on the motorcycle was punching himself in the chest. Bee stings hurt, as it turns out.

We certainly invent things to worry about when it comes to politics. Some of my more enthusiastic correspondents on the right send me missives about President Obama’s secret plan to install himself as president-for-life and suspend the 2016 elections, while political obsessions originating on the left are a staple of popular culture: Waterworld, Bladerunner and other corporate dystopias, Godzilla. The enduring popularity of conspiracy theories is almost certainly rooted in our refusal to look squarely at the quotidian horrors of the 21st century: Islamic State beheadings and Ebola abroad, failing institutions and a corrosive culture at home. If things go well and truly wrong — and they always do, eventually — it won’t be the Illuminati or genetically modified crops that get us. But we’d rather worry about Godzilla’s atomic breath than about Iran’s atomic ayatollahs.

Heavy debt, dysfunctional families, unfunded and unfundable liabilities, economic stagnation, official corruption, lawless government, overrun borders, social cohesion strained to the breaking point . . .

We’re gonna need a bigger boat.

— Kevin D. Williamson is roving correspondent for National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720374,"Ramesh: With regard to the link you posted to an article critical of the Spending Limit Amendment, please allow me to offer this article in rebuttal.

Alan Reynolds, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute, and Benjamin Zycher, a senior fellow at the Pacific Research Institute, make the important point that “the Constitution is intended to constrain majorities generally, and the federal government in particular.” As Mike Pence and I pointed out at our news conference when we introduced the Spending Limit Amendment, it is important to the future of our country to have the debate about whether a federal government with the unlimited power to spend (and, I might add, to borrow and tax) is consistent with the Founders’ vision. We certainly don’t shrink from that effort simply because passing the SLA might be hard work.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
696998,"Chicagoan Voting System!

By Iain Murray — April 15, 2010

Yesterday, I shamelessly blegged people to vote for my son in a Parents magazine cutest kid contest. I’m not sure what community organizers are behind the voting system, but they’ve changed the page you need to go to to vote for George, and if you follow the link in yesterday’s post you’ll be voting for some kid named Brendan instead. To avoid this problem, click here to vote for George. It’ll change again tomorrow, assuming he makes it higher up the ladder.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
648964,"There was an honest, forthright case for ending the life of Terri Schiavo. It was that her life no longer had any value, for herself or others, and that ending it–the quicker the better–would spare everyone misery. We disagree with that view, holding it wiser to stick with the Judeo-Christian tradition on the sanctity of innocent life. But the people who made this case deserve some credit for straightforwardness.

But while the public may have agreed with the removal of Schiavo’s feeding and hydration tube, apparently there are limits to the public’s willingness to tolerate euthanasia–and apparently its defenders recognized these limits. So we saw euphemism after euphemism deployed to cloud the issues.

Perhaps chief among these was the fiction that we were “letting her die.” On March 18, Schiavo was in no medical danger of death. She was profoundly brain-damaged (although just how profoundly remains unknown), but she was not in a coma or on a respirator. She was not being kept alive by artificial means, any more than small children are kept alive by artificial means when their parents feed them. Her body was functioning, there is some reason to believe she was minimally conscious, and she was responsive to stimuli (it’s been reported she was actually being administered pain medication). She had devoted parents and siblings who were willing to care for her. She could easily have gone on in these conditions for many years. She was not close to dying. For death to arrive, she would have to be killed.

And for that to happen, the use of words like “starvation” and “dehydration” would have to be discouraged. Those words might, after all, have reminded us that what was done to Schiavo would be criminal if done to an animal and provoke cries of “torture” and “cruel and unusual punishment” if done to a convicted capital murderer. And “killed,” of course, was totally verboten. Schiavo was being “removed from life support,” not denied basic sustenance. The phrase “persistent vegetative state” had to be repeated constantly–never mind that basic tests were never performed to establish this diagnosis, and such diagnoses have a very high error rate–and treated as though it meant “brain death.”

We were told that her “choice to die” was being “honored,” although the evidence that she had, at age 26, given any considered thought to her own mortality and potential incapacity was thin and highly suspect–its lone source being a husband who incongruously proclaimed his solemn fidelity to this purported wish of Terri even as he started up a new family, denied Terri basic care, and insisted on denying her heartbroken parents their desire to care for their child.

The charade here was not performed to protect Terri Schiavo’s dignity but to increase the public’s comfort with the devaluation of life. So it was that Michael Schiavo’s lawyer, the euthanasia enthusiast George Felos, sketched for the media (which was naturally not permitted to observe Terri’s deteriorating condition) a rosy portrait of Terri’s extremis: radiantly beautiful, soothed by soft music and the comfort of a stuffed animal.

“Next time

it will be easier.

It always is.”

The scene, of course, was not set for her. By Felos’s account, she was just an insensate, post-human corpse, for whom such tender touches were irrelevant–the comforts that would have made a difference, food and water, having been mercilessly denied. This was theater for the American people.

Why not kill Mrs. Schiavo quickly and efficiently, by depriving her of air to breathe? In principle, that would have been no different from denying her the other basic necessities of life. Why not give her a lethal injection? The law would not have allowed those methods; but the reason nobody advocated them was that they would have been too obviously murder. So the court-ordered killing was carried out slowly, incrementally, over days and weeks, with soft music, stuffed animals, and euphonious slogans about choice and dignity and radiance. By the time it ended, no one really remembered how many days and hours it had gone on. The nation accepted it, national polls supported it, and we all moved on to other things.

Next time it will be easier. It always is. The tolerance of early-term abortion made it possible to tolerate partial-birth abortion, and to give advanced thinkers a hearing when they advocate outright infanticide. Letting the courts decide such life-and-death issues made it possible for us to let them decide others, made it seem somehow wrong for anyone to stand in their way. Now they are helping to snuff out the minimally conscious. Who’s next?

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
684788,"Also, the GOP Will Always Need People Like Harry Reid

By Daniel Foster — October 19, 2011

Via The Atlantic:

“It’s very clear that private sector jobs have been doing just fine, it’s the public sector jobs where we’ve lost huge numbers, and that’s what this legislation is all about.” –Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, pressing a jobs bill for teachers and first responders.

It’s true that the private sector, which shed jobs more quickly than the public sector early in the recession, has been slowly but steadily adding jobs while the public sector is finally starting to “catch up” to reality and trim fat. A couple of charts on public versus private unemployment and employer costs through February of last year:

The public sector was for two years shielded for the worst of the recession by policy — stimulus that overwhelmingly helped government employees. But it was always going to be the case that once these federal cash infusions stopped, state and local governments were going to need to face economic reality.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
27006,"The really good news from April’s employment report is that all the pessimistic, end-of-the-world, spring-swoon forecasters were wrong. It wasn’t a fabulous report. But it handily beat Wall Street expectations. Stock markets soared on the news.

The bad news, however, is that the U.S. continues to fall further behind its own long-term trends for jobs and economic growth. And lately, hours worked — a key labor measure — have begun to fall.

Read my full column here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
713295,"This afternoon, the United States District Court For The Northern District Of Illinois struck down Chicago’s egregious ban on gun sales. The summary from the case:

The ban covers federally licensed firearms dealers; even validly licensed dealers cannot sell firearms in Chicago. The ban covers gifts amongst family members; only through inheritance can someone transfer a firearm to a family member. Chicago does all this in the name of reducing gun violence. That is one of the fundamental duties of government: to protect its citizens. The stark reality facing the City each year is thousands of shooting victims and hundreds of murders committed with a gun. But on the other side of this case is another feature of government: certain fundamental rights are protected by the Constitution, put outside government’s reach, including the right to keep and bear arms for self-defense under the Second Amendment. This right must also include the right to acquire a firearm,although that acquisition right is far from absolute: there are many long-standing restrictions on who may acquire firearms (for examples, felons and the mentally ill have long been banned) and there are many restrictions on the sales of arms (for example, licensing requirements for commercial sales). But Chicago’s ordinance goes too far in outright banning legal buyers and legal dealers from engaging in lawful acquisitions and lawful sales of firearms, and at the same time the evidence does not support that the complete ban sufficiently furthers the purposes that the ordinance tries to serve. For the specific reasons explained later in this opinion, the ordinances are declared unconstitutional.

Some context. The Supreme Court’s 2008 D.C. v Heller decision recognized that the Second Amendment protected an individual right. As such, it struck down Washington D.C.’s rules requiring rifles and shotguns be kept unloaded and disassembled, and also invalidated the city’s ban on the ownership of any handguns that hadn’t been registered before 1975. McDonald v Chicago, decided by the court two years later, expanded this ruling to the states, effectively incorporating the Second Amendment – at least in part — and applying the same rules to Chicago (and the whole of Illinois, naturally) as to Washington D.C. McDonald thus made it clear that the Second Amendment did not just apply to federal law and to federal enclaves, but equally to the states. It also established that blanket bans on the ownership of handguns were illegal nationally.

Today’s case, which was issued by a district court and not the Supreme Court, takes this idea a little further, building on 2011’s Ezell v. Chicago, in which a blanket ban on firing ranges was deemed illegal. As in Ezell, the court argued today that there can be no meaningful right to keep and bear arms if one is unable to buy and to use them: for law-abiding citizens to enjoy it, the court decided, the right ”must also include the right to acquire a firearm.” (Italics mine.)

Ezell’s basic standard was that if activity is inextricable from the basic purpose of the Second Amendment (and activities such as practicing shooting, buying a gun, etc. are), then the court must apply to it what has been termed “almost-strict-scrutiny.” That is, it must take into account that ”a severe burden on the core Second Amendment right of armed self-defense [requires] an extremely strong public-interest justification and a close fit between the government’s means and its end.” In Illinois today, the court found that the government’s action did not meet this test, arguing that:

the City has not demonstrated that allowing gun sales and transfers within city limits creates such genuine and serious risks to public safety that flatly prohibiting them is justified. If the City is concerned about reducing criminal access to firearms, either through legitimate retail transactions or via thefts from gun stores, it may enact more appropriately tailored measures. Indeed, nothing in this opinion prevents the City from considering other regulations—short of the complete ban—on sales and transfers of firearms to minimize the access of criminals to firearms and to track the ownership of firearms. But the flat ban on legitimate sales and transfers does not fit closely with those goals. MCC § 8-20-100 and its zoning ordinance (to the extent that it bans the operation of gun stores in Chicago) are therefore unconstitutional.

Illinois hasn’t done very well in recent years. Chicago lost in the McDonald case, it lost in the Ezell case, and it lost today. Illinois, meanwhile, was forced to institute a concealed-carry regime last year. Long may it continue.

You can read the whole decision here.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
418971,"To the American public, this is Benjamin Netanyahu’s moment. As an advocate of Israeli resolve and Israel’s moral authority, that tiny nation’s prime minister is a one-man tour de force, speaking with clarity, directness, and authenticity.

Twice in the last week, in random conversations that touched briefly on news of the day — which of course included the fighting in Gaza — different women (both of Social Security age, one Protestant, one Catholic) volunteered to me without prompting that they think Netanyahu is, well, wonderful. Each had seen him interviewed on American TV (on different American networks); each said she was struck by the moral weight of his message, by his businesslike firmness without extravagance, and by what each described as his authenticity.

Those two ladies aren’t alone. While others may not praise Netanyahu quite so exuberantly, the basic tenor of American reactions to his name, everywhere I go, is the same: “I really wish we had a leader like that.”

Benjamin “Bibi” Netanyahu has plenty of critics, both in his own country and among some hardliners and some doves in American Jewry, and he has been no paragon of virtue in his private life. But there is no doubt that the man is a superb communicator, a canny politician and diplomat, and a remarkably tough, persistent, able leader.

More than 40 years ago, in his early 20s, he was a young war hero; 38 years ago, he was the bereaved brother of perhaps the most celebrated military hero in Israeli history; 30 years ago, he became one of the most recognizable Israelis in the United States through regular news appearances while serving as Israel’s ambassador to the United Nations. In Israeli politics, Netanyahu has seen more ups and downs, more ins and outs of power, more setbacks and more recoveries, than a novelist would dare invent. By age 50 he was a defeated former prime minister. Now, at just shy of 65, he is one of only two three-term PMs in his nation’s history.

It is undeniable: There is something appealing, something galvanizing, about him. And, apparently, it always was thus.

His brother Yonatan, the squad leader martyred in the famously successful rescue at Entebbe in 1976, wrote this of his younger sibling in a letter to Yonatan’s girlfriend on Oct. 4, 1964:

Today I received a letter from Bibi [who was then not quite 15]. It was quite unexpected, and you don’t know how happy I was to receive it. I think I love him more than anyone else in the world. . . . When Bibi writes about home, our parents and Iddo [the third brother], I believe him. I feel as though I had actually been there and seen everything that was going on and had reported it to myself.

What was true about how he wrote is still true about the way he speaks: with such immediacy, such concreteness, that no room exists for doubt. When Netanyahu describes Hamas’s use of schools as garrisons, children as human shields, and terror as both means and end in itself, the listener does indeed believe him. When he explains the lengths to which Israel goes to try to avoid civilian casualties, it rings true. When he describes the stakes for Israel, the existential threats it faces, his words and tone are so clear, so concise, so direct, that they cannot be doubted or ignored.

And as the oldest Netanyahu brother was right in seeing unusual communicative ability in his little brother, so did the younger learn lessons from Yonatan. Writing an afterword to Self-Portrait of a Hero: The Letters of Jonathan Netanyahu, Bibi and Iddo back in 1980 quoted a 1973 letter from their martyred sibling. Even if America lost in Vietnam (as by then was clearly probable), Yoni wrote, the loss “would not prevent the Americans from moving on with a loud fanfare of victory to the Middle East to make peace here. . . . I believe that it will be very hard to force upon us peace terms that are repugnant to us, and I hope the Americans will have enough sense not to try to do so.” To which insight, the two younger brothers commented: “He saw the efforts of the United States to force his country time and again to concede vital assets and positions as part of an ongoing process, with no sign or let up; and he bemoaned the failure on the part of Israel to mobilize the forces inside and outside the United States needed to effectuate a decisive change in American policy toward Israel and the Middle East.”

How prescient that was! What a perfect description of the approaches of American presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, and before them (to some extent) George H. W. Bush. But for the past 30 years, Benjamin Netanyahu has used all his communicative skill to turn that American policy tide, all while leading Israel to refuse peace terms repugnant to them and dangerous for their very existence.

And while much of the media and the intelligentsia, and even benighted “mainline” Protestant churches, in the United States repeatedly show a bias against Israel, polls consistently show that a majority of the American public sympathizes with and supports the Zionist state. Surely, Netanyahu’s 30 years of work, and openness to American interviews, has helped broaden and deepen that support.

But here’s the thing many Americans sense; here is at least one secret to Netanyahu’s success with American viewers: What we sense is that Netanyahu loves America, too. He spent much of his childhood and young adulthood here, including his high-school and college years. He enjoys deep friendships over here. He is resolutely “Western” in outlook, repeatedly appealing to the Western world’s traditions of liberty, individual initiative, free markets, and human rights. The reason he “talks our language,” not just literally but in the best sense of the word “figuratively,” is that his outlook is fully imbued with the republican (small “r”) values he learned in his years sojourning here.

So many Americans believe Netanyahu because they recognize in him a kindred spirit. And through him, they recognize the Israeli people as kindred also.

We are right to do so. And it is good.

— Quin Hillyer is a contributing editor for National Review. Follow him on Twitter: @QuinHillyer.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
716786,"Now there’s no way Never Trump can spin last night’s results as anything but a disaster. Sure, everyone knew Trump was going to win everywhere. But he exceeded what were already very extreme expectations. I’m told he won every county in every state. It’s an understatement that he has the momentum.

The Republican elected officials and public intellectuals who oppose him have less and less influence. Lots of policy wonks love Cruz because his views are so smart and consistent. They really are. But his strategy of putting the Reagan coalition back together by being the most consistently conservative candidate has failed.

Ted Cruz, you’re no Ronald Reagan.

Not only that, you have failed to even put the Never Trump coalition together.

Having said that, it remains conceivable that Cruz could be nominated. He will have to win Indiana, of course. I wouldn’t bet on that this morning. I wouldn’t bet against it either. Still, if Cruz does win, I imagine it won’t be by much. Trump’s base of support, to say the least, isn’t contracting. Making Indiana a game-changer will be a very hard sell.

Assuming he wins Indiana, Cruz has to convince the country that it’s all or nothing on California. And, of course, actually win California decisively.

The nomination of Trump would prove that there’s no Republican party apart from the platform of the national convention and the views of its candidate. But Trump won’t actually control — or even be liked by – most the delegates at the convention. How’s that going to work out? The platform and the candidate may well be on really different pages, for one thing. At that point, who or what is the Republican party?

The nomination of Cruz, absent a decisive California victory, will seem really illegitimate to the MSM and the Trump voters. I’ve had days when I thought Cruz was so astute and determined that he could accomplish anything. But putting the Republicans back together under those circumstances?

At this point we can say Cruz isn’t an “armed prophet” after all. I’m mean, who is? So it’s become more about hoping he gets really lucky.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
597324,"I had a lot of success projecting the Senate races in 2014 by looking at the likelihood that the overall environment – low Obama approval ratings, high GOP scores on the generic ballot – would lead undecided voters to break Republican at the end (or stay home if they were leaning the other way). It’s harder to do that this year with the influence of the Trump-Hillary race on turnout, and down the stretch we have strong approval ratings for Obama (who recovered abruptly in the polls the instant Trump started winning primaries in February, after low approval ratings from early 2013 through January 2016), but recovering GOP status in the generic ballot at the end- a decidedly mixed message. Still, let’s take a quick look before the polls close at the Senate races, using the RCP polling averages:

What jumps out here is that, despite the absence of major third-party candidates in most of these races, there are a lot of what appear to be undecided voters all the way to the end – double figures in seven races, including the hotly contested Pennsylvania and Indiana races (due to state law restrictions on robopolls, Indiana polling tends to be sparse and unreliable). Presidential turnout and the last minute decisions of voters will have a big footprint in those races.

But if the polls are on target – a question all its own – we see that Marco Rubio, Richard Burr and Kelly Ayotte would each need to win less than 40% of the undecideds to win, whereas Joe Heck and Ron Johnson are in the deep-trouble zone where they’d need over 60%. My gut instinct is that the Heck race will be heartbreakingly close, maybe even a recount, but that he’ll end up losing it. I hate to see Pat Toomey go down, and Election Day turnout could surprise us, but the Democrats just have a better ground organization, traditionally, in Pennsylvania, so his prospects are perilous.

If the RCP averages hold, the GOP keeps the Senate 51-49. I think the end results will come close to that, but that we’ll get an upset of either Burr or Roy Blunt, and end up 50-50, with Tim Kaine having to break ties to run the Senate.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
137316,"Contradicting the much-vaunted New York Times report that claimed al-Qaeda had no role in the 2012 attack on the American diplomatic facility in Benghazi, Libya, the Senate report released Wednesday affirms that individuals affiliated with al-Qaeda did, in fact, participate in the attack, McClatchy’s points out.

The Senate report found that while the attack was “not a highly coordinated plot,” it was still probably planned hours beforehand and that “individuals affiliated with terrorist groups, including AQIM [al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb], Ansar al Sharia, AQAP [al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula], and the Mohammed Jamal Network [also linked to al-Qaeda], participated in the Sept. 11, 2012 attack.”

The New York Times has not amended its Benghazi report.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
605576,"One of the most important rules for a strategist is not to be put on the defensive. David Ben-Gurion, Israel’s first prime minister, developed this concept into a doctrine of forward defense that brilliantly served his state in its early years.

Eventually, however, Israel’s enemies realized that they could not win a conventional war. Instead of launching planes, tanks, and ships at the Jewish state, they turned to other means — weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, and (most recently) political delegitimization. Delegitimization turns the rules of war upside down: in particular, strength is weakness and public opinion has supreme importance.

Israel’s command structure, having mastered the old ways of war (the ones that lasted to 1973), has shown utter strategic incompetence at the new ways of war (in place since 1982). The new rules require an agile sense of public relations, which means that a powerful state never physically harms, even inadvertently, its rag-tag political adversaries.

Rachel Corrie has been an albatross around Israel’s neck since 2003; today’s dead on the seas off Gaza will prove an even worse source of anti-Zionism. Thus did the “armada of hate and violence” achieve its purpose. Thus did the Israelis fall into a trap.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
901799,"The Democrats are in a panic. In a presidential race that is impossible to lose, they are behind. Obama devotees are frantically giving advice. Tom Friedman tells him to “start slamming down some phones.” Camille Paglia suggests, “be boring!”

Meanwhile, a posse of Democratic lawyers, mainstream reporters, lefty bloggers, and various other Obamaphiles are scouring the vast tundra of Alaska for something, anything, to bring down Sarah Palin: her daughter’s pregnancy, her ex-brother-in-law problem, her $$60 per diem, and now her religion. (CNN reports — news flash! — that she apparently has never spoken in tongues.) Not since Henry II asked if no one would rid him of his turbulent priest, have so many so urgently volunteered for duty.

But Palin is not just a problem for Obama. She is also a symptom of what ails him. Before Palin, Obama was the ultimate celebrity candidate. For no presidential nominee in living memory had the gap between adulation and achievement been so great. Which is why McCain’s Paris Hilton ads struck such a nerve. Obama’s meteoric rise was based not on issues — there was not a dime’s worth of difference between him and Hillary on issues — but on narrative, on eloquence, on charisma.

The unease at the Denver convention, the feeling of buyer’s remorse, was the Democrats’ realization that the arc of Obama’s celebrity had peaked — and had now entered a period of its steepest decline. That Palin could so instantly steal the celebrity spotlight is a reflection of that decline.

It was inevitable. Obama had managed to stay aloft for four full years. But no one can levitate forever.

Five speeches map Obama’s trajectory.

Obama burst into celebrityhood with his brilliant and moving 2004 Democratic convention speech (#1). It turned an obscure state senator into a national figure and legitimate presidential candidate.

His next and highest moment (#2) was the night of his Iowa caucus victory when he gave an equally stirring speech of the highest tones that dazzled a national audience just tuning in.

The problem is that Obama began believing in his own magical powers — the chants, the swoons, the “we are the ones” self-infatuation. Like Ronald Reagan, he was leading a movement, but one entirely driven by personality. Reagan’s revolution was rooted in concrete political ideas (supply-side economics, welfare-state deregulation, national strength) that transcended one man. For Obama’s movement, the man is the transcendence.

Which gave the Obama campaign a cult-like tinge. With every primary and every repetition of the high-flown, self-referential rhetoric, the campaign’s insubstantiality became clear. By the time it was repeated yet again on the night of the last primary (#3), the tropes were tired and flat. To top himself, Obama had to reach. Hence his triumphal declaration that history would note that night, his victory, his ascension, as “the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal.”

Clang. But Obama heard only the cheers of the invited crowd. Not yet seeing how the pseudo-messianism was wearing thin, he did Berlin (#4) and finally jumped the shark. That grandiloquent proclamation of universalist puffery popped the bubble. The grandiosity had become bizarre.

From there it was but a short step to Paris Hilton. Finally, the Obama people understood. Which is why the next data point (#5) is so different. Obama’s Denver acceptance speech was deliberately pedestrian, State-of-the-Unionish, programmatic, and only briefly (that lovely coda recalling the March on Washington) lyrical.

The problem, however, was that Obama had announced the Invesco Field setting for the speech during the pre-Berlin flush of hubris. They were stuck with the Greek columns, the circus atmosphere, the rock-star fireworks farewell — as opposed to the warmer, traditional, balloon-filled convention-hall hug-a-thon. The incongruity between text and context was apparent. Obama was trying to make himself ordinary — and serious — but could hardly remember how.

One star fades, another is born.

The very next morning, John McCain picks Sarah Palin and a new celebrity is launched. And in the celebrity game, novelty is trump. With her narrative, her persona, her charisma carrying the McCain campaign to places it has never been — and by all logic has no right to be – she’s pulling an Obama.

But her job is easier. She only has to remain airborne for seven more weeks. Obama maintained altitude for an astonishing four years. In politics, as in all games, however, it’s the finish that counts.

– Charles Krauthammer is a nationally syndicated columnist.

© 2008, The Washington Post Writers Group

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
717131,"Daddy Issues and Anger Management

By Peter Augustine Lawler — May 2, 2015

I’m not going to get involved in the exchange between our Carl and Rod Dreher. They are both among the most engaging, soul-searching, and properly provocative writers around. It could be that Carl needs a course in anger management, although he may be just a properly political blogger. He properly chastises Rod for not taking politics seriously enough, even if he might take it too seriously by exaggerating somewhat all the trends that point in the post-republican direction.

Someone — probably not me — might say that Carl is too republican (although not to the point of being purely pagan) and that Rod is not republican enough (he should be a bit more Stoic or pagan). Every Southerner who’s really a Southerner knows that we really would be screwed without our men and women who really love both God and country. Maybe that’s why Rod didn’t like American Sniper as much he should have as a portrayal of character and not as a commentary on our foreign policy.

From a more Catholic view, Chesterton says that both America and the Church are, in different ways, homes for the homeless. Surely we need them both. Admittedly, there’s work to be done to sustain the America that’s been such a good home for the Church. The Catholic Justice Kennedy who writes so memorably of the dignified relational autonomy to be accorded to every intimate personal relationship surely can be led to see the dignified relational autonomy that goes by the name “the free exercise of religion.” For now, he has some work to do in coming to understand religion as a form of relational belonging, as, so they say in the South, a “church home.” Surely every Catholic believes the Church is where we learn and experience the whole truth about our personal and relational dignity. The unique and irreplaceable dignity of every human creature is the gift of God–and so not accorded by government.

There’s something deeply Augustinian in Rod’s disappointment with his biological and ecclesiastical Dads; our personal longings really do point beyond our relationships with sinful persons to be wholly transparent before the God who sees and loves each of us just as he or she is. That means Rod did well to search for self-help in reading Dante, who has many Augustinian features.

Rod’s book on Dante is a model of personal engagement, and we need a lot more books like that, which show what the best books are for. It might be that there’s a lot more honesty or transparency in Rod’s writing than in, say, Allan Bloom’s. The point of the study of the deepest books couldn’t only be to get over our Daddies and curb our anger by becoming philosophers.

Carl and Rod do pose a question worthy of Walker Percy: What happens when going home (or returning to your “place”) doesn’t work out the way you imagined it would? Well, I was once on a nerdy TV show, that may or may not have actually aired, with Justice Scalia. The issue on the table was the coming of biotechnological memory control. The flip question to Scalia: Wouldn’t you want to be able to forget your painful memories of your first wife? Scalia responds: The problem, sir, is that I would end up marrying her again.

It’s not quite true that you can’t go home again. It’s just that, as Rod found out, you will remain too weird and alienated to get the self-help of being enveloped in what you have imagined (in your semi-forgetful selective nostalgia) to be the loving spirit of the place. And there’s a lot to be said for being screwed up and alienated. Percy said more or less that only “chuckleheads” these days aren’t. Enjoying the good things of life for what they are depends on having an ironic distance from the general looniness of our fairly clueless world, while somehow not expecting too much or too little from those you love (or yourself in relation to them).

Small towns and family farms are both better and worse than big cities, and we alienated and screwed-up types can’t help but long for a place where we could somehow enjoy the best of all worlds. Rod’s next step, apparently, is the “Benedict option” of immersing himself in the “alternative lifestyle” of a tight-knit religious community. Pardon me for thinking that our lovable Rod will still stand out as weird and alienated. Probably the monastic or quasi-monastic life ain’t for him. I’m not denying for a moment that the Benedict option might be the best one available for some people these days. It makes more sense than the agrarian option, after all.

Walker Percy’s solution (well, solution is too strong) was to move to Covington, La. — a very undistinguished place that wasn’t his place. When you move to any Southern small town as an adult, you’re stuck (in good and bad ways) with being an alien, especially if you’re a weirdly literary type who doesn’t even try to hold a real job (or go hunting or even watch football on TV).

How to live well in a real place that’s not your own place . . . Maybe that’s the self-help we need. And both Percy and Dante are, as they say, excellent resources at our disposal.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
656340,"One day after Scott Walker dropped out of the presidential race, the Politico headline read: “Walker’s campaign manager unloads.” The same day, the Washington Post had an article, “Inside the collapse of Scott Walker’s presidential bid,” that also drew heavily from Walker’s campaign manager, GOP consultant Rick Wiley. It’s almost as if Wiley had an agenda.

You’ll be shocked to discover that Wiley was preparing an “all-in Iowa plan” that would have slashed personnel, moved headquarters to Des Moines, and rejuvenated the campaign. But Walker and his wife said no. “Campaign sources said Tonette Walker, the Wisconsin first lady, had never warmed to Wiley,” Politico reports. Gee — I wonder who those “campaign sources” were. Did one call himself “Wick Riley”?

One reason Republicans hate political consultants is that so many of them seem to have absolutely no conception of loyalty or reticence or even self-awareness. Scott Walker is a talented governor who won three elections in a blue state. He deserves the respect of his employees, who were happy to spin best-case scenarios for him as long as the money was good. Now, though, Walker’s campaign manager is suddenly out of a job. So what does he do? Like a true Washingtonian, he absolves himself of responsibility for the collapse while explaining to the press — and to his future clients — that it was entirely the governor’s fault.

And if you stick with your candidate and ultimately he fails — well, shut up.

“I think people just look at it and say, ‘Wow! Yeah, you know, it’s like he’s a governor and he was in the recall and blah, blah, blah — he’s ready,” Wiley told Politico. “It’s just not like that. It is really, really difficult…I’m just saying, you know, like it’s a f—ing bitch, man. It really is.” Poor baby — who knew presidential campaigns were tough?

I’m not a consultant and I didn’t support Walker. But even I recognize that it’s incumbent on political professionals, who reap great sums of money for advising and crafting messages for candidates, to inform their employers of the rigors and requirements of the trail. To level with them when the situation is dire. To rehearse answers to questions they surely will be asked. And if the candidate is unreceptive to this advice, if he turns out not to be the man the consultant thought he was, if the whole affair is “really, really difficult,” then these professionals have an option: quit. Return the check. It’s not like there are no other candidates this cycle. Find someone you believe in. Work for him.

And if you stick with your candidate, and he continues to disappoint you, and ultimately he fails — well, shut up. Please, shut up. Fall on your sword. It’s the honorable thing. You don’t have to scurry to the coffee shop to call Dan Balz. You don’t have to unleash the furies of hell on Twitter, and say the candidate lost because he didn’t listen to you. Republicans have Bush. What they need is Bushido.

Using the Washington Post to re-litigate internal fights is unseemly. Using the Washington Post to blame the candidate? That’s disgusting. “We didn’t have a spending problem,” Wiley told the Post. “We had a revenue problem.” Got that? It’s not the highly paid consultant’s fault — it’s the candidate’s for not bringing in the donations. We wouldn’t want people to think otherwise: That would limit Wiley’s earnings potential!

This outpouring of back-stabbing vindictiveness and self-seeking puts me in mind of the 2008 McCain campaign , when strategists Steve Schmidt and Nicole Wallace leaked disparaging material about their vice-presidential candidate even before Election Day. The tell-all mentality became more pronounced as soon as Sarah Palin was back in Alaska. Schmidt and Wallace became popular with the liberal press because they went out of their way to belittle and criticize their boss’s choice of running mate behind his back. What courage. Schmidt’s prize was an appointment as a MSNBC contributor and a ticket to the premiere of Game Change . Wallace got to listen to Whoopi Goldberg for an hour five days a week — more punishment than reward if you ask me. She has since been fired

Yes, of course, using the media to bad mouth rivals and provide behind-the-scenes accounts is exactly “how the game is played.” But it is precisely this game that so disgusts the Republican base: Operatives who turn to media, social or otherwise, to settle scores and deflect criticism are the very face of Washington establishmentarianism, of the incest and cronyism, the duplicity and betrayal that the public opposes. You don’t have to make excuses. You don’t have to blame others. You don’t have to betray the confidence of your boss. And you certainly don’t have to do it before the body of the campaign is cold. The fact that so many consultants do all of these things nevertheless says something about the character of our political establishment: that it is inward looking, selfish, unaware, moronic.

What doomed Walker? Fundamentally he was a local politician, schooled in municipal and state issues, unprepared to address the full spectrum of controversies in a presidential election. He was not a dramatic speaker, Donald Trump caught him off guard, he spent too much too quickly, and his heart just doesn’t seem to have been in it. He doesn’t seem to have been able to choose loyal advisers — and you get what you pay for. In this sense alone we should listen to Rick Wiley: Politics is a f—ing bitch indeed.

— Matthew Continetti is the editor-in-chief of the Washington Free Beacon, where this column first appeared. © 2015 All rights reserved.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
207648,"The jobs report today was a good bit better than I expected, and significantly reduces fears that we are dropping into another steep economic decline. To be sure, it still looks a good deal worse than we should be seeing at this stage of the recovery, but if it were 100,000 jobs worse, we would be into the precipice. Sadly, backing away from the precipice is about as good as it gets right now.



– Kevin Hassett is director of economic-policy studies and senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
326939,"The U.S. immigrant population reached a record high of 42.4 million according to a new analysis of census data — and the growth rate of the foreign-born population is accelerating. A new Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) report shows the legal- and illegal-immigrant population grew by 2.4 million since 2010, with more than a million new arrivals in 2014.

The dramatic increases in immigration are evident in both absolute numbers of the foreign born and as a share of the U.S. population. “Immigrants (legal and illegal) comprised 13.3 percent or about one out of eight U.S. residents in 2014, the highest percentage in 104 years,” the report notes. And the growth in the immigrant population is accelerating rapidly, from an increase of a half million immigrants per year between 2010 and 2012 to over a million from 2013 to 2014.

The immigrant share of the population has more than doubled from what it was in 1980, when illegal and legal immigrants together made up just 6.2 percent of the country.

Additionally, when the 16.2 million U.S.-born children of immigrant parents are included, one in six U.S. residents is an immigrant or the child of an immigrant – a total of 58.6 million people in 2014.





The authors of the study, Steven A. Camarota and Karen Zeigler, used data from the Census Bureau’s 2014 American Community Survey (ACS) which, according to the report, “allows for a more detailed analysis [of the immigrant population] by country of origin and state of residence.” According to CIS, the survey is the largest conducted by the government each year and provides a more in-depth look at the composition of the American population than the Census Bureau’s Current Population Survey, which, though released more regularly, does not measure the immigrant population as comprehensively and uses a smaller sample size.

Sub-Saharan African, Middle Eastern, and Asian countries saw the largest relative growth in immigrant flows. Immigration from predominantly Muslim countries grew at a rate of 19 percent between 2010 and 2014, including immigration from Saudi Arabia (up 93 percent), Bangladesh (up 37 percent), and Iraq (up 36 percent). Canada and Europe declined as sources of immigration to the U.S.

The analysis comes on the heels of two CIS reports earlier this month showing that a majority (51 percent) of households headed by immigrants used at least one welfare program — such as Medicaid, food aid, housing programs, and cash assistance — significantly higher than the rate of welfare use among native-born–headed households (30 percent). The studies showed that three-fourths of immigrant households using welfare were headed by legal immigrants.

The reports raised questions for supporters of mass immigration who claim that it is an unalloyed benefit to the United States.

— Mark Antonio Wright is an intern at National Review.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
648691,"In 2003, Sen. Barack Obama voted, in the Illinois Senate Health Committee he chaired, to kill a bill that would have protected the lives of premature babies who were born alive during attempted abortions. The bill had first been presented after a Chicago-area hospital admitted that it was abandoning such babies to die without medical care. Obama saw similar bills three times; each time, he spoke or voted in opposition.

The premature babies who were being left to die — the 15 or 20 percent who typically survive induced-labor abortions to be born alive — could live without any care for as long as several hours after birth. The nurse who brought this to the public’s attention witnessed one of them being taken to a utility closet and left to die there. The hospital maintained that staffers put the dying babies into “comfort rooms” until they expired. Either way, they were being left to die without any attempt at medical care. Illinois Attorney General Jim Ryan, after asking the state’s health department to investigate (there was no criminal investigation), wrote a letter stating that his office could take no legal action regarding this practice.

The bill that Obama killed in 2003 was identical to the federal Born-Alive Infants Protection Act (BAIPA), whose language had first passed the U.S. Senate in 2001. Not only did the federal bill pass 98-0, it received a ringing endorsement from abortion enthusiast Barbara Boxer (D., Calif.). Even NARAL declined to oppose it. Those facts should give some indication of just how extreme Senator Obama’s position is.

Lately Obama has tried to make his vote appear less radical. He has claimed he would have voted for the federal bill, because it contained language guaranteeing that it did not confer legal status to the unborn. (Such language was redundant; even without that proviso, the bill would have had no effect on the unborn, because it dealt explicitly with babies who had been delivered alive.) But Obama’s explanation is a cynical dodge. Last week, the National Right to Life Committee uncovered documents from the Illinois Senate showing that the bill Obama killed was identical to the federal legislation he claims to have supported.

Obama responded by smearing NRLC and those pointing out the truth, calling them “liars.” But on the following day, the weight of the documentary evidence forced Obama’s own campaign to admit that, indeed, the language of the federal and state bills were the same.

Instead of apologizing, Obama’s campaign is now calling his critics “liars” again, this time for allegedly saying he “supports infanticide.” True, it would be less inflammatory to say that Obama merely acquiesced to the continued practice of infanticide at Christ Hospital. But the language of his critics does not change the facts of his record.

Obama’s next line of defense is that laws already existed in Illinois to protect these babies. Not so: The law protected only “viable” infants. Hence the attorney general’s decision not to act against Christ Hospital. Obama’s argument is disingenuous as well as false. He opposed legal protection for all born-alive infants because he considered it a threat to Roe. Perhaps it is misleading to say that Obama supports infanticide. It is certainly accurate to say that it concerns him less than indirect, hypothetical threats to the abortion license.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
555686,"Most air-miles schemes will give you an upgrade or a complimentary flight. But not the president’s. Bundle enough money for him, and you can become America’s chief representative to a foreign nation.

Education? Relevant managerial experience? A history of traveling? Basic understanding of a foreign state?

Preferred but not required. Just show us the cash.

Imagine that the same process applied for senior appointments to the U.S. military. Imagine if, for example, the actor Will Smith was able to buy a military commission.

Of course, we’d never accept it. The very thought of comparing Will Smith to Stan McChrystal is laughable. Yet somehow, when it comes to diplomacy, we’re willing to accept a corollary lunacy. By Obama’s standards, Smith’s celebrity bundling and Independence Day heroics would be more than enough to justify his being awarded an ambassador’s residence.

Sure, some claim that military service and diplomatic service are inherently different. And while it’s true that their nature and risks diverge, diplomacy, too, is far from simple. Indeed, American diplomacy is deadly serious — both for our diplomats and for us, the citizens they represent. Were it not for America’s first ambassadors to France and Holland — great statesmen with diplomatic pedigree — America’s earliest years might also have been our final years.

That fine tradition lives on.

Today, all across the world, skilled American diplomats are persuading foreign governments to welcome our commerce and support our foreign policy. In doing so, they’re helping to improve lives, create new jobs, establish new investment, and make us safer. In the age of unrestrained globalization, their work is invaluable and extraordinarily serious.

But when the president’s nominee to become our next ambassador to Norway doesn’t know which parties serve in Norway’s government, or when the president’s nominees to Argentina and Iceland haven’t visited those nations and offer pathetic excuses in explanation, it implies (to put it mildly) a lack of seriousness. It suggests that the president doesn’t care about the ultimate purpose of diplomacy: the good service of American interests.

The Argentina nomination raises a special point. Here, the White House has now managed to insult both Argentina and our closest ally, the U.K. The flowing narrative is undeniable: Diplomacy is all about domestic political patronage, and all other concerns come in a distant second. Correspondingly, this arrogance feeds the worst form of anti-Americanism, fostering the notion that we don’t have any interest in our partners, that we take international relations for granted.

But what’s most surprising about these latest appointments is the audacity of their timing. You’d think that with America’s diplomatic credibility struggling, the president would nominate top candidates to lead our embassies. Instead, just as he once insulted a distinguished general, the president now nominates inadvertent comedians with terrible repertoires.

To be fair, Obama is far from alone in his questionable appointments. Take President George W. Bush’s first ambassador to London. By all accounts a thoroughly decent man, Ambassador William Stamps Farish III nonetheless failed to speak for America. Or what about President Clinton’s final ambassador to London? As a teenager, I remember watching (then recently retired) Philip Lader struggle his way through a post-9/11 appearance on the U.K.’s premier political talk show (tellingly, Farish was absent). Lader wasn’t up to the task. We needed expertise in that chair. Instead, America was left voiceless in the face of challenge.

In the end, we have only ourselves to blame. We’re doing to our diplomacy what Britain stopped doing to its army nearly 150 years ago.

A senior British diplomat once told me that American Foreign Service officers are talented and determined, the envy of the world. Anyone who has met even a few American diplomats knows this to be true.

Yet this understanding always seems to end at the gates of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Take Jay Carney. By his own admission, he didn’t see the Norway nominee’s meltdown during his congressional testimony. Regardless, the press secretary proudly asserted that the White House retained “confidence” in the candidate.

The rewards-card administration: where money talks and merit walks. What a sorry state of affairs for the world’s indispensable nation.

Still, there’s hope.

This is a rare issue on which many liberals and conservatives agree. Beyond the festering political-patronage networks, there’s a growing consensus that American diplomacy should be served by those who have the experience, training, and temperament fit for such a great task. After all, while other nations send their best and brightest to Washington, we all too often reciprocate with clowns. Political donors should not have the right to buy the title hard earned by public servants like Ryan Crocker, Nancy Powell, and Chris Stevens.

We must decide whether to celebrate patronage or celebrate patriotism. The two cannot coexist.

— Tom Rogan is a blogger based in Washington, D.C., and a contributor to the Guardian.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
557867,"Sarkozy: Banning Burqas and Collecting Envelopes?

By David Pryce-Jones — July 16, 2010

The French are practiced hands at scandals, and there’s a fine one running at the moment. Hard to disentangle, it seems to begin with Madame Liliane Bettencourt, aged 87. She’s inherited L’Oréal cosmetics, and a fortune of about sixteen billion euros makes her one of the richest women in Europe. She’s given away vast sums to unlikely people, because in the opinion of her daughter, she has dementia. One of those she’s favoured is Eric Woerth, the Labour Minister in Sarkozy’s government and treasurer of Sarkozy’s political party. The old lady’s butler became suspicious of Woerth, and secretly taped the fellow’s conversations with his employer. (Agatha Christie, where are you?) The two talked about money, cash, secret Swiss accounts, a yacht, oh, and the Jews. An investigation has cleared Woerth of allegations that he protected Madame Bettencourt from a tax inquiry, but he has had to resign as party treasurer. President Sarkozy went on television to deny that Madame Bettencourt illegally funded him or his party; lies are flying around just to block the reforms he proposes but never quite gets round to carrying out. He put the rhetorical question to the camera, “Can you see me collecting envelopes?” To which the nation is roaring the answer, Easily!

A counterpoint to this is the running saga of Islamic face veils. Everyone in the new Europe has to learn to distinguish the hijab from the burqa and the niqab. Sarkozy let it be known that France is a secular republic, and for women to hide their face behind a veil goes against the republic’s dearest values. Deputies in the Assembly have voted almost unanimously to ban Islamic face veils, 335 votes for the proposition, just one against. Belgium has already voted to do this, and Spain and Italy are about to vote on it too. Actually, only about 2,000 women are thought to wear the full veil in France. Under the law, police will have to stop veiled women in the street, and fine them 150 euros and order them to attend citizenship classes. There’s a good deal of roaring about that, too. Muslim women, supported by the Left, are insisting that the state has no business decreeing what women wear. They are also saying that it will make women’s plight worse, because now the males in charge will lock away all females. Anyhow, the policing will prove impossible, and if the law passes the next hurdles of the Senate and the Constitutional Council, it will surely fail in the European Court of Human Rights, which is the home-grown version of sharia when it comes to tenderness for Muslims.

By the way, unlike France and the issue of veiling, England is doing its best to make Muslims feel at home. A Yorkshire council has agreed to install Turkish lavatories in its shopping malls — those are the kind for squatting over a porcelain hole in the ground rather than sitting on a pedestal. Mark Steyn, are you there?",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
566998,"Wonder no more, as JStreet has endorsed the former senator:

J Street believes former US Senator Chuck Hagel would be a fine choice as Secretary of Defense and is appalled by efforts surfacing in recent days to question his commitment to the state of Israel and to Middle East peace. Senator Hagel has been one of the most thoughtful voices in Washington for two decades on questions relating to American policy in the Middle East. He has also been a staunch friend of the State of Israel and a trusted ally in the Senate, speaking out on behalf of America’s commitment to Israel’s security.

Why is JStreet’s endorsement an embarrassment? Let’s recap their previous actions — they’ve opposed sanctions against Iran, lobbied against U.S. vetoes of U.N. Security Council resolutions denouncing Israel, and engaged with groups promoting boycott, divestment, and sanction campaigns against Israel. But JStreet’s endorsement is not surprising given Chuck Hagel’s record. Just like JStreet, Hagel has been consistently wrong on Middle East politics. In 2008, Hagel vigorously opposed the surge in Iraq which eventually turned the tide in the war, and he has repeatedly refused to support Israel against Hamas or Iran. During his time in Congress, he fought against sanctions on Iran, and insisted that the threat of air strikes against Iran be left off the table. If there were any questions remaining regarding his fitness for Secretary of Defense, JStreet’s endorsement should be the final strike against him.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
703721,"Hoffman 2010?

The next twelve months will be difficult for Bill Owens.

By Stephen Spruiell — November 4, 2009

Saranac Lake, N.Y.

In the end, Doug Hoffman couldn’t overcome the hurdle that all third-party candidates face: Most voters tend to pull the lever for the R or the D. Never mind that in this race, the absence of Hoffman would have left voters with a choice-in-name-only (a CHINO?). But Hoffman supporters should not despair. The Democrat who beat him, Bill Owens, faces a tough year ahead. If he runs in 2010, Hoffman will have the major-party label. Conservatives might get their congressman after all.

Victories for Chris Christie in New Jersey and Bob McDonnell in Virginia were certainly welcome wins for conservatives, but the sense of disappointment over Hoffman’s loss was palpable, both here in Saranac Lake and also on the web, where support for Hoffman really galvanized the race. “I couldn’t believe how his support took off online,” says Bob Miller, a Hoffman supporter and town councilman from nearby North Elba who attended last night’s watch party.

New York’s 23rd district is similar to others in the Northeast that Blue Dog Democrats have won in recent years. The district is basically conservative. Throughout the campaign, Owens stuck to a set of pro-business talking points in order to win over an electorate that has sent a Republican representative to Washington for the last 17 years. But his rhetoric will be put to the test when he takes his seat as a member of Nancy Pelosi’s majority.

If the Democrats move forward with the most ambitious items on their agenda — onerous health-care mandates, sweeping energy taxes, and a card-check bill that tilts the playing field in favor of unions over small businesses — Owens will be forced into some very tough votes. There are currently 52 Blue Dogs in the House. Pelosi needs at least twelve of them to pass legislation on a party-line vote. Assuming Owens joins this coalition of moderates, he’ll be feeling pressure from both sides: Either he votes for Obama’s agenda and loses popularity in his district, or he joins the defectors and faces retribution within his own party.

It’s a bind Hoffman can exploit, if he keeps his organization intact and makes another run. Pelosi has shown zero concern for the realities that Blue Dogs face in their districts. In June, she forced them to vote for a very liberal piece of legislation, the Waxman-Markey climate-change bill, which would make energy more expensive for the kinds of small businesses Owens needs to keep in his corner. If the bill does pass the Senate, it will probably differ from the House bill, necessitating a conference committee and another House vote before the next election.

Hoffman’s candidacy generated much talk of a civil war in the GOP. Ironically, it is Owens who is about to learn firsthand what it’s like to belong to a majority that brooks no dissent. When Blue Dogs voiced their concerns over the speed at which Pelosi was attempting to ram the health-care overhaul through the House, their fellow Democrats responded with contemptuous sneers. Rep. Maxine Waters, the liberal lawmaker from California, criticized Rahm Emanuel’s strategy of recruiting conservative Democrats to run in right-leaning districts, saying that Emanuel’s “chickens have come home to roost.” Former DNC chief Howard Dean warned of primary challenges for Blue Dogs if they didn’t support the public option.

These are the factors conspiring to make the next twelve months difficult for Bill Owens. When he comes up for re-election next year, he will have a record. Is Hoffman up for the challenge of another tough campaign? Bob Miller relates a telling anecdote. “When Doug got in the race, I told him, ‘They’re going to come after you.’ And he said, ‘Bob, anything that happens to me is nothing compared to what our Founding Fathers risked to stand up for their principles.’ That’s the kind of person he is.” The slogan printed on the backdrop at Hoffman HQ last night read, “Fight back.” In the next few months, conservatives will be urging Hoffman to fight on.

– Stephen Spruiell is an NRO staff writer.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
908824,"PETA to Bear-Mauled Girl: You Deserved It!

By Wesley J. Smith — December 17, 2013

I really do believe that PETA is a people hating organization, at least among its leadership. Alpha wolf Ingrid Newkirk, for example, expressed the wish that humans had never appeared on the planet.

Recently, a young woman in Florida was out hunting and badly mauled by a bear. No one asked PETA’s opinion, but they sent the recovering girl a letter that basically told her she got what she deserved. From the letter:

As this mother bear demonstrated, animals form intense bonds with their young, just as we do, and will go to great lengths to protect them, just as your stepfather did for you. Like us, animals value their lives and don’t want to be killed. And many animals endure prolonged, painful deaths when they’re injured by hunters but not killed outright, which I’m sure you know firsthand from being in the woods. A study of 80 radio-collared deer found that of the 22 deer who had been shot with “traditional archery equipment,” 11 were wounded but not recovered. Now that you’ve experienced the horror of an attack—although this one was in self-defense—we hope you will choose to enjoy nature in only nonviolent ways.

Notice the anthropomorphizing. Notice the deep misanthropy.

HT: Vickie McKenna",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
246580,"Comey had to sort out partisan messes that better judgment would have avoided.

President Trump’s firing of FBI director James Comey was not merely legal but politically plausible, in part because Comey had so few allies. Very few political figures looked at his decisions in the past year and concluded publicly that he had made the right calls. The director had so few allies because he kept making decisions that irked and in some cases outraged political factions on all sides. Comey kept making those decisions because our national politics kept requiring the nation’s chief criminal investigator to step in. The usual guardrails of common sense and good judgment have been absent at the highest levels in our politics in recent years.

Begin with Comey’s unprecedented press conference on July 5, in which he announced that the FBI would not recommend charges against Hillary Clinton. Why did Comey think he had to make that extraordinary public statement?

Start with Hillary Clinton’s decision to use a private e-mail server that wasn’t up to government specifications for security. Then look to the rest of the Obama administration, which regularly exchanged e-mails with Hillary on that insecure server, including e-mails that included classified information. Many Obama officials knew that Clinton wasn’t using a “state.gov” address, but, to our knowledge, not a single person in the administration ever objected. In 2010, two State Department information-technology staffers raised concerns that her system might not properly preserve records, but their boss, the director of information resource management, insisted that Clinton’s system had been approved by State Department lawyers. It had not. In addition, that director instructed the staff to “never speak of the Secretary’s personal email system again.”

When Clinton’s private e-mail server came to light, very few people in the Democratic party said, ‘This is a major problem suggesting bad judgment, and maybe she isn’t the best choice to be our party’s nominee because of this.” Very few Democrats even wanted to investigate it. Bernie Sanders declared that Americans were “sick and tired” of hearing about it.

Then Attorney General Loretta Lynch made her decision to meet former president Bill Clinton on his private plane, just five days before Hillary Clinton was to be interviewed by the FBI. Lynch casually disregarded any concerns that the tarmac meeting would suggest she had a conflict of interest. Comey specifically cited Lynch’s decision to meet with Clinton while his wife was under investigation as a sign that the Department of Justice “cannot by itself credibly end this.”

Thus, Clinton’s e-mail server had to be investigated by the FBI, and unsurprisingly, the FBI investigators found plenty of obvious instances in which Clinton and her staff had mishandled classified information — if not outright lied to them, giving answers that strained credulity or were implausible. During the interview with the FBI, Clinton said she could “not recall” more than three dozen times. One portion of the report notes that Clinton could not remember whether or not she had received security briefings on how to handle classified info — this, despite the fact that she had previously signed official documents declaring that she had received proper briefings.

This put Comey in an impossible situation. If he had recommended an indictment of Hillary Clinton three weeks before the Democratic convention, the entire Democratic party would probably have erupted in outrage and accused him of attempting to destroy the candidacy of the first female nominee of a major party in American history. President Obama would have come under intense pressure to fire Comey for politicizing the FBI. In that scenario, if Obama failed to fire Comey, Republicans would have accused him of letting Clinton skate.

So Comey attempted to split the baby. He criticized Clinton for being “extremely careless” with classified information but insisted that she hadn’t met the criteria for criminal motive, a motive that is not required in the statute. Intentionally or not, Comey let the voters decide whether Clinton’s actions were disqualifying.

At any point, Clinton could have parted ways with Abedin. Abedin could have parted ways with Weiner or turned over her husband’s computer to the FBI months earlier.

Then, in October, while investigating allegations that former representative Anthony Weiner had sent lewd messages to underage girls, the FBI “learned of the existence of e-mails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation [of Hillary Clinton]” forwarded from longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin to Weiner, her husband. Once again, Comey faced two bad options. If he revealed that the FBI was reopening the investigation and examining these previously unknown e-mails, he would be accused of torpedoing the Democratic nominee. But if he were to keep mum, he would be accused of hiding from voters and Congress the key fact that the Democratic nominee was the subject of a criminal investigation.

Keep in mind, at any point, Hillary Clinton could have parted ways with Abedin. Abedin could have parted ways with Weiner after his infamous 2011 sexting scandal or after it was discovered that Weiner was continuing his sexting habit in 2013. Abedin could have turned over her husband’s computer months earlier or told the FBI that his computer held Clinton e-mails. Weiner could have ceased the gross behavior that destroyed his political career. Had any of these figures made different decisions, Comey would not have been in that difficult position in late October.

For all the blame put on Comey about the election result, two days before the election, he announced that the FBI had reviewed the newly uncovered e-mails, and he and the FBI stood by their earlier decision to not recommend prosecution. Yes, 46 million Americans voted early last year, but another 94 million voted on Election Day. Comey shouldn’t feel “mildly nauseous” — he didn’t actually decide the election.

The fact that he made decisions that infuriated both Republicans and Democrats undermines the accusation that he’s a partisan hack in either direction.

Then the FBI began and is still continuing an investigation of any connections the Trump campaign might have had to Russia, and any related skullduggery that violated U.S. laws in the 2016 elections. At any time in 2016, any one of Trump’s aides could have pointed out that the campaign’s primary national-security adviser, Michael Flynn, managed a consulting firm with foreign clients. Flynn made the decision to appear on the Russian-funded RT network as an analyst and to collect a $$45,386 fee to speak at an RT event in Moscow in December 2015. Flynn made the decision to sit at Vladimir Putin’s table at that event. Either President Trump didn’t know about any of this, or he knew and didn’t care. He and the advisers around the GOP nominee and president-elect could have made different, better decisions that might have given the FBI less reason to investigate.

As an FBI director, James Comey wasn’t perfect. But there was usually an understandable reason for every decision he made. The fact that he made decisions that infuriated both Republicans and Democrats undermines the accusation that he’s a partisan hack in either direction. In the past year, he’s been repeatedly called in to play referee for partisan fights that should have been addressed in forums other than law enforcement.

Keeping the FBI out of national politics requires a wiser, more prudent, and more ethical group of political leaders.

READ MORE:

Editorial: The Comey Ouster

The Bipartisan Case Against James Comey

Donald Trump Was Wrong to Fire James Comey

— Jim Geraghty is NRO’s senior political correspondent.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
388170,"Senior White House adviser David Plouffe insisted yesterday that criticism of the avalanche of national-security leaks from the Obama administration amounted to a “game of distraction.” But apparently playing his own game, he refused to respond to questions about whether President Obama would order any member of his administration with knowledge of the leaks to come forward — as President George W. Bush did in the controversy over leaks about the identity of CIA employee Valerie Plame.

Sadly, the leaks are anything but a game. Senator Dianne Feinstein, the chair of the Intelligence Committee, held a news conference last week to declare: “This has to stop. When people say they don’t want to work with the United States, because they can’t trust us to keep a secret, that’s serious.”

The leaks — mostly revealed in New York Times reporter David Sanger’s new book Confront and Conceal: Obama’s Secret Wars and Surprising Use of American Power — open up the whole gamut of U.S. secret operations. That includes the Navy Seals raid to kill bin Laden, missions in Pakistan, a Yemeni double agent, the Predator drone protocols, the cyberwar against Iraq, and covert operations in Africa.

Senator Feinstein said her heart has stopped at points during her reading of the Sanger book. She’s only halfway through it, but told San Francisco Chronicle columnist Debra Saunders last week: “You learn more from the book than I did as chairman of the intelligence committee, and that’s very disturbing to me.”

It should be for all of us. Even David Sanger, the author basking in all the attention, was taken a aback a bit by Senator Feinstein’s statement. “Hmmm…not sure this is good news,” he tweeted. Indeed.

More and more people are asking questions about the possible role of the White House national-security adviser, Thomas Donilon, who is quoted throughout the Sanger book. As Peggy Noonan wrote in last Saturday’s Wall Street Journal: “When I was a child, there was a doll called Chatty Cathy. You pulled a string in her back, and she babbled inanely. Tom Donilon appears to be the Chatty Cathy of the American intelligence community.”

Perhaps it’s time for Donilon, his aides, and other administration officials to be asked to appear before a congressional committee and asked directly under oath if they had anything to do with the leaks.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
717800,"Mental Illness in Congress

By D. J. Jaffe — March 14, 2016

Earlier this month, mentally ill Kyle Odom shot pastor Tim Remington in Idaho because he “knew” the pastor was a Martian. In his untreated delusional state, Kyle then flew to the White House and started throwing his possessions over the fence to get the president’s attention so he could inform him about all the other Martians in government, including Senators Mitch McConnell, Elizabeth Warren, Dick Durbin, Roger Wicker, and Patty Murray.

Congress should learn from episodes like that. Yet at the same time Kyle went on his mission, Senators Lamar Alexander (R., Tenn.) and Patty Murray (D., Wash.) went on theirs. They revealed a discussion draft of their Mental Health Reform [sic] Act of 2016, which is perhaps the worst mental-health bill ever conceived. It is a rudderless hodgepodge of studies, reports, commissions, and added bureaucracy that would do nothing to help people like Kyle.

John Snook, of the Treatment Advocacy Center, an organization focused on improving care for the seriously mentally ill, told Modern Healthcare, “If this were to pass as is, it would be of no benefit to [people with] severe mental illness.” Mental-illness-policy advocate, blogger, and former Washington Post reporter Pete Earley wrote, “The Senate has now set a low standard.”

Alexander and Murray should know better. There are plenty of bills floating around that include useful provisions they chose to ignore. Senator John Cornyn (R., Texas) introduced the Mental Health and Safe Community Act of 2015 (S2002) specifically to reduce violence by the most seriously mentally ill. It encourages states to use assisted outpatient treatment (AOT). Assisted outpatient treatment is only for a tiny group of the most seriously ill who have already accumulated multiple episodes of violence, arrest, homelessness, incarceration, or hospitalization because they refused to stay in treatment. It allows judges to order them into six months of mandated and monitored treatment while they continue to live in the community. It is less expensive to taxpayers and less restrictive and more humane to patients than the alternatives, incarceration and inpatient commitment. It is the only program with independent research showing it reduces homelessness, arrest, incarceration and violence in the 70 percent range.

Senators Alexander and Murray also ignored provisions in the Mental Health Reform Act of 2015 (S. 1945), proposed by Senators Chris Murphy (D., Conn.) and Bill Cassidy (R., Louisiana). That bill would slightly ameliorate the federal proscription on using Medicaid mental-health funds for those who are so seriously mentally ill they need hospitalization. New York City Police commissioner William Bratton recently described the lack of hospital beds as the top difficulty for officers who are called to assist the seriously mentally ill.

More importantly, Alexander and Murray ignored all the extraordinary work of Representative Tim Murphy (R., Pa.) and Eddie Bernice Johnson (D., Texas) in the House. They introduced the bipartisan Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 2646), which would eliminate wasteful, counterproductive federally funded mental “wellness” programs and reallocate the savings to programs that are proven to help the most seriously mentally ill. H.R. 2646 would start by defanging the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), perhaps the most useless bureaucracy in Washington. Its own employees rated it one of the worst federal agencies. SAMHSA funds anti-psychiatrists who lobby Congress, encourages states to use federal mental-illness funds on people who don’t have mental illness, certifies as “evidence-based” programs that don’t help the mentally ill, and wastes money. There is no support for it other than from those who receive funds from it. Alexander and Murray would add more bureaucracy rather than taking a scalpel to it.

Alexander and Murray ignored fixing the provisions in HIPAA (the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, 1996) that prevent families that provide housing and case-management services to mentally ill loved ones from receiving the same information that paid providers receive. Families that are prohibited from communicating with doctors cannot ensure that prescriptions are filled or transportation to appointments arranged or take other actions to prevent tragedy. Instead of fixing the problems within HIPAA, Alexander and Murray would layer on new regulations and money, to educate service providers as to what HIPAA is supposed to really mean.

The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act is the best bill in Congress if the goal is to use taxpayer funds efficiently, help people like Kyle, and keep patients, the public, and police safer. Representative Murphy, a psychologist, held extensive hearings, researched the issues, and proposed a bill that keeps its eye on the prize: delivering treatment to adults known to have serious mental illness, rather than all the side shows. The bill has massive support, except from those who want to keep their SAMHSA funding in place and those who defend the right of the psychotic to stay psychotic.

To fix the mental-illness mess, on March 16, when Alexander and Murray will introduce their bill, they should introduce a manager’s amendment to substitute the language in the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, or in S. 1945 and S. 2002, for their own language. And the House should move too. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act has the support of 135 Republicans and 50 Democrats. But eleven recalcitrant Democrats are holding up passage, and, to accommodate them, Representatives Fred Upton (R., Mich.) and Joe Pitts (R., Penn.) are so far refusing to let the bill come to a vote in the Energy and Commerce Committee. They should bring it to an up-or-down vote immediately.

While Congress dithers, persons with serious mental illness are going untreated, needlessly suffering, stabbing innocent people in New York, shooting a pastor in Idaho, and throwing foreign objects over the White House fence. Only when H.R. 2646 passes the House and a companion bill passes the Senate will the madness start to subside.

— D. J. Jaffe is executive director of Mental Illness Policy Org., a non-partisan think tank on serious mental illness.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
389684,"A Matter of Priorities

By Eric Cantor — October 22, 2009

Under fire for its management of a wave of problems, the Obama administration has reached into its bag of tricks and pulled out a new bogeyman: Fox News.

Given the seriousness of the challenges our nation faces, the administration’s ploy to delegitimize Fox is nothing more than a distraction. On Sunday, the White House communications director charged that Fox is not a real “news network.” Why? Because the White House says so.

The administration repeatedly accuses Fox of lies and has urged the rest of the media not to treat it like a news organization. The White House is so angry that it has tried to “punish” the network by not doing any interviews on Fox at least until 2010.

This episode is about much more than just Fox News. Today, the administration’s target is Fox; tomorrow, it could be someone else. The administration apparently feels entitled to receive friendly (or what it subjectively deems “balanced”) news coverage at a time when it is making monumental decisions that will have sweeping consequences for years to come. Its heavy-handed treatment of Fox is unseemly in a democracy that depends on the free flow of information. Even commentators and journalists from other rival networks have expressed alarm.

Friction between the media and the elected officials they cover is inevitable. I know this from experience. But lawmakers and the executive branch should be able to agree that going after individual news organizations for no other reason than to sully their reputations (oddly enough, the administration’s clash with Fox will only increase the latter’s profile) is not good for our nation. President Obama should know better. He is above this.

As the White House bickers with a cable-news network, the challenges facing America grow more formidable by the day. Since January, millions of Americans have lost their jobs. Our military commanders say we risk losing the war in Afghanistan unless we boost troop levels; and our military men and women risk their lives each day waiting for a decision from their commander in chief. And a flood of new government spending threatens to blow a hole in the national debt, devalue the dollar, and place an insurmountable burden upon our children and grandchildren.

Freedom of the press is a celebrated right that has shaped our society for more than 200 years. Accordingly, tough scrutiny by the media is something all administrations should expect and accept. Our nation faces many difficult challenges, and the White House should be focused on the truly pressing issues that require our prompt attention.

– Rep. Eric Cantor (R., Va.) is the Republican whip in the House of Representatives.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
638153,"Reacting to Hillary Clinton blaming her election defeat on James Comey and WikiLeaks, Charles Krauthammer said that she has only herself to blame, regardless of her status as part of the “resistance”:

The Clintons have taken victimhood to a new scientific height. They are sort of the experts — the entry in the dictionary should start with them. The fact is, as you point out, the things that did affect her — and they did affect the end of campaign — the Comey letter and the WikiLeaks all stem from the fact that the original sin was the unbelievable arrogance of her setting up her server, keeping it secret, lying about it.

That U.N. press conference? You go back and you look at it, that was like 20 minutes — I don’t think there was a true statement in the whole 20 minutes. In the end, it ends up with her. And I do think you are right about the “deplorable” line. That was the equivalent of Romney’s 47 percent. That is when you show contempt for the other side, and that is a losing proposition.”

BAIER: She says she is not running again and that she is a civilian and part of the resistance.

KRAUTHAMMER: The resistance . . .

BAIER: We will see.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
105261,"From the Dream Journal of Joseph Biden

By Rob Long — August 23, 2012, Issue

TUESDAY NIGHT

Last night, I was standing on the diving board during the Olympics and I was totally aware that my little Speedo was riding up and up and up on me, and I was nervous and could hear the crowd. And then suddenly I was trying to open a jar of peanut butter in front of everyone and the crowd was jeering and cat-calling because I couldn’t do it, and I wanted to cry but I didn’t. And then, suddenly I was flying through the air and swanning down towards the water and my Speedo was flying off and I was a beautiful naked man flying, arms outstretched, towards the water and then I woke up!

Questions: What’s the significance of the peanut butter? (Check into possible peanut allergy.) Why was I embarrassed by the Speedo? I’m never embarrassed to wear those.

SUNDAY NIGHT

I walked into what looked like the Essence Music Festival into a sea of smiling and wonderful African-American faces. And I walked up to the stage and stood next to Alicia Keys, the female rapper Khia, and Harriet Tubman, and I began to tell them from my heart why they all needed to reelect me and as I wept Harriet Tubman began to massage my back and shoulders as Khia and Alicia Keys began doing a kind of highly eroticized dance. Suddenly the crowd was in chains and I leapt from the stage and began loosening the chains with the bolt cutters I suddenly had in my hands. Later, I was in a Jacuzzi with Harriet Tubman, Dionne Warwick, and the late Nell Carter, which is when I woke up.

Questions: Where did I get the bolt cutters? What do they signify? Is it possible to get into contact with Alicia Keys?

MONDAY NIGHT

Hillary Clinton and I are at a Papa Gino’s pizza in Wilmington and we can’t agree on what toppings to get. She’s being really condescending and infuriating and I want to throw the little jar of parmesan cheese at her, but for some reason I can’t raise my arm to do it. She keeps taunting me about it and belittling me because I clearly am immobilized in some way. Suddenly, I realize that my other arm is mobile, and I use it to pick up the jar of pepper flakes and I throw it at her but she’s not there anymore. It’s Barack. And I hit him in the face with the jar and he looks at me but won’t say anything, and then the Secret Service grabs me and tells me that I’m late for my inauguration as president. I can’t find anything to wear so I decide to do the swearing-in ceremony nude, but it’s cold and everyone tells me that would be a bad idea, but I just feel so naked and free, and I walk out onto the platform totally naked and the crowd roars its approval and they’re cheering and cheering and I look back into the stands and my grandfather is there shaking his head. I look back at the crowd and everyone is now laughing at me and pointing at me, which is when Morgan Fairchild comes up to me and leads me slowly away. And then I wake up.

Questions: None. Self-explanatory.

FRIDAY NIGHT

I officiate at a gay wedding. Goes well. Suddenly I realize that it’s my gay wedding, and I’m racing around the venue trying to find my wife to explain what’s happening, but I can’t find her. But the reception turns into a campaign rally, and I’m trying to get onto the stage but I realize that I’m standing thigh-deep in sand. They keep calling my name and asking for me to come onto the stage, but as hard as I try, I can’t make it. Suddenly, my mother is there and she’s holding two ferocious dogs on a leash and they’re barking and baring their teeth at me, and she’s saying, “Everyone wants a piece of you, Joe. Especially the dogs,” and the dogs get closer and closer until the actress Kathy Bates appears and takes the dogs away and my mother helps me out of the sand and walks me to kindergarten which is when I wake up.

Questions: Why Kathy Bates and not Morgan Fairchild? Does “sand” mean “wisdom,” as in I’m “trapped” by “wisdom”?

SATURDAY NIGHT

Suddenly, I’m covered in blood and holding a knife and standing over the dismembered corpse of Wolf Blitzer. Barack is there, shaking his head at me and saying, “Now you’ve done it, Joe. Now you’ve done it.” Suddenly, I see Wolf Blitzer move a bit and I’m sure he’s alive but no one will believe me. And then I’m in the electric chair and I wake up right before Morgan Fairchild throws the switch.

Questions: I’ve always liked Wolf Blitzer. Maybe no more spicy burritos before bed.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
658376,"Walking while young.

That seems to be against the law in Silver Springs, Md. As you have probably heard, parents Danielle and Alexander Meitiv are fighting an investigation by Montgomery County Child Protective Services for having let their kids do just that.

It was a Saturday in December when the Meitiv kids, ten and six, were walking home with their dad. (Mom was out of town.) They passed their favorite park and the kids asked dad if they could play there for a while — without him — and then head home by themselves, about a mile.

The Meitivs are a family that believes in Free-Range Kids, the movement I started (more on that in a sec). So papa said yes. But a little while later, someone spotted them walking unsupervised and called the authorities.

The cops sprang into action, scooped the kids into the cruiser, and brought them home. When dad answered the door, the policewoman asked to see his ID.

He refused. She insisted, saying she’d call for back-up. So he went upstairs to get his wallet. If he came down with anything besides his ID, the cop added, “Shots will be fired.” Nice.

At this point the ten-year-old was crying. Tough. The cop wrote up the dad and left.

A few hours later, a Child Protective Services (CPS) worker came by and told the dad to sign a “temporary safety plan.” Again, papa balked. He’d grown up in Soviet Russia. He has a thing about the state telling him how to live his private life. In fact, that’s why he came to the Land of the Free.

She told him if he didn’t sign it, she would take away the kids.

He signed. The plan was a pledge not to let the kids out of his sight for the next 48 hours, when the state would contact him again.

What law is it that prevents children from walking home together on a crisp winter day in their own neighborhood? CPS claims it is this one:

A person who is charged with the care of a child under the age of 8 years may not allow the child to be locked or confined in a dwelling, building, enclosure, or motor vehicle while the person charged is absent . . .

Apparently the authorities decided to interpret “locked or confined” as also encompassing, “outside and completely unconfined.” Which is sort of like interpreting, “Thou shalt not murder” as, “Thou shalt also be guilty if thou does not murder.” The parents had their hearing with CPS on Monday, and it was inconclusive. “I just thought it would be over by now,” mom Danielle (a longtime e-mail buddy now turned comrade-in-arms) told me. But even if it was over — even if the state dropped the case and apologized deeply for ever suggesting that it knew or cared more than the parents (a climate scientist and a physicist) about how to raise their own kids — the issue would not be over. Because across the country I keep hearing from parents who are afraid to let their kids go outside, for fear the state will snatch them.

Police have replaced predators as the parents’ worst-case scenario.

This is ironic because I began the Free-Range Kids movement seven years ago to encourage parents to do just what the Meitivs did: Send their kids outside to play. Stop being so afraid of the boogey man.

What happened was this: I let my nine-year-old ride the New York City subway alone and wrote a column about it in the late, great New York Sun. Two days later I was on the Today show, MSNBC, NPR, and Fox News, defending myself as not “America’s Worst Mom.”

I started the Free-Range Kids blog to explain that you can love safety — helmets, car seats, seat belts — and still not believe kids need a security detail every time they leave the home.

The blog became a book, a movement, and, as of last week, even a TV show — World’s Worst Mom, on the Discovery Life channel. The Meitivs are just two of the many, many Americans who want to give their kids an old-fashioned, “Free-Range” childhood.

Now when folks are spooked by a fear of government intervention, what I tell them is this: These incidents are rare. That’s why they make the news. They shouldn’t stop us from sending our kids outside. But they should make us mad.

Unlike predators, the cops and CPS work for us. There is no reason they should be harassing rational, loving parents who believe independence and fresh air are good for their kids.

So our job is to rigorously protest the government’s intrusion into parenting. We must elect officials and support states that give parents the right to raise their kids as they see fit, including letting them go outside and play.

Walking while young is not a crime. It’s a right.

— Lenore Skenazy is host of the reality show World’s Worst Mom Thursday nights on the Discovery Life Channel. She is also a public speaker and founder of the book and blog Free-Range Kids.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
461080,"‘Your independence is irreversible, absolutely irreversible.” So declared Vice President Joe Biden, thrilling a parliamentary assembly in Pristina, Kosovo. These were still the early months of the Obama administration, and the vice president was touring the Balkans to take a victory lap in the breakaway Serbian territory whose independence he’d done so much to champion as an influential senator.

As Vladimir Putin tucks away Crimea, just as he clawed South Ossetia and Abkhazia back from Georgia five years ago, Kosovo is worth remembering. So is President Obama’s staunch support of Manuel Zelaya, the socialist would-be dictator Hondurans tried to rid themselves of back in 2009. With an unreconstructed Soviet imperialist eying more worlds to reconquer, one is constrained to ask whether the Beltway’s transnational progressives will ever be called to account for greasing the skids for him.

It has been rich indeed to hear Obama, who oozes contempt for his constitutional duty to execute the laws faithfully, whine about Putin’s rogue stampede over the decidedly more vaporous principles of international law. Saul Alinsky, it seems, could have learned a thing or two about “direct action” from the KGB. Once things get a tad more challenging than harassing tea-party activists or trumping up prosecutions against a couple of nettlesome film producers, the community organizer’s bag of tricks feels awfully empty. Putin is a strongman, playing remorseless hardball in the big leagues; the president of the United States, by contrast, harangues about dialogue and pleads with the president of Kazakhstan — Kazakhstan! – for tips on buttering up the rascally Russian. A neo–Ivan the Terrible is on the march, and the world’s only superpower huddles with Borat.

But the Kosovo precedent — which, as National Review’s editors noted this week, is one that Putin wielded as a club against the West while storming Ukraine — is not solely, or even mostly, Obama’s fault. He was a bit player in the closing act of a debacle that tossed territorial integrity overboard when our bipartisan foreign-policy solons decided it was inconvenient to their trendy priorities. In this instance, it was about appeasing Islamic supremacists.

Kosovo was an overwhelmingly Albanian-Muslim province of the former Yugoslavia. It had sided with the Nazis in World War II and later come under Communist domination. The mutual hatred between the Kosovar Muslims and Orthodox Christian Serbs resulted in centuries of dueling atrocities and efforts by each side to wipe out the other.

In the Nineties, while straining for independence from the Serbs, Kosovo served as a safe haven for al-Qaeda and affiliated terrorist groups. Like contemporary “rebels” in Syria and Libya, the Kosovo Liberation Army had moderate Muslim elements but also worked cooperatively with the jihadists. Naturally, the separation of Kosovo from Serbia became a cause célèbre of the Muslim Brotherhood and the global jihad. As night follows day, it also became fashionable at the soirées where transies convince themselves that Islamic supremacists will surely moderate if given the responsibilities of governance and will like us better if we support their access to power.

The Brotherhood and its fellow Islamic supremacists were heartened when President Bill Clinton encouraged the rabidly anti-American jihadist regime in Iran to arm the Bosnian Muslims in their war against the Serbs — a flagrant violation of a U.N. embargo against arms shipments to Yugoslavia that Washington, a Security Council member, had endorsed. Later, when war broke out in Kosovo, despite brutality on both sides, the Brotherhood knew it had a receptive audience for propaganda framing the conflict as a one-sided “ethnic cleansing” of Muslims by Serbs.

By 1998, the scandal-plagued Clinton found any page-turning opportunity welcome. He picked up the “genocide” theme and ran with it. Providing what would later become Obama’s Libya-war blueprint, Clinton instigated an unauthorized, undeclared, and ultimately disastrous war, in the absence of any threat to the United States, ostensibly to protect civilians but in reality on behalf of the Muslims.

Clinton’s State Department warned the Serbs that NATO bombing would commence unless they agreed not only to withdraw forces from Kosovo but to an arrangement whereby Kosovo would surely be granted full independence from Serbia after three years. The Serbs refused. Clinton miscalculated that the Serbs would quickly blink and that his aerial attacks, though lawless, would be brief and easily forgotten. Instead, the Serbs did not surrender and the bombing went on for nearly three months, causing far more damage than the carnage it was ostensibly meant to stop, while the killing intensified on the ground.

Finally, in 1999, with Russia interceding on the Serbs’ behalf, the fighting ended with an agreement Clinton could have gotten at the start: an international security force to keep the peace but a commitment from the West that Kosovo would remain part of Serbia. In addition, the settlement was placed under the authority of the U.N. Security Council, where Serbia would be assured of Russian support, rather than under NATO.

The outcome bitterly disappointed Islamic supremacists, whose hopes for a Muslim state independent of Serbia had also been dashed in the earlier Dayton accords, which ended the Bosnian conflict. But the Brotherhood and its allied jihadists kept agitating.

Again, they found a receptive audience in the Beltway. Ironically, in the wake of the 9/11 mass-murder attack by jihadists against the United States, the transnational progressives in a Republican administration became just as obsessed as the Left about showing the world’s Muslims that the U.S. and the West were not “at war with Islam,” as if we could ever convince Islamic supremacists to abandon such a useful canard. Thus, President Bush — with the support of both the GOP’s McCain faction and leading Senate Democrats, including Obama, Biden, and Hillary Clinton — breached the understandings that ended the Kosovo war: The United States would support Kosovo’s secession and recognize it as an independent state.

Quite apart from its notorious jihadist precincts, its compromised militia, and its availability as a launch pad for terrorism in Europe, Kosovo utterly lacked governing institutions and was rife with unemployment and political corruption (as Caroline Glick outlined at the time). Yet our government went back on the deal that had ended the Kosovo war in order to confer sovereignty on a province clearly not deserving of it. Even Biden implicitly conceded as much while making a pit stop in Serbia during his aforementioned 2009 victory lap. “The United States does not, I emphasize, does not expect Serbia to recognize the independence of Kosovo,” he told President Boris Tadic.

But this does not begin to quantify the blunder. Much worse, in terms of global stability, the United States and the West had (a) set a dangerous precedent for disaffected minorities to claim a right to break away from their countries and (b) underscored that will-to-power still rules, all the precious palaver about international law notwithstanding.

If anyone has a hyperactive will-to-power streak, it is Putin. Moreover, not only is the Kremlin Serbia’s patron, it has its own disaffected minorities — Chechen Muslims, for one — yearning to break away. Infuriated by the West’s Kosovo machinations, it wasted little time exploiting the new order of things.

The perfect place to make mayhem was Georgia. Since the Soviet collapse, it had been challenged by pro-Russian separatists in South Ossetia and Abkhazia — each, like Kosovo, technically part of the host country but de facto independent, with the resulting tensions kept in check by international peacekeepers, including Russians. Georgia had elected as its president Mikheil Saakashvili, a staunchly pro-Western democrat who had resolved to rein in the secessionists and was thus despised by the Kremlin. Taking a page out of Clinton’s book, Russia echoed the secessionist propaganda and announced that it would be expanding aid to the disputed provinces. When that naturally prompted a hostile reaction from Georgia, the Kremlin further incited the pro-Russian separatists and used the resulting tensions as an excuse to invade. Putin calculated that the U.S. and Europe would huff and puff and . . . do nothing. It has been five years — looks like a pretty good bet.

Crimea is a repeat performance that offers other useful transnational-progressive misadventures for Putin to exploit. In Kiev and the west of Ukraine, citizens resisted the campaign by President Viktor Yanukovych to abort enhanced ties to Europe and indenture their country to the Kremlin. Yanukovych, of course, is the Putin puppet narrowly elected in 2010 by carrying the heavily Russian strongholds in eastern Ukraine. Urged on by Putin, he undertook to crush the protest lethally and was compelled to flee when democratic forces in parliament stripped him of his powers. As one would expect, he turned up in Russia, becoming Exhibit A in Putin’s condemnation of the “illegal coup” — the “true,” democratically elected president of Ukraine whose pleas for help the Kremlin could not ignore.

Sure, it was farce . . . but not farce without precedent. In 2009, Honduras’s socialist president sparked street protests when he lawlessly attempted to rewrite the country’s constitution in order to remain in power. He was arrested, deposed, and deported, with the overwhelming endorsement of the Honduran congress and supreme court, fully consistent with Honduran law. Except that the international Left wanted Zelaya kept in place, so President Obama inserted himself into Honduras’s internal affairs.

Obama and Secretary of State Clinton looked the other way at Zelaya’s incitements, condemned his removal as a “coup,” and demanded that he be restored to power out of respect for “democratic elections” (never you mind the rigorous democratic processes that ousted him). As the Wall Street Journal noted at the time, the Obama administration backed the rhetoric with brass knuckles, cutting off aid, threatening to seize Honduran assets, pulling visas from Honduran officials, and threatening not to recognize future Honduran elections.

Putin’s thoroughly corrupt puppet Yanukovych might not pass the laugh test of legitimacy, but thanks to American foreign policy, that test does not necessarily apply. Putin used the “coup” to stir up anti-Western propaganda in Ukraine’s Russian strongholds, then used the resulting unrest as a pretext to invade and annex Crimea . . . so far.

Ukraine might have thought about defending its sovereign territory, but it is without sabers even to rattle. The country surrendered its prodigious nuclear arsenal in reliance on an unenforceable, unratified security guarantee from Clinton. Not to be outdone, Senator Obama and the GOP’s foreign-policy clerisy later expanded that surrender into the wholesale destruction of Ukraine’s weapons stockpiles — on the theory that, as Obama explained it, a country’s abandoning its weapons makes for a safer country and a safer world.

In successful enterprises, the daft are rooted out and sidelined. In the United States, we put them in charge of foreign policy — for life.

— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute. He is the author, most recently, of Spring Fever: The Illusion of Islamic Democracy.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
330199,"The Whirligig of Time

By Peter Wehner — April 22, 2009

Right now a frenzied mob on the Left and in some quarters in the media has been stirred up on the matter of enhanced interrogation techniques. What we need is a calm, careful review of the facts and the issues, which can be found here, here, here, here, here, and here.

We also need some Republicans leaders who have the courage and wisdom to push back against the mob. President Obama–the post-partisan, uniquely unifying, let’s-look-forward-and-not-backward candidate of hope and change–has detonated a debate he may well lose control over and which may prove to be deeply divisive and embittering for America. More importantly, he has taken a series of steps that, particularly as it relates to our intelligence agencies and their capacity to protect Americans from mass death, he, and his countrymen, may well come to regret. We can hope and pray a future attack doesn’t happen–but there is reason to fear it might.

We have seen how quickly public opinion and congressional opinion can change (witness where we were in early 2002, when key members of Congress, including Democrats, signed off on enhanced interrogation techniques and worried that waterboarding was not an aggressive enough tactic v. where we are today). It can change again. And actions that are being applauded now will be viewed as reckless and worse later.

The whirligig of time brings in his revenges.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
191834,"After repeatedly, and correctly, proclaiming that phone and e-mail surveillance by the NSA is both necessary and constitutional, the president has succumbed to left and libertarian pressure: He has proposed installation in NSA of “a full-time civil-liberties and privacy officer” and other mechanisms in “the transparency community.” A “transparency community” within an “intelligence community” is an unworkable oxymoron. Any “civil-liberties and privacy” officer installed in NSA would, to show that he is performing, have to impede intelligence activities — a burden we do not need in our already difficult war on terrorism.

Our Constitution’s authors and proponents warned against bowing to the sort of demagoguery that lies behind attacks on the NSA program as an unconstitutional invasion of our rights. The Federalist Papers — the bible of the Constitution’s meaning — warn at the outset (No. 1) of those who invoke supposed rights of the people to oppose the government’s efforts to defeat an enemy seeking to destroy us: “A dangerous ambition more often lurks behind the specious mask of zeal for the rights of the people, than under the forbidding appearance of zeal for the firmness and efficiency of government.”

Continuing, “Publius” (probably Alexander Hamilton) explains why: “History will teach us that the former has been found a much more certain road to the introduction of despotism than the latter, and that of those men who have overturned the liberties of republics, the greatest number have begun their career by paying an obsequious court to the people, commencing Demagogues and ending Tyrants.”

This warning is repeated: The Government’s “powers” for “the common defense . . . ought to exist without limitation: because it is impossible to foresee or define the extent and variety of national exigencies, or the correspondent extent and variety of the means which may be necessary to satisfy them” (No. 23). Again, our Founding Fathers opposed “every project that is calculated to disarm the government of a single weapon, which in any possible contingency might be usefully employed for the general defense and security” (No. 36).

Abraham Lincoln reiterated that view when attacked for violating constitutional rights by suspending habeas corpus: “Would not the official oath be broken, if the government should be overthrown, when it was believed that disregarding the single law would tend to preserve it?”

Our Founders’ and Lincoln’s teaching is even stronger when applied to the NSA: Its surveillance program violates no constitutional provision. It examines only the addressee and sender on e-mails, and telephone numbers called and called from. The Supreme Court has long held that such information is not privacy-protected by the Fourth Amendment. As a former federal prosecutor, I often obtained such evidence, through law-enforcement tools known as pen registers and mail covers.

Consider this real-life event: Over weeks, twelve jewelry stores in different locations are robbed, apparently by one group of unidentified robbers. Police obtain from telephone companies cell-phone records to locate any phone(s) used within 30 minutes’ distance of each robbery. Analyzing the data, they identify robbery suspects. No claim of “violation” of constitutional rights would void the suspects’ conviction.

No reason to treat better those attempting to destroy this country. That enemy exists, the evidence for it consisting of 3,000 lives lost on 9/11, the Boston Marathon massacre, and even the unsuccessful terrorist attacks on our airplanes and at Times Square. The NSA program is logical. Our intelligence people know phone numbers or area codes used by terrorists in various world locations. Wouldn’t you want our intelligence services to know who in the United States called those numbers and area codes and to examine the information to determine whether those calls were innocent or not? I certainly would. If this program had been applied to identify the Boston bombers, that attack could have been prevented.

Apparently recognizing that their constitutional argument on the NSA program itself is meritless, many opponents insist on a slippery slope of imagined horribles. They assert that, while using sender and recipient identities for security purposes is lawful, possessing the content of the messages would enable that to be used too, unconstitutionally — despite NSA’s denial that it has been done, and despite the absence of contrary evidence. That imagined horrible is akin to depriving all soldiers and police officers of their guns because it is conceivable that some power-hungry president or governor could, in the future, employ armed soldiers or police to seize autocratic power. Imagined horribles do not supersede the reality of terrorists seeking to destroy us.

Obama’s proposal makes as much sense as “a civil-liberties and privacy officer” shadowing an army general fighting the enemy on a battlefield. Who knows? With this administration, that may be next.

— Gerald Walpin served as inspector general under President George W. Bush and is the author of The Supreme Court vs. the Constitution.",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
705043,"Hodge Must Not Be Shot

By Michael Potemra — July 1, 2012

An article over on the Evangelical section of Patheos today discusses Samuel Johnson’s cat. For many readers in the last half century, this tomcat is an iconic figure chiefly because of his appearance in the epigraph to Nabokov’s great novel Pale Fire, which was, coincidentally, published exactly 50 years ago. (If there has been a better novel since then, in English or any other language, it doesn’t spring readily to mind. You can buy Pale Fire here or, for an additional $$8, you can get the Library of America volume that also includes Lolita and Pnin — masterpieces both.) From Boswell’s Life of Johnson:

This reminds me of the ludicrous account which he gave Mr. Langton, of the despicable state of a young Gentleman of good family. “Sir, when I heard of him last, he was running about town shooting cats.” And then in a sort of kindly reverie, he bethought himself of his own favourite cat, and said, “But Hodge shan’t be shot; no, no, Hodge shall not be shot.”

The author of the Patheos piece expresses, quite modestly, an inability to understand what point Nabokov was making by quoting this at the beginning of his heartbreaking novel. I will be somewhat less modest, because I have a strong view on this issue, influenced chiefly by the prominent Nabokov scholar Brian Boyd: Nabokov was pointing out that compassion is the only thing that makes life bearable. The universe is full of cruelty: of exile, loneliness, and despair, which bring the human person to the brink of madness, and, in the case of the main character of Pale Fire, well beyond that brink. The novel begins with a long poem about an American poet’s suicidal daughter; the rest of it is a commentary on the poem by a mentally ill exile from behind the Iron Curtain. (That Nabokov can take a book with that plot summary and turn it into a laugh-out-loud comedy staggers the imagination, even now.) Dr. Johnson offers a symbol of that universe we know so well: It’s an insane young toff who runs around shooting cats. But Johnson then issues his declaration, “Hodge shall not be shot” — as if to say, we can’t deny what the world is like, there’s simply too much evidence for it, but we can carve out islands of compassion and safety within it.

This compassion is the essential distinction of humanity. The way I like to put it is, Man is the only creature who can say “No.” The rest of the universe does what it does simply because that is what it has always done and that is what it always will do. To the extent that human beings are part of nature, they behave that way too: Why not crush and kill and grab, when we are stronger? But to the extent that man is different, and sees himself as — in the traditional phrase —- “made in the image” of something that is different, man can declare that he has values, and knows truths, that are higher than these “natural laws.”

Dr. Johnson, then, is declaring his humanity, in an outburst of compassion. Some nut is shooting cats; Johnson is saying, in a limited but real and forceful way, “No: This cat will be protected.” Now, the concept of “compassion” has had a rough time of it with certain ideologists in recent years; if I had a dime for every phony-tough intellectual (I’m counting here both real ones and pseudos) who has quoted Walker Percy’s line about tenderness leading to the gas chamber, I could run my own super PAC. But Percy was not issuing a license for thuggishness; he was himself, in both his fiction and his essays, a tireless advocate for the weakest and most defenseless among us. He was pointing out that evils are sometimes done under the cloak of compassion — so we need to be watchful. (“I did it for the children”; “I did it to protect innocents” — always statements that need to be explored, and compared with the actual truth. An assertion of compassion is not necessarily an act of compassion.)

Those of us who follow a certain theological tradition believe that there is a being beyond the visible universe who has boundless compassion, and that somehow this being will eventually put right the cruelties and other wrongs that so characterize life as we know it. That entity is greater than man, and can love all; we can do that in principle, but in practice, we do best to carve off parts of reality and say, “I can realistically try to protect this.” Even in that effort we can and do often fail. But in trying, we are imitating something that is both our source and our goal. People who disagree with my theology (and people who disagree with all theology) do this, too; they do it because that’s the way they were made.

Dr. Johnson was being true to his human calling: to imitate a being Who loves.

(Many thanks to Gina Dalfonzo for pointing me in the direction of that Patheos article.)",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
206686,"It’s All About The Cheese

And bad teeth, and British humor, and vegetable carnage, and . . .

By Thomas S. Hibbs — October 14, 2005

Though already possessing a cult following from its shorter films, the endearing and highly entertaining duo of Wallace (voiced by Peter Sallis), a wacky inventor, and Gromit, Wallace’s silent, prudent, and long-suffering dog, is only now making its first appearance in a full-length feature, The Curse of the Were-Rabbit. Its visually attractive stop-motion animation and its British wit (fueled by the creative efforts of British animator Nick Park) has received nearly universal critical acclaim. It is indeed quite funny, with well-defined characters and generally well-crafted dialogue. Yet despite a fine opening and a laugh-out-loud conclusion, the film fails to sustain momentum. That’s a serious problem for a film that is a mere 90 minutes long, preceded, I hasten to add, by a painfully tedious short from the Madagascar penguins.

As the film opens, we are shown the beginning of a day in the life of Wallace and Gromit, who run Anti-Pesto, a company that uses non-violent means to remove rabbits from local gardens. The entire house seems to be run by electronic gadgets, giving it the feel of the mad professor’s house in Back to the Future. When Wallace receives a call from the well-connected and refined Lady Tottington (Helena Bonham Carter) to secure his services in clearing her property of rabbits in advance of the town’s annual Giant Vegetable competition, Wallace thinks Anti-Pesto has hit the big time. He also quickly falls for Tottington. There is, as one might have guessed, a rival suitor, the imperious Victor Quartermaine (Ralph Fiennes), who wants to settle the rabbit problem with deliberate force: gunfire.

Lamenting the need to use any force against the rabbits, Lady Tottington says, “They do so love their veggies. It’s in their little bunny natures and you can’t change that, can you?” Ever the experimentalist, Wallace hatches a plan to cure the bunnies of their “anti-social vegetable-ravaging behavior.” Wallace’s scientific attempt at social engineering has unintended, Frankenstein-ish consequences, of the sort now all too common in science-fiction film. Here the theme is played for laughs rather than lessons; indeed, if the film has a lesson, it has something to do with the mysterious, medicinal powers of cheese.

The sudden and destructive appearance of the Were-Rabbit, a huge creature who looks and behaves like a cross between King Kong and the StayPuff Marshmallow giant from Ghostbusters, jeopardizes the success and celebrity of Wallace and Gromit. It is at this point that the most entertaining character in the film comes to the fore, the local vicar, whose name is itself quite humorous. Reverend Hedges (Nicholas Smith), who is as passionate as anyone else about the Veggie competition, prays over his produce and walks about singing “We plow the field and scatter . . .” When his garden is attacked by the Were-Rabbit, in an event the newspapers describe as a “Night of Vegetable Carnage,” the reverend proclaims a coming apocalypse: “By tampering with nature and attempting to grow inordinately large vegetables, we’ve brought a terrible judgment on ourselves.”

The film contains a few double entendres that adults will get and little kids will miss. These are not, however, the sort of lewd allusions that make sane parents squirm and wonder why Hollywood supposes adults need sexual humor to make it through a movie with their kids. In addition to the dialogue and the visuals, the sense of a timeless and winsome world commends Park’s Wallace and Gromit to viewers of all ages. There is something magical about the town created by Park, in a Britain populated by garden-cultivating, cheese-loving citizens with bad teeth–an unusual and endearing combination for Americans accustomed to increasingly stylized high-tech animation.

–Thomas Hibbs, an NRO contributor, is author of Shows About Nothing.

",nationalreview.com,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
