,content,domain,fake,conspiracy,political,junksci,unreliable,bias,hate,reliable,satire,clickbait,unknown,rumor
508,"“When they go low, we go high.” This is the woman I knew as a bright young law student named Michelle Robinson. And this is the essence of the woman who is one of the most open-hearted and effective First Ladies our nation has ever seen.

Michelle Obama is the woman who so eloquently and emotionally articulated why her fellow First Lady, Hillary Clinton, is the most qualified candidate for the presidency of the United States. Why the historic nature of Hillary’s candidacy and potential to be the first woman President of the United States is so significant and shouldn’t be taken for granted. And why America is the greatest nation on earth, full of promise and hope, in stark contrast to Donald’s dystopian distortion.

Michelle Robinson Obama has always been a First Lady, in her own way. At least for as long as I have known her.

We met as classmates at Harvard Law School. Tall, lanky, with a quick, dry wit, a sharp intellect, and a warm demeanor. No pretense, but broad priorities that always extended beyond herself, no matter what she was going through.

My memories of Michelle always involve humor. Michelle can tease you in a such a good-natured way, and then immediately turn the humor on herself, that she breaks down barriers and creates instant connections.

She is exactly the same now as she was then. And then some. Because with every word and action, she lives up to America’s promise and the importance of the position she inherited when she joined her husband on his journey to the White House. She takes nothing for granted and never forgets where she came from or the plight of others who haven’t made it as far as she has in her life.

And she has a huge heart. Despite the bitter nature of the campaign between her husband and Hillary, Michelle Obama — just like the Michelle Robinson I knew — sees connections, not craters. Perhaps like no other speaker we have heard in this campaign, she presented the most compelling, caring, and urgent case for her fellow First Lady, concluding with this:

“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters and all our sons and daughters now take for granted that a woman can be President of the United States.”

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93105,"A mainstream media headline about the New York primary (“Clinton Moves Goalposts Again”) is unsupported by the facts of the article.

Last July, HillaryMen warned that insidious process stories in mainstream publications constituted a risk to Hillary’s public image:

Process stories – and the potent anti-Hillary frames they deliver – were one of the single most effective weapons against Hillary in 2008, painting a nefarious image that she was unable to alter or escape. Although Hillary is subjected to the most vitriolic language imaginable, the majority of negative coverage she endures comes in this form: a seemingly innocuous news article, editorial or blog post that manages, paragraph after paragraph, to deliver character-destroying frames.

The overarching point was that these articles are more harmful because they are less obviously negative:

To the casual reader, it may not be entirely obvious how damaging this type of reporting is for Hillary’s candidacy. But in aggregate, articles like this that appear regularly in major media outlets paint a portrait of a scheming, unprincipled politician. That portrait is often reflected back in polls and interviews – and ultimately at the ballot box.

Eight months later, with Hillary closing in on the Democratic nomination, we get this:

Here’s what the article says:

When Hillary Clinton lost the New Hampshire primary to Bernie Sanders in February, Robby Mook, her campaign manager, took the long view and declared the nomination would “very likely be won in March, not February.” The campaign is now taking an even longer view, with April now being the month they hope to put Sanders away.

How exactly does that support the headline Clinton Moves Goalposts Again? It doesn’t say she moved the goalposts twice. The subheader only shows one projection change. So the accurate title would be Clinton Moves Goalposts.

But why even frame this piece so negatively? “Moving the goalposts” is a term typically reserved for someone who is losing and making excuses for their loss. Hillary is clearly on track to win the nomination.

If anything, Bernie Sanders has gone from revolution and momentum to trying to flip superdelegates. If anyone has moved goalposts, it’s the Sanders campaign. But I can’t seem to find a headline about Bernie “moving the goalposts again.”

The reflexive media urge to paint everything as bad news for Hillary continues unabated. It is best illustrated by the pervasive myth of her so-called “enthusiasm gap,” a demonstrably false frame that has been repeated incessantly and now passes for truth.

The damage done to Hillary’s image by these types of stories is hard to measure. It is a testament to her tenacity and her supporters’ dedication that she continues to win.

UPDATE (4/2/16): Another similarly misleading headline:

Clinton, who is under fire for oil and gas donations, once hit Obama for the same reason https://t.co/ke8dvElHHz pic.twitter.com/JApyDEl3BT — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) April 2, 2016

This misses the entire context of the ongoing debate about oil and gas company donations. The central point is that Hillary objected to having companies and individual employees conflated. In the CNN article, reference is made to a 2008 Hillary ad:

“No candidate does. It has been against the law for 100 years,” says the narrator. “But Barack Obama accepted $$200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies.”

Hillary’s ad did not conflate companies and individuals. It did the exact opposite. What Bernie Sanders is doing is very different from what Hillary did in 2008, but you wouldn’t know that from the article above.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93120,"Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver’s offensive and outlandish comment about Hillary’s “ambition” being a danger to Democrats was met with outrage from Democrats and laughter from Hillary—deservedly so.

Bernie’s campaign manager Jeff Weaver appeared on CNN late Tuesday night and had the audacity to admonish the Clinton campaign: “Don’t destroy the Democratic Party to satisfy the Secretary’s ambitions to become president of the United States.”

Not only did Weaver’s comment invoke a common sexist caricature of Hillary as someone driven by outsized ambition—the sort of ambition that only seems to be of concern when exhibited by a woman—but it was a startling bit of projection.

It is Weaver who has conjured the specter of a contested Democratic convention, and it is his candidate who refuses to fundraise for down-ballot candidates, even as Hillary has raised tens of millions of dollars for the DNC and state parties.

By contrast, Hillary has been a Democratic Party rockstar for four decades—a fact that is consistently used against her by the Sanders campaign, as they rail against her as “the establishment candidate.” Now, Weaver wants to simultaneously accuse her of being a tool of the establishment and the harbinger of its apocalypse.

Weaver’s flailing isn’t even logically consistent, never mind that it is patently obnoxious.

CNN’s Chris Cuomo asked Hillary for comment on Weaver’s mindless warning and Hillary laughed, a perfectly mirthless laugh, before responding:

“I mean, it’s just ludicrous on the face of it. You know, I have been campaigning for Democrats, fundraising for Democrats, recruiting Democrats to run and win for a really long time. I think about 40 years. Senator Sanders, by his own admission, has never even been a Democrat. I understand they are getting anxious. I get that. But they need to be thoughtful about what they do say because at the end of the day we need a Democratic president.”

By way of a reminder, Bernie promised that he was not going to run a negative campaign.

Watch Hillary’s response:

(AP Photo/Seth Wenig)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93167,"Tony Schwartz, the ghostwriter of Donald Trump’s famous book, The Art of The Deal, gave a scathing interview to the New Yorker, saying that if he had to do it over again, he’d re-title the book “The Sociopath”. You know that Donald would not let that publicity go unanswered.

Despite his oddly rationalized tweet about all press being good press, Donald was not happy about ghostwriter Tony Schwartz coming forward just before the convention to announce just how ill-suited he is for the office of the presidency.

Clearly, he has little appreciation for the press repeating Schwartz’s warning:

“I genuinely believe that if Trump wins and gets the nuclear codes there is an excellent possibility it will lead to the end of civilization.”

So Donald took a rather extraordinary step. Watch:

That’s right, Donald has sent a “cease and desist” letter to Schwartz, claiming that he must return all advances and royalties received since the publication of the book in 1987.

Unbelievable.

But of course, he should have known that, because Schwartz noted in the interview just how Donald treats people:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
11440,Koch Brothers Spent the Most to Pollute Our Environment and Politics,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23863,When It's the End of the World We'll Have President Bartlet & These Cats,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93115,"I remember the exact moment when I first started loving Hillary. It was because she cared about my teeth. It was during Bill Clinton’s first term, and I was reading about the ongoing political fight over Hillarycare. The newspaper story said insurance company bigwigs were angry with Hillary because she had insisted that dental coverage be included.

I don’t have the exact quote, but it was words to the effect of: “Your teeth are part of your body, aren’t they? You can’t separate them.” She pointed out that children with bad teeth couldn’t eat healthy food, or concentrate on their schoolwork.

And I thought, Wow. I love her.

When you’re a member of the working poor, teeth are a big problem. Chances are, you need at least some work you can’t afford; you probably live with some pain when you eat. (In Pennsylvania, where I live, if you’re eligible for Medicaid, you can get dental work. But if you’re a member of the working poor, well, good luck.)

I was in my twenties before I even knew you could get a shot of Novocaine before a filling; the free city health center only used it when they yanked a tooth. And braces? In a family of five kids, that was just a dream.

Even though Hillarycare didn’t succeed, it deeply impressed me that someone in the White House actually cared about people like me. And Hillary started the national discussion that finally came to fruition after the 2008 presidential election.

Obama was elected, and the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) passed by a hair. At first I thought it could have been a better plan, that it was cobbled together by competing interests. But I also knew it was just the beginning, because you can’t improve something that doesn’t exist.

Then, along with millions of others, I lost a good job during the Great Recession. I managed to pay my very expensive COBRA coverage until that option finally ran out. And that’s when I started to get frequent bouts of acute pancreatitis from gallstones.

Each time I showed up in the ER, the doctors told me I needed immediate gallbladder surgery or I might die; every time I told them I had no insurance, it was no longer an emergency and they sent me home.

It was still two years until Obamacare kicked in, and I resigned myself — me, this smart, talented, witty person who still intended to write the Great American Novel — to being just another anonymous statistic who died from lack of medical care. God, that was depressing.

Then a friend (a policy wonk) told me there was interim coverage for pre-existing conditions included in Obamacare for each state. And yes, Pennsylvania had it! I found it and signed up. I even got them to move up the effective date so I could have the surgery sooner.

Yes, that cobbled-together Obamacare coverage saved my life. And I love Hillary because before it was Obamacare, it was called Hillarycare. And Hillary is the one candidate who can – and will – maintain and expand Obamacare.

Hillary wants to increase premium subsidies, cap how much of your income you have to pay for premiums, and allow families to use the exchange if their employer’s plan is too expensive. She’s trying to figure out what incentives will get Republican governors to agree to the Medicaid expansion, because that would get us to the point of universal coverage.

She still supports a public option, and wants to work with interested governors, using the flexibility built into the Affordable Care Act to allow states to establish that choice. She intends to cut out-of-pocket costs, and reduce prescription drug charges.

Because of that dental coverage she first proposed so long ago, I know she’ll look out for us. If she says she’s going to fix something, I trust her to keep pushing. Because she cared about my teeth when no one else did.

And by the way? Through the federal insurance exchange, I finally got that dental coverage. Which only makes sense, because your teeth are connected to your body.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6842,"After I read Peter Daou’s piece from earlier today, I wanted to share my own take.

Dear Bernie supporters who attack Hillary with rightwing frames: It’s so annoying when Hillary Clinton supporters accuse you of sexism for doing so, isn’t it? After all, you’d willingly support Elizabeth Warren, Wall Street scourge and progressive hero. Doesn’t that prove Hillary-hatin’ progressives aren’t sexist? Real progressives shouldn’t vote for candidates on the basis of their genitalia, amirite?

Here’s the funny thing. If it wasn’t for women voting for women, on women’s issues, Elizabeth Warren wouldn’t have “Senator” in front of her name right now.

As the Boston Globe reported, an exit poll from UMass Amherst showed a huge gender gap that broke in her favor. Women voted for Warren 60 percent to 40 percent, while men split 50/50 between the Harvard Law school professor and Republican incumbent Senator Scott Brown.

Women of Massachusetts, give yourselves a pat on the back!

That’s quite a large gender gap, and it’s in a heavily Democratic, liberal state. How did it get there? And why didn’t anyone notice?

When certain male progressives use Elizabeth Warren as some kind of “proof” they’re not sexist when they verbally assault Hillary Clinton, I give a classic Liz Lemon eyeroll.

Because what I hear you say that is that Warren is okay. She’s one of those nice female politicians, selfless and giving — not outwardly ambitious or politically strategic (like that awful Hillary Clinton, spawn of Wall Street!). The other thing I hear you saying is that male progressives should get to decide which kind is acceptable.

In other words, female politicians are not allowed to be ambitious politicians. And yes, that’s sexist. Because no one ever applies that standard to talented male politicians. Women are supposed to be like nuns, or social workers – a classic caretaker archetype! She’s not supposed to be in it for herself.

And this is the part where certain male progressives get so mad. If they’re not outright abusive, they mutter through clenched teeth, “I’m not sexist at all!” (And then they say, “Just ask my wife.”)

For those claiming Hillary Clinton is in the presidential race for her own ego: It shouldn’t matter. Look at Lyndon Johnson, who was a famously ambitious, egotistical son of a gun. But look at what he got done: He signed the Civil Rights Act. He brought us Medicare, and led the War on Poverty.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23913,U.S. Senate 2014: Here’s Who Will Win Every Single Race,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23890,The Right Wing Can’t Use China as Climate Change Excuse Anymore,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6833,"For the entire 2016 election, voters have been subjected to an insistent narrative that Bernie Sanders is a model of progressive purity while Hillary Clinton is an unprincipled, calculating politician in the pocket of special interests. We strongly reject that false frame and have repeatedly argued that all politicians make difficult choices, some good, some not so good. Bernie isn’t exempt from that reality.

Bernie’s history on guns is hardly the model of progressive purity. During a recent Morning Joe appearance, he was defensive when asked to comment on New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s assessment that on gun manufacturer immunity, Bernie made “a political decision on a moral issue.”

Cuomo:

“If you’re saying I’m going to put my finger in the wind and make the political advantageous choice and I’m going to be purely representative and do what my people want, fine. That’s what a lot of politicians do. But then don’t say you’re different.”

Here’s Bernie reacting on Morning Joe:

Bernie’s response is disingenuous: “In 1988, before I was elected to Congress I was in a race, three-way race, the gun lobby was against me [in] that race because I said in 1988 that we should not have assault weapons sold or distributed in this country… I lost that race because I said in 1988, let’s ban assault weapons in this country. So to keep attacking me, I think, is unfair.”

Disingenuous, because when Bernie ran again two years later, he’d learned his lesson. According to the Washington Post:

As a candidate in 1990, Sanders won over gun rights groups by promising to oppose one bill they hated — a measure that would establish a waiting period for handgun sales. In Congress, he kept that promise. The dynamic served as an early demonstration that, despite his pure-leftist persona, Sanders was at his core a pragmatic politician, calculating that he couldn’t win in rural Vermont without doing something for gun owners.

Bernie modulated his position, and the NRA decided to go after his Republican opponent Peter Smith, pouring money into ads opposing Smith, which they knew would benefit Bernie. NRA honcho Wayne LaPierre endorsed Bernie, writing to members: “Bernie Sanders is a more honorable choice for Vermont sportsmen than Peter Smith.” It worked.

Bernie won. And he kept his word.

According to Correct the Record:

May 1991: Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill. [H R 7, Vote # 83, 5/8/91]

[H R 7, Vote # 83, 5/8/91] November 1991: Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill. [H R 3371, Vote #443, 11/26/91]

[H R 3371, Vote #443, 11/26/91] November 1993: Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill. [H R 1025, Vote #564, 11/10/93]

[H R 1025, Vote #564, 11/10/93] November 1993: Bernie Sanders voted against the final version of the Brady Bill. [H R 1025, Vote #614, 11/22/93]

Bernie Sanders voted for the Gekas Amendment to the Brady Bill. [H R 1025, Vote #559, 11/10/93; CQ Floor Votes, 11/10/93]

This three-day default proceed, also known as the Charleston loophole, allowed Dylan Roof to obtain a gun. [New York Times, 7/11/15]

Bernie Sanders opposed a seven-day waiting period for firearms purchases so gun owners wouldn’t “get caught up in a bureaucracy.” [Rutland Herald, 3/30/91]

Sanders voted for the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms (PLCAA) in Arms Act which, “shields gun makers and dealers from most liability when their firearms are used criminally.” [Slate, 5/6/15, House Roll Call 534, 10/20/05]

And just today, on ABC News:

The NRA continues to express support for Bernie’s positions:

The final word goes to Amanda Marcotte:

There’s probably no industry that better epitomizes the way that corporate greed leads to ruined lives than the gun industry. That’s what the Sandy Hook lawsuit is about: The gun industry lobbies for weak restrictions and heavily markets guns to people with ugly power fantasies, which is why mass shootings happen so frequently in our country. But when given an opportunity to actually do something to hold major corporations responsible for their greed that leads to loss of lives, Sanders balks. It makes him seem like someone who talks a big game, but has no follow-through.

[Peter Daou contributed to this article.]

(AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13578,How Do We Decide Who Is a Refugee and Who Is an Immigrant?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23854,When Even Fox News Is Taking You To Task – Might Want To Rethink Your Tactics,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107331,Hillary Clinton Wants to Restore the American Dream,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13622,Bill Cosby: Not Welcome In Our Homes Again,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23900,"BYE, BYE HATERS! White Police Officers Quit After MO Town Elects Its First Black Mayor",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6858,"“America is missing 1.5 million men of color.” That’s the line in Sybrina Fulton’s op-ed in CNN that stood out most to me.

Fulton is the mother of Trayvon Martin, a black teen whose shooting death at the hands of George Zimmerman in 2012 sparked a national dialogue on race and justice. The op-ed, titled “Why I Support Hillary Clinton” and published Monday, details Fulton’s reasons for throwing her support behind the Democratic frontrunner.

“With so many of our children’s lives on the line or taken, we simply can’t afford to elect a Republican who refuses even to acknowledge the problem of senseless gun violence,” Fulton writes. “The rising generation of our young people need a president who will stand up to inaction from Republicans and indifference from the National Rifle Association. I believe that person is Hillary Clinton.”

Fulton says she supports President Obama’s recent executive actions for common-sense gun reform and says she believes Clinton will take them a step further, specifically by closing the gun show loophole.

But, of course, there is more than gun control at play. There is the issue of systemic racism that leads to the unjust deaths and incarcerations of black people in this country. Fulton addresses this as well:

“She sees what I see: a criminal justice system that is not always just. A system that has contributed to creating a reality where just selling cigarettes, playing loud music, looking at a cop the wrong way or walking home from the store are now activities that can get you killed. If you look at the numbers, America is missing 1.5 million men of color — lost to a system of violence and mass incarceration that seems to have long since forgotten them, but we haven’t.”

The op-ed ends with Fulton listing off names, names that have unfortunately become familiar to many of us: Eric Garner, Jordan Davis, Laquan McDonald, Freddie Gray, Michael Brown, Oscar Grant, Sean Bell,Tamir Rice.

This also reminds me that Hillary Clinton vowed to cut ties with the private prison industry last October.

“When we’re dealing with a mass incarceration crisis, we don’t need private industry incentives that may contribute — or have the appearance of contributing — to over-incarceration,” Clinton campaign spokesperson Xochitl Hinojosa told ThinkProgress when the decision was made.

As it stands, the school-to-prison pipeline system is incarcerating black people at rates much higher than those of white people. One in every three black men will be incarcerated in his lifetime.

We have made some progress in the past few years. A Republican president would threaten to undo all of it, and regress us even further. I agree with Sybrina Fulton. We must protest, and we must vote.

Follow BNR on Twitter",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79403,"Donald Trump continues to urge Bernie Sanders to mount a third-party run, because he knows that he can’t beat Hillary Clinton on his own. And because his worst fear is facing a woman who will best him.

On May 5, Trump tweeted: “Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates & otherwise. He should show them, & run as an Independent.” Now he’s at it again:

Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2016

Naturally, Trump doesn’t believe that the system is “rigged,” nor does he care one iota how Bernie has been treated by anyone. All he cares about is that he himself cannot straightforwardly defeat Hillary, so he’s trying to enlist Bernie’s help, in the hope Bernie will divide the Democratic vote, thus ushering Trump to the White House.

Here is the Today show, reporting on Trump’s tweet:

Yes, Bernie has not indicated that he plans to mount a third-party run—but the more important context here is, no matter how much the media wants a horse race, Trump is currently positioned to lose to Hillary in November. He wants Bernie to run as an Independent because it’s Trump’s best—and possibly only—chance to win.

And then there is this: Trump is, as is manifestly obvious to anyone who has paid even the most basic attention to the man, catastrophically insecure. Beneath the superlative-riddled braggadocio, he has a precariously fragile ego that is bound up in a friable masculinity, constantly at imminent risk of collapse if a woman ever bests him.

Trump likes to cite the women who’ve worked for him as evidence that he isn’t sexist (another narrative the media are happy to repeat despite the fact that not all of his female employees would agree), but when a very visible female employee, Carolyn Kepcher, started becoming a star in her own right via her role on “The Apprentice,” she was unceremoniously fired. No woman is allowed to eclipse The Donald.

If he has any female friends or colleagues, who are neither related to him nor reliant on him to make money, who he genuinely regards as his equal, we sure haven’t heard from them. Or of them. Or seen them. Or any evidence of their existence.

Which is not surprising, since women who consider ourselves men’s equal don’t typically avail ourselves of men who don’t regard us in kind.

Hillary is not merely Trump’s equal: She is clearly his better, in every conceivable way—particularly in the ways that matter most in a presidential contest. She is smarter, she is more knowledgeable, she is more competent, she is more empathetic, she has a more suitable temperament, and, yes, she is even more likable.

Basically, she is Trump’s worst nightmare. A woman he cannot control. A woman against whom he has to compete as an equal. A woman who can beat him.

I can’t think of a greater mortification to a man whose entire self-worth is rooted in a superiority to women than to be destroyed on a highly visible international scale by a woman.

Trump knows he can’t defeat Hillary on the merits; he can’t achieve victory on a level playing field. So he’s grasping at whatever he can to weigh the scales in his favor. He frantically fears the possibility of a woman one-upping him, and the best he’s got at the moment is trying to enlist the assistance of another man to defeat her.

What a sad, insecure, desperate maneuver by a man who could be defined using precisely the same descriptors.

All I’ve got for Trump and his transparent ploy to enlist Bernie is the thing that Margaret Atwood once said men fear from women the most: Laughter. Enough mirthless, contemptuous laughter to fill his entire universe, at the center of which sits a tiny, pusillanimous man with neither the guts nor the know-how to trump a woman.

(AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107430,"Throw out your TV's the disgraced ""Queen of Butter"" has gone digital",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23865,SURPRISE! School District With No Sex-Ed Policy Hit With Chlamydia Outbreak,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93106,"Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) wants the voters of Illinois to think he’s a moderate. But that image of “Kirk the moderate” will come crashing down this Sunday as the Republican senator joins former Bush administration official John Bolton for a big fundraiser just outside Chicago.

Despite the fact that Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) said he’d support Donald Trump if he’s the GOP nominee for president, it generally appears that he wants the voters of Illinois to think he’s a moderate. His planned appearance with John Bolton puts the lie to that image.

It’s surprising that John Bolton was ever a diplomat because he hates the United Nations and war is always his first choice. Bolton helped lead the United States into war in Iraq and remains an unapologetic defender of that decision.

Bolton vigorously opposed the negotiations that eventually led to the historic agreement that prevents Iran from building a nuclear weapon and Bolton has consistently called for war with the Islamic Republic.

Bolton also defended a right-wing conspiracy theory that the Muslim Brotherhood had infiltrated the top levels of the U.S. government.

Do you think any of that is a bit unhinged? Well, Sen. Mark Kirk’s views aren’t far off from Bolton’s.

Like Bolton, Kirk has been a staunch opponent of diplomacy both with Cuba and Iran.

Sanctions on Iran were a key part in bringing Iran to the negotiating table and Kirk’s zeal for sanctions was notable. For example, in late 2011, he said “it’s okay to take the food out of the mouths” of innocent Iranian citizens if it means punishing the Iranian regime with strict sanctions.

Kirk was also a key co-sponsor of an Iran sanctions bill in 2013 that experts and Obama administration officials said would have undermined the fragile nuclear talks with Iran (the bill ended up not moving forward because of Democratic opposition). And the Illinois Republican was a vocal opponent of the eventual agreement, invoking Nazi buzzwords and making the absurd claim that President Obama actually wants Iran to get nuclear weapons.

The Iran nuclear deal blocks Iran from building a nuclear weapon, that’s why non-proliferation experts, retired military, scientists, diplomats, scholars, Iranian dissidents, and the Israeli security establishment support it. In fact, some argue that the deal helped defeat hardliners in Iran’s latest parliamentary elections.

Kirk teaming up with Bolton suggests that another opponent of diplomacy will remain in the Senate should he win re-election this November. And that’s hardly “moderate.”

(AP Photo/Alonzo Adams)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23920,Why It's Getting Worse for SC Gov Nikki Haley,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107310,Battle Between McDonald's and Its Workers Heats Up,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107360,How Does a Bill Become a Law? Trick Question! It Doesn’t.,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93169,"For the second time in three days, the word ‘anointed’ is used by the Sanders campaign principals to describe Hillary Clinton. This is part of a deliberate (and deeply unfortunate) attempt to delegitimize Hillary’s victories.

Jane Sanders on April 28:

I think if he was running against anybody but Hillary Clinton, who was the anointed one, who is the most well-known person that is running for office in this country and in the world. She has a good relationship with the African-American community that goes back decades. So that hurts us, helps her.

Bernie Sanders on May 1:

Of the 719 superdelegates, many of those delegates committed themselves to Secretary Clinton even before we got into this campaign. In other words, way back then she was the anointed candidate.

As we wrote on Friday, Team Sanders has offered every excuse in the book for why Bernie is losing: A primary schedule that front loaded the deep south, voter fraud, superdelegates, super PACs, the DNC, the “establishment,” a rigged system, he wasn’t really trying in some states, because Black voters don’t know what’s best for them, because poor people don’t vote. All of these excuses have been debunked.

The latest excuse is closed primaries—but this, too, has now been discredited. Vox crunched the numbers and it turns out that while Bernie’s fortunes would have been slightly better had Independents been able to participate in the small number of closed primaries so far, he “would have won 41 more delegates than he currently has. Clinton is currently leading Sanders by 293 delegates (without even counting the superdelegates).”

Today, Bernie was still reaching for some way to obfuscate his losses, but his latest attempt to distract from Hillary’s legitimate and impressive campaign instantly fell flat:

Sanders would obviously still trail by a huge margin, even if every super delegate from the states won by him flipped to him — Nate Cohn (@Nate_Cohn) May 1, 2016

This process is unbecoming. Bernie and his campaign shouldn’t try to discredit the first woman with a viable shot at the presidency — especially when she has more votes than anyone in the race.

(AP Photo/Jim Mone)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6838,"It looks like Donald Trump’s relationship with the Bible isn’t so different from his relationships with his supporters: He loves them. For now. Because they can get him closer to what he wants.

While speaking at Liberty University on Monday, Trump attempted to pander to his mostly conservative Christian audience by quoting the Bible.

“We’re going to protect Christianity,” Trump said. “I don’t have to be politically correct. We’re going to protect it.” Trump then added a Bible verse to support his point, a verse he called “Two Corinthians,” which earned some chuckles from the audience.

There’s no such thing as “Two Corinthians.” It’s Second Corinthians. Trump meant this verse: “Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.”

Look, as someone who went through six years of Catholic school and had this stuff drilled into my head, let me just say that this is not some kind of common mistake. This is someone who really, truly doesn’t read the Bible.

This is also not the first time Trump has done this.

Watch Trump fumble around trying to explain why he loves the Bible in a sit-down interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network last September.

He cites a line in Proverbs that says, according to Trump, “Never bend to envy.” Only, no such line appears in Proverbs.

And let us not forget when Sarah Palin defended Donald Trump for not knowing what his favorite Bible verse was last August.

Performance art, truly.

Of course, Trump doesn’t actually care about the Bible. Something tells me he’d just as soon make a deal with the devil if it could win him the presidency. He just knows that the base he’s trying to attract cares about the Bible.

And for someone who claims to care about Christianity, he sure is breaking the Christian God’s commandment: “Thou shalt not tell a lie.” In Catholic school, you learn that one in the first grade.

But if Trump is looking for an actual Bible verse to contemplate, I’ve got one here: Matthew 19:24 — “It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.”",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23745,"Anyone who calls it out knows this: Sexism is the thing that shall not be named in 2016. I encountered that unspoken rule today.

After seeing an exchange between a CNN reporter and Donald Trump’s campaign manager about Hillary not doing a press conference, I tweeted the following:

Make no mistake: the media's obsession with forcing a #Hillary press conference is ALL ABOUT HER GENDER. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) August 28, 2016

When the national media obsessively and furiously ask #Trump to release tax returns, then we can take gender out of the #Hillary equation. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) August 28, 2016

The initial tweet met with instant criticism from a number of male reporters at prominent outlets, including the Washington Post, NY Times, Slate, Vox, and BuzzFeed, among others.

Apparently, identifying the double standard against Hillary as gender-based is frowned upon in the elite (male) press.

That’s not surprising. Institutional gender bias is an accepted way of doing business, a prism through which the establishment sees the world.

“Of course there’s no institutional gender bias against Hillary” say the denizens of an institution (the media) that has helped block a woman from the White House for 227 years.

I’m not accusing individual reporters of sexism or misogyny. Far from it. Many of them are my friends and they are well-meaning and hard-working people. I’m talking about the national media’s collective behavior, the mindset that allows for lopsided reporting like nothing we’ve ever seen.

And I’m not saying that asking Hillary to do a press conference is inherently gender-based. What I’m calling out is an unacceptable double standard: No other candidate gets the kind of obsessive, relentless, disdainful and disrespectful coverage than Hillary.

I’ve chronicled the national media’s mistreatment of Hillary in painful detail since the start of the campaign. My team at BNR did the research and found that Hillary’s emails have been covered, often multiple times a day in major outlets, every single day for the past year.

Meanwhile, just weeks after Trump called for Hillary’s assassination and labeled President Obama the “founder of ISIS,” those stories have faded into oblivion.

Which suggests we’re supposed to believe that Hillary doing a presser is more newsworthy, more deserving of media opprobrium, than Trump’s incitement to violence.

These are only three possible explanations for this egregious double standard:

The media want to elect Trump The media want to undermine Hillary The female candidate is held to a different standard

Pick your poison.

To those who jumped down my throat for speaking the truth as I see it: Go ahead and suggest another explanation for Hillary not doing a press conference being worthy of more attention and greater disapproval than Trump’s utter lack of transparency. And instead of scoffing at what I said, offer a concrete rebuttal of my tweet. So far, no one has done so.

Look, there’s a reason no woman has ever achieved what Hillary Clinton is in the process of achieving: Women are treated differently. Unjustly.

Which is why I said this and will say it again:

Institutional gender bias is the reason NO WOMAN HAS EVER BEEN ELECTED POTUS. I'll proudly tell that truth while others bash me for it. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) August 28, 2016

NOTE TO MEDIA INSIDERS: I'm not remotely interested in your approval. Bash me all you want. I'll call out gender bias every time I see it. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) August 28, 2016

The ONLY approval I seek in my unwavering advocacy for #Hillary is from the women and girls in my family whose future depends on it. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) August 28, 2016

And I mean that from the bottom of my heart.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13657,Nobody Likes A Quitter: Jim Tracy Goes Out With A Graceful Whimper,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13574,Missouri Lt. Gov Suggests Obama Was Behind Slow National Guard Deployment in Ferguson,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
9859,"Rachel Maddow, who has clearly been an admirer of the Sanders campaign, demonstrates her intellectual honesty and integrity with a lengthy analysis of Bernie’s dwindling chances.



This is a must-watch from Maddow:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
1823,"CNN has reportedly hired ousted and disgraced Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski “as a political commentator, according to a source familiar with the arrangement. It’s a salaried position and will make Lewandowski exclusive to CNN, effective immediately.” This is extremely irresponsible.

CNN’s decision is particularly objectionable given that Corey Lewandowski was charged with assaulting a female reporter (the charges were later dropped) and has a reputation for harassing female reporters and staffers. If I were a woman working at CNN right now, I’d be very angry about CNN’s apparent indifference to his treatment of women.

But, beyond that, Lewandowski’s hiring is indicative of broader problems in cable news.

First: The drivers of political news are already overwhelmingly white, conservative, and male. Hiring Lewandowski – who is himself white, conservative, and male – more deeply entrenches that existing problem.

Secondly: Cable news is absurdly welcoming to rightwing extremists like Lewandowski.

The classic example is Ann Coulter – and she’s the classic example for a reason. Among other things, Coulter has said that a baseball bat is “the most effective way” to talk to liberals; that we need to “execute people like John Walker in order to physically intimidate liberals, by making them realize that they can be killed, too”; that 9/11 widows were “enjoying their husbands’ death”; that her “only regret with Timothy McVeigh is he did not go to the New York Times Building”; and that, regarding President Bill Clinton, there should only have been “debates only about whether to impeach or assassinate.”

Despite her incessant disgorgements of eliminationist rhetoric about liberals, Coulter remains a mainstay on cable news (in addition to appearances she’s made on The Tonight Show, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, The Daily Show, and Real Time with Bill Maher, in addition to a co-hosting gig on The View).

Conservative firebrand Hugh Hewitt hasn’t made a habit of using violent imagery like Coulter, but the syndicated radio host – who also writes for the extremist site Townhall, and whose latest book is entitled The Queen: The Epic Ambition of Hillary and the Coming of a Second Clinton Era (notably disappointing for his inability to squeeze any more sexist narratives into a single book title) – isn’t merely a guest on cable news, either. He’s been elevated to moderating presidential debates.

Lewandowski will definitely be in familiar company.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79410,"The older women who support Hillary are enthusiastic for her for all the reasons anyone else is—and for the special and meaningful reason that she validates their lives and has a voice that often goes unheard.

Two of the major storylines of this election have been that there is an “enthusiasm gap” for Hillary Clinton, and that millennials aren’t supporting her.

These two narratives are, of course, inextricably linked. They are also both wrong: Hillary has already garnered more than twelve million votes from enthusiastic supporters, and lots of millennial voters—especially female and non-white voters—are among them.

It’s important to note that there are lots of young people who are enthusiastically supporting Hillary, both to contradict deceptive media narratives and to visibilize the millennials who are not young white men.

But it’s also important to acknowledge Hillary’s commanding victories with older women—especially black women.

Older women occupy a very particular space in our culture—a space frequently defined by an abandonment of listening. Rather than valuing the lived experiences of older women, and the wisdom those lives have imparted, we turn away from them, dismissing them as irrelevant; we neglect to listen, just at the moment where they may offer insights most profoundly worth listening to.

In her beautiful essay, “Listening to Old Women,” Soraya Chemaly observes: “One day last year, I was thinking about the erasure of aging women in our culture and searched for the term ‘venerable women.’ I was curious about what images of wise and respected women the world produces. Google’s seemingly baffled autocorrect responded, tellingly: ‘Do you mean venerable men or vulnerable women?'”

We cast older women aside—and with them, their voices.

So it doesn’t surprise me that there hasn’t been much interest in exploring older women’s support for Hillary, or what it might signify to them.

Women, of course, are not a monolith. Not all women support Hillary, and not all women who do support her do so for the same reasons.

But among the older women who support Hillary—and, depending on your own age, you may count my nearly 41-year-old self among them—are lots and lots of women who see in Hillary Clinton a direct challenge to the habit of tossing away older women, like so much useless rubbish.

Hillary has a voice. And people listen to it. She has experience, which people respect. She has knowledge, and it is widely valued.

This is not the typical experience of older women, who are devalued at the intersection of misogyny and ageism—and whatever other parts of their identity (race, disability, body size, sexuality, gender) are used to devalue us, too.

Witnessing Hillary, an older woman, fight her way to get into the most exclusive boys’ club on the planet, and seeing her succeed, inching ever closer, is exciting. And more than that: It’s validating.

Because older women know they have value. It’s everyone else who seems to disagree.

Ginger McKnight-Chavers, a Generation X Black woman who’s a Texas transplant to New York City, a Harvard-educated lawyer, and one of my colleagues at BNR, described her own experiences thus: “Most women of a certain age like myself have experienced being dismissed, unheard, talked over, passed over, undervalued, and underpaid for our hard work. We know what it’s like for people to equate a pleasant demeanor with passivity, and a strong opinion with, well, you know… And then when we reach a certain age, we become forgotten. Without our youth and beauty, we become invisible.”

In Hillary, she sees both validation of those past experiences and validation of her present self: “For a mature woman of strength and intelligence to rise to represent and embody the voice of our nation would certainly be inspirational to younger generations of women in ways they may not even imagine. But for more mature women, it would be transcendent. It would bring our voices out of the shadows and in some ways validate that our struggles have been worth it.”

Naomi, a 40-something white academic in a red state, agrees: “As I enter my mid-40s, as my time as a ‘young’ woman is at an end, I am so inspired by Hillary Clinton’s determination to keep bringing change into a world that’s been yelling at her for nearly 35 years to pack it in and go home. She hasn’t—instead she’s chosen to continue her life of public service, proving every one of those haters wrong.”

She, too, is validated by Hillary’s candidacy: “When I see Hillary Clinton in the fight, I see myself, or, at least, what I’d wish myself to be. When I hear her opponent say that she’s ‘not qualified,’ I feel like I’m sitting in a faculty meeting listening to men dismiss my older female colleagues, those women of weighty CVs and considerable experience, for…reasons. Not good reasons, ever. Just reasons.”

Catherine Cook, 45, a white woman living in Austin, Texas, expresses similar sentiments about the importance of Hillary’s candidacy to her: “It honestly means so much to me to see and support Hillary Clinton in her campaign for the presidency of the United States. I never imagined that in my lifetime I would see a woman president, and I now truly believe that I will. I’ve never before felt so personally connected to a presidential candidate or felt that a candidate represented my voice, my concerns, my issues, so comprehensively and so well. I’ve long been a supporter of Hillary Clinton, and the more I’ve seen of her presidential campaign, the more my admiration for her has grown. She’s been an important, inspirational force in my life and her candidacy has been and continues to be a tremendous step forward for women in US politics.”

On a grand and very visible scale, Hillary is living out the lives of women of her cohort (and younger). We can see her obliged to navigate the same sort of oppression and sneering and resistance that we experience every day. We know she has navigated it for decades. She can’t walk away from it, unless her path is to her bed with the covers drawn over her head, any more than the rest of us can. It is the cost of our womanhood.

And by simply refusing to go away, no matter how many times she’s been defeated or faced setbacks, Hillary stands to win the presidency as an older woman. She stands to be one of the most important people on the planet at an age when most women are struggling to be heard, to be seen.

That is deeply moving to a lot of older women, even when they can’t begin to articulate what, exactly, it is that swells in their chests when they see her win another primary, listen to her give another speech with a voice cracking from overuse.

It’s the pleasure of an older woman being heard. It’s the heartbreak of knowing how rare it is. It’s the fear that she might not win. It’s the thrill that she could.

It’s seeing someone who has experienced some of the same things you have—some of the things that have defined you, in the best and worst ways—on the verge of the US presidency.

There are a whole lot of women who are enthusiastic about that.

If the media haven’t noticed, it’s possibly because this isn’t the easiest thing for women to talk about. It’s not easy for older women to articulate their feelings about being treated as though they are irrelevant; it’s not easy to talk about being validated by seeing a woman reach for the presidency.

It’s difficult, because it leaves you vulnerable. And because it elicits the familiar refrain of voting for Hillary just because she’s a woman—and because you are.

As if voting for someone to make history isn’t a valid reason to vote for them.

Many of us, when we assess candidates, search them to find pieces of ourselves.

There are so many women who see in Hillary some piece of themselves. Some part of their own experience. They support her with enthusiasm, with hope, and with gratitude for making herself heard, for demanding that people pay attention.

(Photos: Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107225,Did President Clinton Just Let the Cat Outta the Bag About Hillary's Campaign?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93188,"Newt Gingrich is one of the many Republicans who are trying to thread an unthreadable needle, by supporting their nominee Donald Trump while condemning his racism and incompetence. In his latest attempt to find his way through the eye, Gingrich damns Donald with the faintest of praise.

Totally misleading report about my talk at Bio this morning. In 90 minute dialogue made clear Trump is learning, a gifted amateur, will win — Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) June 8, 2016

A couple of observations here:

First, calling someone an amateur isn’t a compliment, even if you stick “gifted” in front of it. Just ask Donald himself, who uses it to insult President Obama.

Secondly, Gingrich’s suggestion that Donald is an “amateur” who “is learning” hardly speaks to Donald’s qualifications. The U.S. presidency is not a job for amateurs.

It’s truly terrifying, and contemptible, the number of Republicans who are willing to throw their support behind a candidate whom they know to be unfit to run the country, just because he’s got an “R” after his name on the ballot.

Gingrich should hardly be citing Donald’s amateurish behavior in defense of his endorsement. It’s the very reason he never should have endorsed him in the first place — or angled for a slot on the ticket, no less.

There’s nothing wrong with being an amateur politician; everyone has to get their start somewhere. But the place to be an amateur is most certainly not in the race for the presidency.

Professionals only, please.

(AP Photo/Seth Wenig)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107138,I Ranked the Stupid Stuff Jeb Bush Is Selling On His Stupid Website,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23864,What This NC State Rep Said About Women's Bodies Is Beyond Twisted,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107403,Florida GOP Chair Cuts Off Kid in the Middle of His Pro-Gay Speech,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93166,"The Democratic National Convention is doing more than highlighting how much better the country could be under Hillary Clinton and Democratic control. It’s also putting faces to the egregious neglect and horror of the NRA’s control over the Republican Party.

This is not something that should have to be part of any presidential convention. But it has to be, when the NRA holds so much sway over the Republican Party.

The third day of the Democratic National Convention took a poignant turn when the families of victims of gun violence took to the stage, one by one, showing the dignity and grace of survivors in a country held hostage to the cowardice of Republican politicians.

Erica Smegielski, daughter of the Sandy Hook principal Dawn Hochsprung:

Daughter of Sandy Hook victim: ""I should not be here tonight. I don't want to be here tonight"" #DemsInPhilly https://t.co/hdJc08CrpB — CNN (@CNN) July 28, 2016

Charles Ramsey, former Philadelphia Police Commissioner:

Fmr. Philly Police Commissioner on tension between communities, police: ""We can't play to America's worst fears"" https://t.co/xV3R39qyq0 — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) July 28, 2016

Felicia Sanders & Polly Sheppard, survivors of the Mother Emanuel shooting in Charleston:

""I refuse to let it destroy me."" Survivors of Charleston shootings speaking now at #DemsInPhilly pic.twitter.com/tXgPF8gSPv — Erica Zucco (@ericazucco) July 28, 2016

Actress Angela Bassett, reading the names of the Charleston victims:

“We say their names, but that is not enough” —@ImAngelaBassett on the victims of gun violence https://t.co/5baWnDLqbj — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 28, 2016

Former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords:

""Speaking is difficult for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —@GabbyGiffords https://t.co/StCmJArarq — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 28, 2016

Giffords’ husband and fellow gun control activist, Mark Kelly:

Capt. Mark Kelly: Hillary Clinton is ready to take on gun violence https://t.co/QR3pdmq9Lm #DemsInPhilly https://t.co/adlVZNoeCJ — CNN (@CNN) July 28, 2016

Sen. Chris Murphy:

Sen. Chris Murphy: The Republican Congress has done nothing to prevent the next massacre https://t.co/QR3pdmq9Lm https://t.co/Dgp44Osjpx — CNN (@CNN) July 28, 2016

Chris Murphy's pain and frustration at the lack of meaningful gun reform is palpable. — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) July 27, 2016

Christine Leinonen, mother of Christopher “Drew” Leinonen, killed in the Orlando attack, with survivors Brandon Wolf and Jose Arraigada:

Mother of Orlando victim: ""When I went into labor, the hospital put my off-duty gun in a safe. I didn't argue"" https://t.co/CUpxAK380s — CNN (@CNN) July 28, 2016

The list could go on and on and on. They are the faces ignored by the GOP. They are the faces that the NRA warns not to “politicize.” They are the faces of Americans touched by gun violence who will not be silenced.

Remember when the Democratic Party stopped pushing for gun control because they believed it was a political liability? Those days are over. — David M. Drucker (@DavidMDrucker) July 27, 2016

[Susan Madrak contributed to this article.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107159,The Days of Slapping Execs On the Wrist For Company Crimes May Be Over,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107237,#OtisByrd Laid To Rest In Mississippi; Investigation Into Hanging Death Continues,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93098,"Senator Richard Burr falsely claims that North Carolina’s anti-LGBT law is not discriminatory.



Last week we told you about North Carolina’s HB2, a law which moved through the State House and onto the governor’s desk with incredible speed. HB2 forbids trans people from using the bathroom that corresponds with their gender in multi-person government bathrooms unless they manage to change the biological sex listed on their birth certificate.

At the time, we told you that Senator Richard Burr was “conspicuously silent” on the law — which has been called “shameful,” the “most anti-LGBT bill in the country,” and stands to cost the state a lot of money.

Well, not anymore. Sen. Burr spoke to ABC11 in Raleigh, North Carolina, on Tuesday and incredibly, claimed that the law doesn’t discriminate.

Burr is just plain wrong. The law, which Governor McCrory admitted was passed to stop Charlotte’s recently enacted LGBT law from going into effect, may nullify sexual orientation and gender identity protections that at least 14 other city and county governments have passed. Additionally, it stops workers who are fired for discriminatory reasons to sue their former employers in state court, a move that might discourage such lawsuits and make it easier for companies to discriminate.

Burr’s opponent, Deborah Ross, came out strongly against the law, saying that “North Carolinians need leaders that will stand up for them, in Raleigh and in Washington… Discrimination in any form is wrong. North Carolina is better than this.”

North Carolina’s attorney general, who is running against McCrory, has said he won’t defend the law, and described it as a “national embarrassment.”

More than 80 business leaders and CEOs have condemned the law as bad for business and bad for North Carolina, including Dow Chemical, IBM, American Airlines, Airbnb, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Marriott, the NBA, and the NCAA. Several public officials have also said that they are banning non-essential travel to the state, including the mayors of Chicago, New York City, Seattle and San Francisco, and the governors of New York, Vermont, and Washington.

Still, Burr has decided to stand with North Carolina Republicans in support of bigotry and against the state’s best interests. And the fact that he’s pretending HB2 is not a discriminatory bill suggests he fears North Carolinians will notice he’s working against their interests in support of his party’s extremist agenda.

(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6852,"Did Bernie Sanders win the Latino vote in Nevada? If you trusted the national media, you’d certainly arrive at that conclusion.

The NY Times, Washington Post, and NPR are among those continuing to run with highly questionable entrance poll results.

Here’s what we actually know, starting with Nate Cohn, who “covers elections, polling and demographics for The Upshot, a Times politics and policy site.”

Based on the results in Clark, the precincts in ELV, and the overall entrance poll error, I do not believe Sanders won the Hispanic vote. — Nate Cohn (@Nate_Cohn) February 20, 2016

Nate Silver:

We share @nate_cohn skepticism about entrance poll finding that Clinton lost Hispanics in Nevada. https://t.co/sRo8eiRPuM — Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) February 20, 2016

Maggie Haberman:

Clinton probably won Hispanics in NV … https://t.co/kseuZL9RTo — AWomanCalledHaberman (@maggieNYT) February 21, 2016

Dara Lind at Vox:

An early wave of entrance polling showed Sanders beating Clinton by 11 points with Latinos. A later wave showed him winning by 8. What really happened? We might not ever know for sure. But if you look at the possible scenarios — and at the entrance and exit polls’ record with Latinos — the most plausible conclusion is that the entrance polls didn’t correctly predict Nevada’s Latino vote.

Lind continues:

What we do know of the official voting results — broken down by caucus site and by region — indicates that Hillary Clinton won the parts of Nevada that are most heavily Latino.

Even the NY Times undermines its own front page assertion:

According to entrance polls by Edison Research, [Sanders] was ahead of Mrs. Clinton among Hispanics. These numbers may not reflect the final vote tally, however, because Mrs. Clinton was performing strongly in heavily Hispanic neighborhoods around Clark County, which encompasses Las Vegas. Mrs. Clinton won 60 percent of the delegates in the 22 Latino-majority precincts that had reported results on Saturday night, according to her campaign aides.

And NBC provides context:

Francisco Pedraza, an assistant professor of political science at Texas A&M University said it’s likely that the exit polls are overstating the vote for Bernie Sanders. “This is a perennial problem election cycle after cycle. In my research, I find that exit polls have a real discrepancy in representativeness of the overall look of Latino voters”, said Pedraza.

In response to an official release from the Sanders camp touting the questionable entrance poll, the Clinton team didn’t mince words:

I don't typically like to swear on Twitter, but by all accounts so far this is complete and utter bullshit. pic.twitter.com/LDwMQUaF5o — Nick Merrill (@NickMerrill) February 21, 2016

UPDATE: In Nevada's Latino-majority precincts, Clinton won 207 delegates and Sanders won just 130. Proves entrance polls were wrong. — Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) February 21, 2016

So why would major media publications confidently assert to their readers that Bernie won the Latino vote?

Double standards, that’s why.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93153,"On an average day, hundreds of people I’ve never met take it upon themselves to attack me in the most personal terms. They do it for one reason: my unabashed and unequivocal advocacy on behalf of Hillary Clinton.

In 15 years of doing politics and speaking up about issues I care about, I’ve tried to remain respectful and factual, to consider the value of my adversaries’ views, to avoid attacking them personally. I’ve tried to adhere to issues and to avoid the trap of rhetoric for rhetoric’s sake.

Like so many people, I was raised to value integrity and respect and I’ve worked tirelessly to earn the respect of those I agree with – and those I disagree with. I’ve engaged in verbal battles on a wide range of issues, but never has my integrity been called into question the way it has in the 2016 cycle, where I’ve taken an unshakable stand in support of Hillary’s candidacy and against the vicious lies and smears directed at her.

Individuals on the right and left who know little or nothing about me have used the most demeaning and degrading language to describe my advocacy for Hillary, and they often do so without any reference to the actual substance of what I say, but simply because I say it.

I’ve survived a real war of bombs and bullets, so a war of words doesn’t faze me. I know who I am and my friends and family know it too. That’s not to say it doesn’t matter. It matters to me because I know other Hillary supporters are subjected to verbal abuse and they may be less prepared to handle it.

I’ve dedicated my political career to fighting inequality and injustice. I started as a progressive activist and made the decision to try to bring about change within the Democratic Party instead of outside of it. When I began working for John Kerry’s presidential campaign in 2004, I was the “netroots guy,” part of the first wave of progressive bloggers who embraced online activism.

I befriended (and in many cases worked with) activists like Glenn Greenwald, Heather “Digby” Parton, Susie Madrak, Pam Spaulding, John Amato, Jane Hamsher, Marcy Wheeler, Natasha Chart, Steve Gilliard, Jerome Armstrong, Armando Llorens, Chris Bowers, Matt Stoller, Josh Marshall, Oliver Willis, Jessica Valenti and so many others. The values and principles that brought us together a dozen years ago remain the same today and I see my defense of Hillary as a natural progression from those early days.

As I see it, there is no half-hearted defense of women’s rights. You either stand up for what you believe in or you don’t. In the case of the vitriol directed at Hillary — so much of it gender-based — I try to imagine my daughter, sister, wife or mother in Hillary’s position and ask myself what I’d do if they were subjected to the same venomous slander, the same unhinged, unprovoked and unwarranted scorn, the same double standard. The answer is clear.

Contrary to the straw man I’m confronted with daily, this is not about issues and not about overwrought accusations of sexism. I have absolutely no problem with people vehemently disagreeing with Hillary’s positions. I disagree with her on several things, from her AUMF vote to drones to fracking. I was upset by her comment on Nancy Reagan and AIDS and I’m glad she apologized for it. She is by no means perfect. No one is.

But I won’t let the perfect be the enemy of the exceptional. And make no mistake, Hillary is an exceptional human being and an exceptional candidate. She is by far the best positioned in this race to advance the progressive agenda and she is nothing like the caricature painted of her.

I find it mystifying when people imply that I overdo my support for her. How many times in my life will I have the opportunity to help elect the first woman president in American history? How much is too much when you’re defending someone’s integrity from unfair and unjust attacks? Someone you know and have worked for, someone you admire and respect.

I won’t back down because I’m attacked for defending Hillary. She is never intimidated by the invective and vilification and neither am I. She pushes through it and perseveres. It’s why conservative billionaires are spending hundreds of millions of dollars to take her down.

And there’s much more to this for me than just Hillary Clinton and the gender barrier. I saw the right savage John Kerry’s character with the help of the corporate media, and I vowed I wouldn’t let that happen again without fighting back. If you see a relative, friend or colleague’s honesty and motives under assault, you stand up and defend them.

I know I’ll keep taking heat from those who don’t share or understand my unwavering stance in support of Hillary. And I know Bernie fans will continue accusing me of being unfair to him. That’s their prerogative, but I respectfully disagree with their assessment.

I’ve always liked Bernie Sanders and I love the energy he’s brought to the 2016 election. He speaks for values I’ve held dear and he raises issues that matter deeply to me. I’ve praised him repeatedly over the course of the past year.

My fundamental critique of Bernie is that he veered from a pure issue contrast to a direct attack on Hillary’s integrity, which I believe is extremely detrimental to the progressive cause and to our capacity to stop the likes of Cruz and Trump. I’ve never gone after Bernie in purely personal terms and I never will, but I will point to areas where his actions undercut his words. And I do so only because he and his campaign surrogates continue their “artful smear” against Hillary.

Ultimately, this primary season will come to an end and the general election will come and go. Time passes and the only thing we’re left with is the results of our judgments, decisions and actions. I’ll never feel apologetic for my strong advocacy on behalf of Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.

And judging from the 140,000+ shares on this piece about Hillary’s true character, and from the countless individuals like John Lewis, Morgan Freeman, Jim Clyburn, Dolores Huerta, and President Obama who trust her, I’m not alone.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107309,Justin Timberlake: 'My Mother Taught Me That Being Different was a Good Thing',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93146,"Donald Trump stands to be the most unpopular presidential candidate since that metric has been tracked, and with good reason: He is an inveterate bigot who insults women and fundamentally lacks the temperament and experience to be president. And yet he gets less negative coverage than Hillary Clinton, one of the most admired women in the world.

This is not a story about the issues: It is clear, if you are a liberal, that Hillary Clinton’s record and proposals are superior to Donald Trump’s in every conceivable way. This is also not an argument that Hillary is above criticism. This is a piece about double standards, priorities, and how we value women.

Hillary has, for decades, been subjected to all manner of attacks from a media who believe she doesn’t belong. They started while she was a popular First Lady, continued while she was a popular senator, increased while she was a popular presidential runner-up, persisted while she was a popular Secretary of State, and have reached a crescendo yet again while she fights her way to the Democratic nomination.

Around the world, Hillary is admired and respected. At home, she is winning, despite the onslaught. Her supporters are enthusiastic, and Democratic voters say she has energized the party.

And still: There have been more negative stories about her in the corporate media than there have been about Donald Trump.

Even though Trump has run a disgraceful campaign centered on sexism, racism, and xenophobia—whose very campaign tagline, “Make America Great Again,” is a dogwhistle to those who hearken back to the imbalances and injustices of previous eras.

What does it say about this country, and how we value women, that the first woman with a legitimate shot at the US presidency gets more negative coverage than a man who trades in misogyny?

If you’ve been paying attention to corporate media, you can probably name all the figures, employed by major media outlets, who have a clear vendetta against Hillary—who traffic in overtly sexist tropes and language about her voice, her “cackle,” her desire to be “queen.”

And if you’ve been paying really close attention, you can probably name dozens more who make some attempt at being credible, but repeat demonstrably false narratives about “enthusiasm gaps” and coded personal attacks about “Wall Street transcripts,” as if these are objective truths.

By comparison, there aren’t a lot of prominent media figures with a similar vendetta against Trump. (With the possible exception of some employees of Fox News, of all places.) The media report his many egregious pronouncements, but, given that he says objectionable things explicitly to appeal to his base and draw media attention, they’re essentially doing his bidding.

He doesn’t have enemies in the press. Not the way Hillary does.

And no wonder—since he’s self-evidently awful, but people need to be convinced that Hillary is the monster the media purports her to be.

Trump is a man who has called an entire group of people rapists, who wants to build walls and barriers between people, who supports nuclear weapons proliferation, who has threatened to commit war crimes if elected president. And it is Hillary Clinton, a woman who has dedicated her career to improving the lot of women and children and breaking down systems of oppression, who gets the most negative coverage.

I am very angry about that. And you should be, too.

Defenders of this onslaught argue that it’s not because Hillary is a woman, but because she is Hillary Clinton and supposedly uniquely unlikable. This, dear readers, is horse puckey. If it were any other woman, she would be subjected to the same deplorable treatment—because women are always more “likable” until we decide to take up more space.

I am angry about the treatment of Hillary as an individual, based on her personal history and proposed platform. And I am angry about the treatment of Hillary as the first woman with a real shot at the US presidency.

I am angry about an esteemed woman who wants to make the world a better place being treated with more disdain from our national press than a wreck of a man who wants nothing more for the world than to be the one who helps destroy it for his own glorification.

And I am angry because this is an indication of how we treat women as a culture. Hillary is arguably the most accomplished woman on the planet, and if this is how she is regarded, if this is the ignominy to which she is subjected, what hope is there for the rest of us?

I refuse to abide this contemptible double standard without comment, without visible anger. Because somewhere, right now, is a little girl who doesn’t have Hillary’s immense profile. Somewhere, a little girl with darker skin, or who loves other little girls, or who has a disability, is watching this unfold. And she is calculating what it would mean to navigate what Hillary is navigating—plus the additional oppressions she would be required to bear.

I want that little girl, if she runs for president someday, to be elected—or not elected—on the merits, not because the media decide to write more negative stories about her than some jerk who wants to carpet-bomb whatever country is de rigeur to hate at that point in history.

I want the same for Hillary. And I am angry that this is not the case.

But it doesn’t have to be this way. Come the general election, the media have a choice about what shape their coverage will take. I certainly hope, for both decency and this nation’s future, they make the right one.

(Photo: Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93155,"A persistent narrative through this primary season has been Hillary Clinton’s alleged weakness among millennial voters, even though that narrative is based on ignoring black millennials. But a recent Harvard Institute of Politics poll finds she has a commanding lead moving into the general election.

Clinton's millennial troubles disappear if she faces Trump in the general, 61% to 25% in new @HarvardIOP poll https://t.co/PuiyqMQima — Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) April 25, 2016

Harvard IOP reports:

A new national poll of America’s 18- to 29-year-olds by Harvard’s Institute of Politics (IOP), located at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, finds Hillary Clinton the clear front-runner over Donald Trump to win the White House in 2016. Among likely voters, Clinton has 61% of young voters and Trump 25%, with 14% of likely young voters unsure.

This is a remarkable finding, which clearly demonstrates that whatever deficit Hillary is supposed to have with younger voters absolutely disappears once she becomes her party’s nominee and faces a Republican opponent.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93179,"Donald Trump has no clue what he’s in for in a general election. For the first time, he’s facing a real opponent in Hillary Clinton. Not to mention her Democratic allies like Elizabeth Warren.

From the Boston Globe:

Senator Elizabeth Warren says Donald Trump’s latest critique of Hillary Clinton shows his weakness — not to mention his sexism. “Donald Trump clearly feels threatened by Secretary Clinton’s qualifications to be president so he’s attacking Hillary Clinton for being a woman,” Warren said in a telephone interview with the Globe. “That’s what weak men do. It is an old story, and I don’t think the American voters will fall for it.”

Oh Trump, get ready. This is just the beginning.

(AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107235,Lawmaker: If There Are Witnesses to Rape Then it Was a ‘Really Great Party’,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13600,Scott Brown Failed. Now He’s Got a New Gig — Exactly Where You Think It Is,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93082,"The staggering fact that Bernie’s campaign spent $$46 million in March — everything they raised — brings up an interesting question: At this burn rate, could his campaign end up with cash problems?

The latest Franklin & Marshall poll in Pennsylvania shows Hillary with a double digit lead over Bernie. In New York, she defeated him by a big margin despite being outspent by $$3 million.

As Bernie’s path to the nomination narrows to the point of mathematical impossibility, he’ll likely face a drop-off in contributions. There is some anecdotal evidence of a dip in energy:

@AlGiordano On Apr 14, BerniePB callers made 240k calls to NY and 35k to PA. PA today? 945. Yesterday's overall goal was 40k; they hit 12k. — Portia Veritas (@scribunda) April 22, 2016

According to FEC reports, Bernie has $$17 million cash on hand, which seems like a substantial sum until you realize Hillary has $$29 million and is operating at a lower burn rate.

If Bernie’s fundraising drops off in April because of his decisive defeat in New York and if he continues outspending Hillary by 2-1 in an attempt to close the delegate gap, it is not inconceivable that his vaunted fundraising prowess will meet the inexorable reality of cash flow: If you spend more than you make, you’ll eventually run out of money.

The idea that Bernie might spend more than he raised has precedent. Politico analyzed Bernie’s expenditures and noted that in January, “his campaign raised $$20 million while spending $$32.4 million.”

By the end of February, [Bob] Shrum noted, it was no surprise that Sanders finished the month with less cash on hand than Clinton despite having raised more: He’s using his bank account to try to catch up.

And on a side note, Tad Devine, who has been impugning Hillary’s integrity on Wall Street speeches, seems to be making out quite well:

FEC quarterlies are out. $$2.2 million to Tad Devine & company. That's a lot of $$27s!https://t.co/RJfxaJ07cQ pic.twitter.com/pcD6RnrnGl — Al Giordano (@AlGiordano) April 21, 2016

[Susan Madrak contributed to this article]

(AP Photo/Mel Evans)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13631,Jimmy's Joint: It's Time To Talk About Rape,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107370,Will You Be Getting The “Buy Partisan” App On Your iPhone 6?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13617,Pope Francis to Make First US Visit Next September,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93086,"The new conventional wisdom about Hillary’s 10.4 million voters is that they don’t represent the future of the Democratic Party the way Bernie’s supporters do. The reality couldn’t be more different – her broad coalition of support from women and communities of color makes her the candidate who reflects the demographics of the Democratic Party – and America.

The media script goes something like this: Bernie’s revolution is the future. He’s got the support of young people – the people who will reshape America as we know it, changing the political system as they go.

Except, that’s just not how it works.

As a young non-white person in the LGBT community, I’ve struggled to reconcile Bernie’s “revolution” with Bernie’s narrow coalition. I fail to see how revolution is possible through a movement that lacks significant representation from communities who need change the most.

These communities, by the way, are putting their support behind Hillary in staggering numbers. She’s not winning these communities because they are “southern.” She’s not winning them because they are “conservative.” She’s not winning them because Bernie “pushed her to the left.” She’s winning them because these communities trust her.

That’s nothing new. She has always appealed to a diverse base, and she has always been progressive. It might surprise some young people to learn that Hillary has a long history of sticking her neck out to stand up for progressive values and specifically for women and children. The OnTheIssues.org scale ranks her as liberal as Elizabeth Warren.

This is why the wrongheaded narrative that Bernie is pushing her to the left is so frustrating to me. Hillary has always been Hillary, and her success among historically marginalized groups speaks to her career as a champion for progressive values. These are the groups that make up her coalition, and they look like America’s future.

In the crowds standing behind Hillary, I see people who look like me, and I can do so without straining my eyes. That’s exciting to me. That’s what I want tomorrow’s America to look like – a place where, no matter where you come from or who you are, there is a spot for you. At a time where bigotry is on the rise, that’s radical.

In fact, that’s revolutionary.

(Photo: Barbara Kinney for Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13632,THANK YOU to These Businesses Who Are Letting Workers be with Family on Thanksgiving,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13626,The US Government Just Spent $55 million on 68 Million Pounds of Cranberries,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107325,"Judge to Sheriff Joe Arpaio: You, Not Taxpayers, Will Pay for Your Mistakes",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107302,Here's What BNR Readers Had to Say About the Democratic Debate,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107271,The Grim Reality of McDonald's That Will Make You Never Want to Eat There Again,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107131,UPDATED – ISIS’s Social Media Campaign Of Terror Threatens US Mall on Twitter,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13628,This Is What Walmart's Version of Charity Looks Like,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13592,Congress Works on Hundreds of Bills Every Year. Pay Attention to This One,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23899,Could This Battery Get Us Off Fossil Fuels?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13598,Woman Accidentally Shoots Self With Gun Purchased to Protect Her From Ferguson Riots,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93092,"Katie McGinty is looking to make history in the fall. The former environmental adviser to President Clinton and chief of staff to PA Governor Tom Wolf is running to unseat Pat Toomey and become Pennsylvania’s first female senator.

In an interview with Pittsburgh’s Action News 4 on Friday, McGinty spoke about her excitement at the prospect of making Pennsylvania history.

McGinty should be excited — we all should. In 2012, the number of women in the Senate reached a record high, 20 out of 100. While that doesn’t exactly make the Senate a bastion of gender equality, even that small improvement has made a difference.

In 2013, it was the women of the Senate who led the effort to reopen the government following the shutdown. While Ted Cruz was reading Green Eggs and Ham on the floor to filibuster Obamacare, the women of the Senate were leading a bipartisan group to do the people’s business, leading John McCain to joke that “the women are taking over.”

And thank goodness. As Senator Susan Collins said of the struggle to come to agreement on the budget in 2012, “I think if we [women] were in charge of the Senate and of the administration, we would have a budget deal by now,” adding, “with all deference to our male colleagues, women’s styles tend to be more collaborative.” Sen. Claire McCaskill agreed: “By nature we are less confrontational and more collaborative,” McCaskill said. “Not only do we want to work in a bipartisan way, we do it.”

McGinty, the ninth of ten children, was the first person in her family to go to college. Now, as an executive who has run a $$100 million business and a public servant who has run a major White House office, she has focused her campaign on supporting working families. Her message has resonated, with endorsements from EMILY’s List, Sen. Bob Casey, President Obama, and Vice President Biden. She is supported by senators like Kirsten Gillibrand and Jeanne Shaheen, who said, “Katie’s spent more than 20 years shattering glass ceilings.”

We’re all for that. With Hillary Clinton on track to win the Democratic nomination, 2016 is shaping up to be a year of shattering glass ceilings at every level.

(AP Photo/Matt Slocum)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13629,Republicans Blocked the Bill That Would Demilitarize the Police,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107335,Meet The 6-Year-Old Who Is Smarter Than Jim Inhofe,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23767,"In a very personal and revealing speech, Bill Clinton nailed the crux of the issue with Hillary: there’s the false GOP/media creation and then there’s the real human being, a person of integrity, kindness and compassion.

Watch former President Clinton speak about future President Clinton:

As I’ve said repeatedly, the polls about Hillary’s honesty reference Hillary the caricature. People who say they dislike and distrust her are talking about the artificial creation, fabricated in conservative think tanks, funded by rightwing billionaires, and disseminated with ruthless efficiency by the corporate media.

Conversely, the most accomplished and respected people on earth wholeheartedly endorse Hillary, the person of integrity and character. President Obama, Bernie Sanders, Joe Biden, John Lewis, Elizabeth Warren, Dolores Huerta, and so many more.

Michelle Obama’s brilliant convention speech was one of the best of the entire 2016 campaign. In that speech, she said she trusted Hillary to safeguard her daughters. There is no greater endorsement than that from a mother.

Character versus caricature.

Chris Hayes speaks to the disparity between the two:

Like so many who have worked with Hillary, I have staked my personal reputation on her integrity because I know the person of character, and I reject the grotesque caricature.

Thankfully, millions of Americans see through the negative frames, the destructive narratives, and stand with her. They see her true character and they are passionate about her candidacy and dedicated to her — albeit ignored and marginalized by the pundits.

In the coming months, we should stay focused on the Hillary we see with our own eyes and not the Hillary presented through the distorted prism of the GOP and media. Let’s stay focused on the person who has spent her life helping others, despite being subjected to vicious, unending attacks.

That’s the Hillary who just shattered a 227-year barrier.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107239,Antarctic Just Set a Record for Heat - Here's What Inhofe Will Probably Ignore,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93126,"It is truly mystifying that Bernie Sanders hasn’t realized that his attacks on Hillary have backfired against him. Badly.

Here he is, tweeting about the NRA, an organization that helped get him elected.

Wonder how many $$27 contributions @HillaryClinton got at her fundraiser hosted by the NRA lobbyist: https://t.co/w8IHpJ5Vo6 — Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) March 22, 2016

And here’s Bernie, joining Republicans to tweet a total distortion of Bill Clinton’s statement about the “awful legacy” of GOP obstructionism and stonewalling.

Don’t know that I’d call President Obama's 72 straight months of job growth an “awful legacy.” https://t.co/GUzlY6Wp4h — Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) March 22, 2016

So the progressive revolution promised by Bernie has devolved into a Twitter campaign that echoes Karl Rove-style attacks on the Clintons?

That’s depressing.

UPDATE: From Daily Kos:

[Top Bernie aide] Tad Devine cohosted a fundraiser last year in 2015 with Jeff Forbes, the same NRA lobbyist being linked to Hillary above, while he was still an NRA lobbyist!

(AP Photo/Ralph Freso)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79406,"On June 5th, I wrote about my experience as an American woman of South Indian descent and what it’s like to be treated like you don’t belong in your own country. In the weeks since, Donald Trump has gone full white nationalist, and I’m reposting my original article (with some new photos) as a reminder of what people who look like me are up against. Because of who Trump and his cohorts are, and because of how I look, I don’t just want Hillary to win — I need her to win.

JUNE 5, 2016

I was born in the United States of America. I am a navy blue passport-carrying American citizen. English is my native tongue. Yet many people treat me like I don’t belong here.

I am of Indian descent. My parents are from the south of India. I am a tall woman. My skin is a darker shade of brown, my hair is jet black with wildish curly tendencies, giving me what has been called an “ethnically ambiguous” appearance. My dark eyes reflect the experience of a life lived outside of what is considered ordinary.

Since I was a very young child, I have been asked the question, “Where are you from?” Ninety-nine percent of people are unsatisfied with my answer: “I’m from New York.” Without fail, they all proceed to ask the following question: “No, where are you really from?” My further explanation (in clearly unaccented English) of being an American (born and raised) is met with sheer incredulity. As if someone who looks like me cannot possibly be from the same place that they are. The icing on the cake is this: “How do you speak English so well?”

My earliest memory of this line of questioning was from teachers and classmates at the age of 5. Yes, 5 years old. Imagine that. Before my identity was even fully formed, I was essentially told that I didn’t belong. Not only did I not belong, but my answers of my own identity were not acceptable and required further questioning.

At the age of 5, I had to ask myself difficult questions. Why don’t they believe me when I tell them who I am? Am I not trustworthy? Could it be possible that they don’t accept what I have to say just because I don’t look like them? Can I trust them? If I wasn’t really an American, what was I? When I held my hand over my heart with my classmates each morning to pledge my allegiance to the flag, I had to ask myself if I was really part of this “one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.”

Three decades of fielding these nearly daily questions has certainly not fostered a sense of confidence and belonging as an American. I’ve just learned to tolerate the little indignities, to keep my head up, and to go on about my life. Because who has the time or energy to focus on anything else other than working to move forward?

I know I am not the only American who has felt this way. There are millions of people in our country who look like me and millions who don’t. Millions who were born here and millions who were born elsewhere and made the choice to become American citizens. There are the millions of marginalized people of all ages, genders, ethnicities, abilities, sexual orientations, and religious affiliations who have fought and are still fighting tirelessly to be seen and have their voices heard equally.

There are millions of us who have been told by fellow Americans and certain presidential candidates that our voices aren’t the ones that really matter, that we don’t really matter.

That is why I’ve been so cynical about politics and politicians. That is until I met Hillary Clinton.

My husband, Peter Daou, is a former adviser to Hillary. He is of Lebanese-American descent. At first glance, we are not your typical couple, and our marriage added another layer of questioning and scrutiny from the judgmental, exclusionary public to our life. It’s not easy to be on the receiving end of disapproving looks every time you walk down the street with the person you love. Having become accustomed to not being accepted by society at large, this was just another unpleasant aspect of my life that I had to deal with.

One evening, very unexpectedly, Peter and I ran into Hillary and a few of his former colleagues. Peter always spoke of Hillary with the utmost respect and admiration. He spoke of how intelligent and disciplined she is, and of how kind and thoughtful she is, always, even in the midst of a world of never ending work and incessant attacks on her integrity.

Seeing her in person for the first time, I could see all these things in the way she carried herself with such ease and dignity. Though she was on her way out of the building, though she was surrounded by a large group of people, she walked over and embraced Peter then took a moment to shake my hand, look into my eyes with a smile, and connect with me.

The former Secretary of State, Senator and First Lady, one of the most accomplished and admired women in the world, genuinely and wholeheartedly acknowledged me in a room where I would otherwise be overlooked. She welcomed and embraced me and my husband. She made me feel for that moment, that my presence really mattered.

That is something that I see in the faces of the millions of Americans who support Hillary. Looking through photos of Hillary on the campaign trail, I see a beautiful mix of faces, a mix that America was always meant to be. And I see women who look like me beaming with pride and hope.

You can feel the emotion of Americans from all walks of life, who are finally being acknowledged and embraced for who they are, just as they are. That the lives and concerns of all Americans are valid and valuable. We feel, some of us for the very first time in our lives, that we truly matter and our voices are being heard.

No, we are not all out in the streets shouting at the top of our lungs. (Although some of us are!) We don’t all have the time, or the physical ability, or don’t feel safe enough to signal our public support that way. But we are all hard at work, taking care of our families and communities and proudly casting our ballots for the candidate who cares about all Americans. She listens to us. She trusts us. And we trust her. When we tell her who we are, she believes us. That is why she has 12.9 million of our votes.

And it’s why, despite the unceasing personal attacks on her, the non-stop media chatter about her supposed “unlikability,” the horrible insults from her political rivals, we stand strong for her and always will.

Because of Hillary Clinton, many of us finally feel that we belong, that we’re truly Americans. In the deepest and most enlightened sense of that word.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107379,The messed up argument against marriage equality in Florida,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107301,These three dudes in stilettos can dance just as good as Beyonce,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79393,"America has never heard this crashing noise before. It’s the sound of the gender barrier breaking, of the highest glass ceiling shattering, of institutional gender bias resisting conquest — and losing.

November 8th will be the culminating moment, but the process is happening now: With each passing day, Hillary is powering forward in the face of a furious assault on her lifesaving foundation, her private email communications, her health, her family, her integrity. She is wrestling the monumental forces of misogyny and gaining the upper hand.

America has never been here before. We’ve never heard these thunderous noises. We’ve never navigated this terrain.

And we’ve never witnessed a candidate endure such a vicious double standard, such unrestrained attacks by the establishment media.

This is the process of smashing the ultimate gender barrier, this intense grind forward, this fury raining down on Hillary, this uncontrolled maligning of a powerful, dignified woman.

The conquest of institutional bias doesn’t happen in one day. Election Day is the climactic moment, but now is the time the glass is beginning to shatter and the shards are crashing down.

Hillary’s supporters shouldn’t lose heart — if anything, they should realize that the more ferocious the attacks, the louder the cacophony of lies, hate and smears, the more cracks are appearing in the glass ceiling.

Melissa McEwan describes what we’re seeing as the “desperate attempt to put band-aids on those cracks in the vain hope of keeping the ceiling intact.”

That desperation, that intensity will increase even further, as 227 years of history boils down to six weeks.

She’s ready. We’re ready.

[Updated 8/25/16]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107217,GOP Rep Charlie Dent Says He Will No Longer Thwart Adults 'Pursuit Of Happiness',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23871,"Michele Bachmann: Armageddon Is Upon Us, Because Obama, Gays",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93100,"The excuses are piling up: Bernie is losing because of the deep south, or voter fraud, or superdelegates, or super PACs, or the DNC, or the “establishment,” or because he isn’t trying, or because poor people don’t vote.

Here’s the reality: Hillary is winning because Hillary has more votes and is energizing more people. But you wouldn’t know that if you listened to Bernie and his surrogates. Their excuses for losing are a veiled attempt to delegitimize Hillary’s success. It’s a tactic that Donald Trump is using too, suggesting a “rigged” system accounts for her success.

Now, the Washington Post reports:

Bernie Sanders said Saturday that many of his losses to Hillary Clinton in Democratic primaries were because “poor people don’t vote.”

But then there’s this:

It’s not clear that larger turnout among poor voters would have actually helped Sanders against Clinton, however. Sanders has lost Democratic voters with household incomes below $$50,000 by 55 percent to 44 percent to Clinton across primaries where network exit polls have been conducted.

In other words, if more poor people voted, Bernie would lose more ground to Hillary.

This graphic being shared today on social media is particularly apt:

(AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
510,"Few words can capture what Michelle Obama did at the Democratic convention. Suffice it to say that this was a speech like no other: deep, moving, real, so very real.

Hard to recall a speech this real, this deep. In awe. #MichelleObama #DemsInPhilly — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 26, 2016

The dignity, the honesty, the realness, the TRUTH, of #MichelleObama's words make the media and the haters look small. #DemsInPhilly — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 26, 2016

Michelle Obama’s words are heart-stopping:

The story that has brought me to this stage tonight, the story of generations of people who felt the lash of bondage, the shame of servitude, the sting of segregation, but who kept on striving and hoping and doing what needed to be done so that today, I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves. And I watch my daughters, two beautiful, intelligent, black young women, playing with their dogs on the White House lawn. And because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters and all our sons and daughters now take for granted that a woman can be President of the United States.

Watch the video, you’ll be in awe:

Reaction:

No snark or irony: Michelle Obama was just awesome. Makes you proud of a country in which such a speech is possible. — Paul Krugman (@paulkrugman) July 26, 2016

""I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves."" Michelle Obama is straight killing this speech. #DNCinPHL — Imani Gandy (@AngryBlackLady) July 26, 2016

Well I'm crying. Thank you flawless & inspiring @MichelleObama, who just lifted up the party & the entire country when we needed it most. — billy eichner (@billyeichner) July 26, 2016

I feel really sorry for everyone speaking after Michelle Obama. She did THAT #DNC — jon (@prasejeebus) July 26, 2016

Watching #DNC #MichelleObama brought me to tears. She makes me proud to be a Blk American Woman. — Esodie Geiger (@esodiegeiger) July 26, 2016

America needed that speech. Thank you, Michelle Obama. — joanna (@_joannaw) July 26, 2016

FLOTUS. Bringing it. — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) July 26, 2016

@MichelleObama is the most amazing woman that I've ever seen in the #WhiteHouse other than @HillaryClinton ???????????? — Cookie (@Ms_Cookie32) July 26, 2016

So many little black girls looking at Michelle Obama right now. The past 8 years. My allergies are acting up ???????? — . (@AnitraOneillE) July 26, 2016

No matter what side your on politically you have to admit that was a beautiful and poetic speech by #MichelleObama #DemConvention — Dan Leach (@DanLeach971) July 26, 2016

If Michelle kicked over the podium afterwards and cut all the lights off, who would complain? #DemsInPhilly #DNCinPHL — santagati. (@santagati) July 26, 2016

Here's tomorrow's New York Daily News cover pic.twitter.com/733AbvOzLh — Daniel Strauss (@DanielStrauss4) July 26, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93191,"From Mashable: “Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, 79, has reportedly been found dead from natural causes at the Cibolo Creek Ranch resort in West Texas.”

O-M-G. With Anthony Scalia gone, in this highly polarized political environment, we're in for quite a ride. #fastenurseatbelts. — MariaNYC (@MariaNYC) February 13, 2016

Senior U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia found dead at West Texas ranch – San Antonio Express-News https://t.co/7l74DnMezS — Jim Starowicz (@jimstaro) February 13, 2016

Wikipedians are updating the article for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who has died. https://t.co/Ld78BZqGlE — Wikipedia (@Wikipedia) February 13, 2016

I expect Sen. Ted Cruz, former SCOTUS clerk, to speak the most about Scalia tonight. — Andrew Pantazi (@apantazi) February 13, 2016

.@tedcruz issues statement on Scalia – calls him ""one of the greatest Justices in history"" pic.twitter.com/ipdGVi9im7 — Katiana Krawchenko (@kkrawchenko) February 13, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23895,Report: Police More Dangerous In Utah Than Gangs,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93176,"Hillary will be the Democratic nominee for president, the first woman in history to represent a major party in the quest for the White House. Bernie faces a choice that is simpler than most people think.

Months before the national media decided to report on Bernie’s self-admitted character assault against Hillary, we warned that his sharp detour into attack politics would damage him more than it damaged Hillary:

A funny thing happens to people who think they can take down Hillary Clinton by assailing her character: they end up with their own reputations in tatters. Just ask Trey Gowdy.

We followed up a two months later with this:

Going personal on Hillary, the most vetted human on the planet, is a high-risk endeavor. Bernie is learning the hard way that people who traffic in innuendo against Hillary end up damaging their own credibility.

Sure enough, months after our warnings, a spate of recent articles and editorials have decried Bernie’s apparent scorched-earth approach to the nomination process. Bernie’s brand is damaged. The only way to repair it now, assuming he wants to, is to help Hillary defeat Donald Trump.

And if he thinks his supporters will stick with a strategy that places his personal ambitions above the future of the country, he’ll find out soon enough how quickly they will abandon him. Voters are not stupid. They know what’s at stake with Trump.

A new CBS/NYT poll says that “72 percent of Sanders supporters would vote for Clinton against Donald Trump.” That’s more than ten points higher than the percentage of Hillary’s supporters who indicated they would support Obama in 2008.

Bernie’s voters are ready for Hillary.

He is certainly free to keep running until the last votes are cast, but the sooner he starts helping Hillary take down Trump — winding his people down instead of winding them up — the more likely he’ll salvage his personal reputation.

If it matters to him.

Thankfully, there are indications it does.

(Photo: Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6851,"A New York Times story from late Saturday evening by editor Elizabeth Williamson still contains a false assertion that Bernie Sanders, who lost handily to Hillary Clinton in South Carolina’s Democratic primary, “defeated Mrs. Clinton among white Democrats in South Carolina.”

However, according to the Times itself, exit polling that same day found that Hillary actually won the white vote by a margin of 54 percent to 46 percent. Indeed, a separate Times story that was also published on Feb. 27 reported that white voters “narrowly favored” Hillary.

Williamson’s reporting on primary voter data became an issue a week earlier when she asserted in a story that appeared on the paper’s front page that Bernie Sanders “won among Latino voters” in Nevada’s Feb. 20 Democratic caucus, a claim that was widely disputed. The error was significant because the perception of Bernie winning the Latino vote in Nevada would have given his campaign a boost, and potentially altered voter behavior.

But various polling data experts concluded that, while caucus entrance polling is imprecise, Hillary probably won the Latino vote in Nevada.

Two days later Williamson tweeted a story by the Times‘ Nate Cohn in which he said: “I’d err on the side of a Clinton win among Hispanic voters.” She also updated her Feb. 20 story saying there’s a merely a “debate” about whether Bernie won the Latino vote without issuing an outright correction:

Update: There has been considerable debate over whether Bernie Sanders actually won among Latino voters in Nevada, and the question may not be resolved conclusively any time soon.

Williamson — who regularly attacks Hillary on Twitter — often says Hillary should release the transcripts of speeches she made as a private citizen, including to big Wall Street banks, implying, without evidence, that they’d reveal some kind of nefarious quid pro quo. Aside from the double standard being applied in this case, in fact, the evidence indicates that the opposite is true.

It looks like Maureen Dowd has company.

UPDATE: After BNR pointed out the error, the NYT issued the following update:

Though early exit polls showed Bernie Sanders winning among white voters in South Carolina, polls now show Hillary Clinton winning among whites.

AP Photo/Gerald Herbert",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93101,"As Donald Trump gets closer to the GOP nomination, there’s growing panic among establishment Republicans, who are flailing wildly trying to block Trump’s path to victory. Things reached a fever pitch today with Mitt Romney’s anti-Trump tirade and Trump’s response that Romney “would’ve dropped to his knees” for his endorsement.

But what are mainstream Republicans really saying? After all, these are politicians with their own history of exclusionist policy and rhetoric. As Ryu Spaeth said in “The New Republic:”

What makes Trump different from other politicians is that he’s thrown away the dog whistle, made subtext text, and issued naked appeals to the worst prejudices of certain segments of the GOP base, who, much to the embarrassment of the GOP elite, apparently care nothing about the niceties of supply-side economics.

Or as Senator Harry Reid said last year:

Racism has long been prevalent in Republican politics. Only difference now is that Trump is saying out loud what other Rs merely suggest. — Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) December 8, 2015

Indeed. Take Mitch McConnell, who blasted Trump’s proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the US, saying it was “completely inconsistent with American values.” But McConnell himself has exploited anti-Muslim sentiment, once saying he takes Obama “at his word” that he’s a Christian, leading Politico to headline the exchange: “SIREN — OR SHOULD WE SAY ‘DOG WHISTLE’?”

Or House Speaker Paul Ryan, who’s attacked Trump’s anti-Muslim comments, saying they’re “not who we are as a party,” but who previously blamed poverty on lazy “inner city” men. Ryan also cited Charles Murray, a conservative social scientist who believes African-Americans are, as a population, less intelligent than whites due to genetic differences.

What about Mitt Romney, who called Trump’s handling of the KKK issue “disqualifying and disgusting.” But on race issue dog whistling, here too, Romney is guilty. In 2012, he aired a campaign ad falsely claiming that Obama had ended welfare-to-work and instead “they just send you your welfare check,” leading one observer to note that it “conjures unemployed people sitting on the couch mooching off the middle class.”

MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow called the ad “obvious dog whistle racism.” And of course, Romney’s infamous comment that 47 percent of the country would vote for Obama “no matter what” in 2012 because they think the they’re entitled to “free things” from the government, was also seen as racially coded language.

And on and on and on.

But it’s not just racial dog whistles. Take John Kasich. He is widely seen as a moderate and an alternative to Trump. Romney, for example, who also decried Trump’s misogyny in his speech highlighted Kasich as an alternative in Ohio. But is Kasich better for women?

As governor of Ohio, Kasich has shown an extremist zeal for eroding women’s reproductive rights. He’s also spoken out against paid maternity leave, and has a puzzling history of speaking about women like a character on Mad Men; praising women who “left their kitchens” to support his first race, and political wives for being “at home, doing laundry and doing so many things,” while their men are out giving speeches.

Kasich may not have a storied history of objectifying women on Howard Stern, but he’s no friend to women either. He just “pours on the Midwestern charm thicker than cream of mushroom soup on a casserole,” as Samantha Bee recently pointed out.

It’s becoming increasingly clear that these Republicans’ real objection is not that Trump is dog whistling, but that he’s doing it too loudly.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23757,"At 8:01 this morning (8/20/16), the Associated Press tweeted a puff piece on Donald Trump and his family saying: “Tweet: bulldozers and hardhats brought together three generations of Trumps.” The tweet included an excerpt from Trump on raising his children: “I didn’t give them too much money.”

Yes, AP ran a Trump PR piece as a news story and quickly deleted it. Original tweet here @paul_haine pic.twitter.com/EtLQbCAF0Q — Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) August 20, 2016

Everything in this brief AP tweet was false. The Trump family built its fortune on generations of inherited wealth, with Trump and his children removed from manual labor, educated at elite schools, and living their entire lives in luxury.

So it was not a surprise that AP deleted the tweet and the link to the article within minutes. But it soon reappeared in another section, AP Politics, with the article intact.

Puff pieces are a common feature of media coverage, especially during a political campaign, but wire services generally refrain from publishing them. AP’s article on Trump, written by Nancy Benac, is a stupefying and egregious piece of political propaganda, notable for its deceptive content, conspicuous timing, and the author’s direct connection to the Trump campaign.

First, Benac’s piece is full of lies and omissions, leaving out not only the history of the Trump family’s business practices, but ignoring nearly everything that has happened during the year-old campaign, with the exception of flattering details like a plug for the dress Ivanka wore at the RNC. (The article, in fact, essentially repeats the illusion of the Trump family – wholesome businesspeople with a respect for manual labor vs. multigenerational scandal-ridden billionaires – that was promulgated in speeches and video at the RNC.)

The omissions are obvious to even the most casual Trump observer. When discussing Trump’s businesses, the article omits Trump’s many lawsuits and bankruptcies. When discussing his divorce from Ivana, it omits her serious accusations against him. When discussing the Trump children, it omits their own controversies. And Melania, who famously plagiarized a Michele Obama speech on national TV, is described as “staying off the campaign trail.”

Most of all, almost nothing from the past year of the Trump campaign is discussed in the article: not Trump’s racist and xenophobic comments, not his feud with the Khans, not his call for Hillary’s assassination, not his encouragement for Russia to obtain Hillary’s emails, not the investigation into Trump University and Trump’s disparaging comments about a Mexican-American judge, not his retweeting of white supremacists or his endorsement by David Duke, not his violent rallies, not the shake-ups in his campaign staff.

The article is frozen in time. With the exception of a few stray lines, Benac’s article could have been published in August 2015. This personal, humanized portrayal of the Trump family – divorced of both damning facts and a year’s worth of controversy — is exactly what Trump’s new PR team, led by Breitbart veteran Steve Bannon, wants.

And here is where it gets interesting. We know this is what they want because the Trump staff said so to Benac days before.

On August 18, Benac wrote an article detailing Trump’s new PR strategy based on interviews with his team. An excerpt:

“Keith Appell, a political consultant whom Bannon hired to promote a movie he’d made about Sarah Palin, describes Bannon as a hard-driving perfectionist with both strong organizational skills and a film-maker’s gift for storytelling. “He gets the need to personalize and humanize what Trump wants to do,” Appell said.

That is exactly what Benac did in the AP story, run days later. Another excerpt:

“It’s almost a throwback to an era when media outlets and political organizations were closely aligned,” Rosenstiel said.

He said it’s an open question whether Trump, in turning to Bannon, can use the Internet “as an animating structure” for his campaign without embracing more traditional methods involving party structure, get-out-the-vote efforts and a political ground game.

“There’s a larger question here,” Rosenstiel said. “Can you use the Internet to win a general election?”

Why yes, it does resemble an era where media outlets and political organizations were closely aligned! That era is right now, with the AP running a fact-deprived Trump piece, egregious in its sins of omission, days after the author of it met with the staff of the Trump campaign.

For an author to meet with a campaign PR team and then follow its directives in her own news outlet – in a way that omits so many infamous details that its intent is obvious to any reader even vaguely following Trump for the past year – is remarkable, but it seems to be in line with AP’s general strategy. As Peter Daou has observed, AP has covered Hillary’s campaign harshly, mentioning her emails nearly every day for the past year.

While investigative reporting into all campaigns should be encouraged, it is notable that none of Trump’s scandals or legal violations – past or present – were mentioned in a story by a reporter who recently met with Trump’s new PR team. It is also unclear why AP initially deleted the article and tweet, only to republish them.

Under Paul Manafort, the Trump campaign spent months banning the press or sequestering it away from the campaign. Under Bannon, the strategy appears to bring the press immediately into the fold, with the result being an irresponsible puff piece like AP’s. Expect more to come.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107376,Jon Stewart: If we really want to improve life for veterans we have to declare war on them,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79400,"I’ve been saying this for a while now: There’s something about a female presidential candidate that seems to give the media permission for a ritual public humiliation, something akin to a frat house hazing.

For all her experience/qualifications, Clinton may win White House based on how she handles humiliation. https://t.co/DFSn2X5Me3 — Patrick Healy (@patrickhealynyt) May 16, 2016

Yes, a woman must deal with humiliation if she wants a “man’s job,” right? https://t.co/G27iXlHUYf — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) May 16, 2016

Here we see Patrick Healy,a New York Times reporter, almost approvingly noting that Hillary will have to prove her worthiness by enduring with aplomb a public campaign of personal attacks — as if that’s normal. As if it isn’t part of a deeply gendered assumption that women have to prove themselves again and again in a way that simply isn’t expected of men.

As if it’s not offensive.

For Mrs. Clinton, the coming battle is something of a paradox. She has decades of experience and qualifications, but it may not be merit that wins her the presidency — it may be how she handles the humiliations inflicted by Mr. Trump.

Trump is, certainly, attempting to humiliate Hillary. There is no question about that. But the way it works is that Trump launches a personal attack — often a sexist one — in a bid to humiliate her and the only way it stands a chance of serving that purpose is whether the media will repeat it ad infinitum until the sheer ubiquity of the attack makes “humiliation” possible.

Trump doesn’t and cannot “inflict humiliation” without the media’s assistance. He can lob attacks, half-truths, smears, and outright fabrications, but it is the uncritical repetition that does the real damage.

When it comes to this election, I see the media primarily as an efficient delivery system, a machine pumping out attacks against Hillary without bothering to question their own helpful role in that process.

You know: “I’m just standing over here, leaning against this wall, noticing that all these horrible attacks just suddenly fell out of the sky and I have no idea how it happened.”

It would be good for the country if the media were mindful about this offensive and unacceptable gender dynamic, but I’m not optimistic.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107157,Billy Crystal's Tribute to Robin Williams at the Emmys Will Bring a Tear to Your Eye,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23581,"BNR Breakfast: An Anti-Latino Beating. A KKK Endorsement. Jorge Ramos. Yes, Trump Is Scary Now.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
105641,"When Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell endorsed Donald Trump last month, he provided this rationale: “Republicans are committed to preventing what would be a third term of Barack Obama.” With President Obama enjoying his highest approval rating in years, it’s a curious way to suggest a Hillary Clinton presidency would be a bad thing.

McConnell was not the first—and certainly won’t be the last—Republican to raise the specter of a Hillary Clinton presidency as a “third term of Obama” as though that would be a scary and terrible thing for the nation.

Now, first of all, let’s address that this is a demeaning construction. As Hillary herself has said: “I’m not running for my husband’s third term; I’m not running for Obama’s third term; I’m running for my first term, but I’m going to do what works.”

She is running for her first term. Diminishing the importance of that—of anyone’s first term, no less the first term of the first woman president—by calling it the “third term” of someone else’s presidency is unnecessary.

Particularly when it’s entirely possible, as Hillary did, to note that she has taken a good long look at what worked (and what didn’t) during Barack Obama’s presidency, and during Bill Clinton’s presidency, and plans to expand on those successes. Obama has a legacy to protect—and part of the reason many people support her, among other reasons, is the knowledge that she will protect and build on it.

To insert the requisite caveat: President Obama’s presidency has not been perfect. No presidency is—even when a president doesn’t come into office in the middle of an epic financial crisis with the dual challenge of a reactionary, obstructionist Republican Congress and a centuries-old national legacy of entrenched racism.

And yet, despite these significant roadblocks, President Obama has an extraordinary list of accomplishments of which he—and Democrats—can be proud.

Milt Shook has compiled a list of 358 (!!) of Obama’s accomplishments so far—and it’s not even a complete list. Which is not a knock on Shook’s impressive collation skills, but a comment on how many accomplishments Obama has actually had.

That list largely represents his accomplishments as head of government—but the US President is also head of state, and President Obama has solidified his stature as one of the nation’s most esteemed and valuable statespeople over the last 7.5 years, too.

He has been both reliably competent and unfailingly dignified in foreign relations. If you don’t appreciate how important that is, consider that one of his many accomplishments has been restoring the United States’ reputation around the globe, after his predecessor had been a disastrously incompetent embarrassment.

It matters that we have been able to trust President Obama to be a representative of the nation of whom we can be proud.

And then there are all the (seemingly) little gestures, that pass unnoticed by the people to whom they aren’t relevant, but are so deeply appreciated by the people to whose experience the President is speaking.

I’ve never seen this before: A president calling out the scapegoating of feminists by Republicans. Thank you @POTUS! pic.twitter.com/hN1sXq1C92 — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) June 1, 2016

His presidency has been filled with things like that—and the casual normalization on his uniquely visible platform of issues and language and experiences of marginalized people is a part of his legacy of which he can and should be proud, too.

It’s a legacy of which Hillary feels protective, and deservedly so. She recognizes his many achievements, and she recognizes how important they’ve been to Democrats. She’s reached out to his supporters, promising to protect and build on that legacy, to take what he has started and run with it as far as she is able, while bringing her own unique policies and advocacy into the mix.

This is a good thing. President Obama has overseen an economic recovery, a declining unemployment rate, the expansion of health insurance access, the legalization of same-sex marriage, greater access to contraception, a declining teenage birth rate, and numerous other successes. He’s popular for a reason.

Saying Hillary will continue his legacy, as though that’s some sort of indictment of her candidacy, only communicates that the person saying it fails to appreciate how much progress we’ve made under President Obama.

Add that to the impossibly long list of things about which the Republicans are infernally wrong.

(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13577,"Sanders Surge in Iowa Means Diddly-Squat, the Real Test Comes Later",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93131,"After Donald refused to endorse Speaker Paul Ryan, RNC Chair Reince Priebus was reportedly “apoplectic.” Then Donald’s veep nominee Mike Pence not only endorsed Ryan, but said Donald “strongly encouraged” him to do so. Who’s getting played here?

To political observers, Donald’s campaign is a slow-motion wreck. His bigotry, erratic behavior, and reflexive attacks on anyone who refuses to genuflect to his self-proclaimed greatness are causing Republicans to defect in growing numbers. His staff is reportedly despondent, and the GOP establishment is reeling.

It’s not even clear, however, that Donald believes anything is broken. And it’s certainly very curious that, according to Pence, he discussed his endorsement of Ryan with Donald, who “strongly encouraged me to endorse Paul Ryan in next Tuesday’s primary, and I’m pleased to do it.”

Unless Pence is lying – and despite my admittedly low opinion of his integrity, I’ve no reason to believe he is – then Donald really did “strongly encourage” him to endorse Ryan, immediately after he himself refused to do so.

Is it merely a response to Priebus’ apoplexy? Has Donald recruited Pence to help him play both sides – I’ll pander to the base; you keep the establishment happy? Who is playing who here?

The thing is, if it’s some sort of strategy, it doesn’t look that way. What it looks like is more disunity and disarray in a campaign already riddled with it.

Retiring Republican Rep. Richard Hanna and former California gubernatorial candidate and major GOP fundraiser Meg Whitman have both repudiated Donald to endorse Hillary this week.

Former ally to Newt Gingrich, Vin Weber, called Donald’s candidacy “a mistake of historic proportions” for the GOP, and added that not only will he not vote for Donald, but: “I can’t imagine I’d remain a Republican if he becomes president.”

Meanwhile, Gingrich himself, a Donald surrogate who was on the shortlist for veep, said: “The current race is which of these two is the more unacceptable, because right now neither of them is acceptable. …He cannot win the presidency operating the way he is now.”

And Donald’s staff seems to agree:

longtime ally of Paul Manafort, Trump's campaign manager: ""Manafort not challenging Trump anymore. Mailing it in. Staff suicidal."" — John Harwood (@JohnJHarwood) August 3, 2016

A source tells @DanaBashCNN that some Trump campaign staff are frustrated w/ candidate lately, ""feel like they are wasting their time"" — Dianne Gallagher (@DianneG) August 3, 2016

Donald’s campaign strongman, Paul Manafort, naturally disputes that the campaign is in chaos.

Paul Manafort on Fox; ""The campaign is in good shape"" — John Harwood (@JohnJHarwood) August 3, 2016

If this is what “good shape” looks like, I’d hate to see what Team Donald thinks “bad shape” would look like.

Even the good-cop, bad-cop strategy – if this is indeed what the Donald-Pence incongruity on endorsing Ryan actually is – just looks like more chaos, following a week of escalating chaos. It’s Week One of the general election, and all the news about Donald is that he’s a jerk and his campaign’s a mess.

Good shape? Yikes.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107194,"Meet Brutus McCarthy & Cassius Chaffetz, the Would Be Speakers",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107361,Did President Clinton Just Let the Cat Outta the Bag About Hillary’s Campaign?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107280,Immigrants Will Be Among the Victims of McConnell's Congress,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93123,"Ted Cruz called NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton a “political henchman” when confronted with Bratton’s criticism of Cruz’s plan to have police patrol Muslim communities in the United States.

Sen. Ted Cruz on Tuesday claimed that NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton’s criticism of his proposal that police patrol all Muslim neighborhoods was merely the work of Democratic Mayor Bill DiBlasio’s “henchmen” sent out to attack the GOP presidential candidate.

In the wake of the terror attacks in Brussels on Tuesday, Cruz said police in the U.S. should begin patrolling all Muslim neighborhoods, like they would where violent gangs are present.

While Cruz’s idea — which GOP frontrunner Donald Trump supports — was widely panned, Bratton had particularly harsh words for Cruz. “We don’t need a president that doesn’t respect the values that form the foundation of this country,” he said on Tuesday. And during an appearance on CBS This Morning on Wednesday, Bratton continued the assault.

“He doesn’t know what the hell he’s talking about,” he said. “I took great offense at that statement. I have almost a thousand Muslim officers in the NYPD, ironically when he’s running around here we probably have a few Muslim officers guarding him.”

When asked about Bratton’s criticism later in the same program, Cruz couldn’t muster any substantive response: “Well listen it’s not surprising that the Democratic political henchmen of Mayor DiBlasio are coming after me and it is on the instructions of Mayor DiBlasio.”

Hillary Clinton called Cruz’s plan “dangerous” and experts say it would not only be unconstitutional, but also ineffective and counterproductive.

Watch the Cruz clip:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107185,The Government Is Suing AT&T For Deliberately Slowing Speeds For Unlimited Data Customers,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23861,A DAYM Shame: Woman Killed in Police Custody While She is Shackled by Her Hands And Feet #NatashaMcKenna,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23883,Why Does Monsanto Hate Honeybees so Much?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93090,"A new poll shows that 48% of voters in North Carolina are less likely to vote for Sen. Richard Burr if he supports Donald Trump. Burr has previously said he will support Trump if he’s the nominee. He is currently only up by five points.

A new Public Policy Polling (PPP) poll brought more bad news for North Carolina Senator Richard Burr’s reelection prospects. The poll released Tuesday found that 48% of his state’s voters are less likely to vote for the senator if he supports Donald Trump, while only 22% would be more likely to support him. Burr currently only holds a five point lead over his opponent Deborah Ross.

Burr has already indicated he would support Trump, tweeting in January that “I will support whoever the GOP nominee is.” Burr has also said that “Donald Trump has brought a level of passion to running for office that I’m delighted to see.” This support lead the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee to highlight Burr’s willingness to support Trump in their new ad called “support”:

This isn’t the first time that a PPP poll has delivered bad news to the Burr campaign. A previous poll found that 47% of his state’s voters are less likely to vote for Burr if he continues to obstruct President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, something Burr has continued to do.

(AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79404,"We’re at that point in the 2016 election when the Clinton family’s charitable foundation that saves lives across the globe is subjected to greater scrutiny than Donald Trump’s unscrupulous Russian ties, his calls for Hillary to be assassinated and his claim that President Obama “founded ISIS.”

The Clinton Foundation has taken steps to ensure there is no conflict of interest with Hillary’s presidential campaign and potential presidency. But lost in the intensity of the politically-motivated attacks against the Clintons is the lifesaving work the foundation has done.

Laura Seay makes it all deeply personal and very, very real.

Surfacing from vacation to throw some knowledge at this nonsense. https://t.co/8HuiHFWHFz — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

Saying “shut it down” about the Clinton Foundation is only possible from a position of privilege & ignorance about what they do. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

For context, a story. In 2005, I randomly met Bill Clinton & some of his staff in a hotel lobby in Kigali. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

In 2005, HIV/AIDS was still a death sentence in most of central Africa. The Clinton Foundation was working to expand ARV access in Rwanda. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

Conventional wisdom among the global health elite was that trying to bring similar ARV programs to DR Congo was too risky & difficult. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

Congo was still in its transitional phase out of major war then. Goma, Bukavu were a lot more dangerous & vulnerable then than they are now. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

And so within a year, Heal Africa hospital was treating 60 HIV+ Congolese children with Clinton Foundation funding. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

I know teens & young adults who were kids then & are alive today because the Clinton Foundation saved their lives when no one else would. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

I lost a child I loved because by the time he got ARV treatment, it was too late – his body had been destroyed by secondary infections. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

He died. As did thousands of other kids, teenagers, parents, & people just like you & me who could not access treatment. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

But. Most of those 60 children survived, & the program expanded, & the Clinton Foundation spun off CHAI . — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

All of this showed that providing treatment in a VERY difficult context was not only possible, but that it could be scaled up & replicated. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

CHAI still serves hundreds of thousands of pediatric HIV/AIDS patients w/Clinton Foundation & other funding today. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

I have yet to see anyone calling for the Clinton Foundation to close acknowledge that were it to cease to exist, kids would lose ARV access. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

Not to mention millions of other vulnerable people who, through Foundation funding & funded programs, get the health care they need. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

Yes, there are conflicts of interest between Hillary Clinton’s run for office & donations the Foundation receives. It’s complex. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

But saying, “Shut it down” without any context or understanding that hundreds of thousands of innocent people would DIE is irresponsible. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016

And I, for one, am very grateful that the Clinton Foundation saved the lives of some Congolese kids who’ve grown up to be amazing adults. — Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) August 22, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23772,"UPDATE (4/17/16): Maureen Dowd’s obsession with Hillary Clinton is an embarrassment to the New York Times. In light of yet another column referring to Hillary as a “queen,” we are re-upping our February 7 article where Dowd claimed that President Obama “used race” to get elected.

ORIGINAL (2/7/16)

Maureen Dowd, whose personal vendetta against Hillary Clinton is an increasing liability for the New York Times, attempts another vicious take-down of the Democratic frontrunner.

Dowd is the leading purveyor of Rovian anti-Hillary memes, sophisticated negative character frames crafted in conservative oppo shops to undermine Hillary’s candidacy. Dowd believes that as a woman she is immune from claims of sexism, so her Hillary-bashing screeds are bursting at the seams with blatantly sexist language, lies and innuendo.

Her latest column includes the following verbatim phrases:

Hillary still has not learned the art of seduction on stage

Overplays her feminist hand

Feels too competitive with her husband

Bill could tell her not to shout her way through rallies, adding to her authenticity problem

Her campaign cries sexism too often

Hillary huffily said…

And she’s still not likable enough for the young women who were supposed to carry her forward as a Joan of Arc.

With Hillary, there are three things [that make her stupid]: sex, money and the need for secrecy.

Nixonian obsession with secrecy by the woman who was once an idealistic lawyer

Hillary was there sucking at the teat

She tried to drag in others to excuse her own ethically lax behavior

Dowd’s hate and envy masquerading as editorials is nothing new. She’s been doing this for two decades. But she got sloppy this time, slipping in a line accusing America’s first African American president of “using race” to get elected:

Her allies think mentioning her shouting is sexist, and sexism does swirl around Hillary, but her campaign cries sexism too often. In 2008, Barack Obama used race sparingly.

In the context of the previous sentence about Hillary’s campaign “crying sexism,” her insinuation about Barack Obama is crystal clear: he “used race” to get elected. It’s hard to imagine a benign interpretation of the word “used” in this instance.

This column is a stain on the New York Times and an embarrassment to journalism and punditry.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107193,Someone Forgot to Tell Alabama Racism Is Over,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13620,The Right Wing Can't Use China as Climate Change Excuse Anymore,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93183,"Trump’s reckless tweeting has taken a dark turn.

There are a number of ways to interpret this, none of them good.

Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 21, 2016

As anyone who follows politics knows, Hillary is under constant threat from vicious and hateful individuals who have been whipped into a frenzy by her detractors.

For Trump to allude to disarming those who protect her physical safety is to tread on very dangerous ground. There are unstable people who could read into more his words than may have been intended.

We already know Trump is a vindictive person — he admitted it himself. He also lacks a basic modicum of self-control. This unimaginably reckless tweet is a perfect example.

Express your outrage using this tag: #WomenTrumpDonald

(AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93080,"I am a Hillary Clinton supporter.

I might as well get that disclosure out of the way right now, because there are people who will be keen to use it against me when they read the rest of the piece, especially if they believe I somehow sought to conceal it.

I am a Hillary Clinton supporter who does not hate Bernie Sanders, who has said plainly that I will support Sanders if he is the eventual nominee.

I am a Hillary Clinton supporter who has not always been one. She was not my first choice in 2008.

But it was during that campaign I started documenting, as part of my coverage of US politics in a feminist space, the instances of misogyny being used against her by both the right and the left, amassing a “Hillary Sexism Watch” that contained more than 100 entries by the time she withdrew from the primary. And it was hardly a comprehensive record.

I have spent an enormous amount of time with Hillary Clinton, although I have never spoken to her. I have read transcripts of her speeches, her policy proposals, her State Department emails. I have watched countless hours of interviews, debates, addresses, testimony before Congress. I have scrolled though thousands of wire photos, spoken to people who have worked with and for her, read her autobiography, listened to her fans and her critics.

And what I have discovered is a person whom I like very much.

Not a perfect person. Not even a perfect candidate. I am not distressed by people who have legitimate criticisms of Hillary Clinton and some of the policies she has advocated; I share those criticisms.

What is distressing to me is that I see little evidence of that person in the public narratives about Hillary Clinton. Not everyone has the time nor the desire to deep-dive into documents the way that I have. If I hadn’t had a professional reason to do so, I may not have done it myself.

I may have—and did, before I was obliged otherwise—relied on what I learned about Hillary Clinton from the media.

Which, as it turns out, is deeply corrupted by pervasive misogyny.

The subtle misogyny of double-standards that mean she can’t win (even when she does), and the overt misogyny of turning her into a monster, a gross caricature of a ruthlessly ambitious villain who will stop at nothing in her voracious quest for ever more power.

This is a view held, and promulgated, by people who have a vested interest in stopping Hillary Clinton, or anyone who espouses even the most rudimentary progressive agenda. People who have long been watchers of and/or participants in the political process, who are old enough and sophisticated enough to know better.

It is also a view held by a startlingly large number of younger people, whose misperceptions are somewhat understandable, given that the ubiquitous campaign of misogyny-based dehumanization of Hillary Clinton has been around longer than they have been alive.

Many observations have been made about the fact that Bernie Sanders polls significantly better than Clinton among young people. (Specifically, young white people.) And I think there are a number of reasons for that, but chief among them is that, as my friend Kate noted, “Twenty-five-year-olds have literally never lived in a time where there weren’t whispers (or nationally televised shouts) about Hillary Clinton’s evil schemes.”

Young people, and people of any age who are newer participants in the political process, are coming to politics at a time when literally decades of demonstrably unfounded smears against Hillary Clinton—or “The Clintons”—have become cemented as historical fact.

I am old enough, and have been an engaged political nerd long enough, to remember Rush Limbaugh’s 1990’s TV show, back when he was busily coining misogynist slurs like “feminazi.” And now I see left-leaning Clinton opponents using those phrases, and invoking the unsubstantiable lore about her aggressive dishonesty and villainy invented by Limbaugh and his cohorts, as though they are something other than the fever dreams of intractably misogynist dirtbags with a nefarious agenda.

David Neiwert has long documented, particularly in his terrific book The Eliminationists, how people like Limbaugh are “transmitters” of rightwing rhetoric, serving as conduits for bringing fringe ideas into the mainstream. They take the most odious conspiracy theories, ever rife with naked bigotry, and repackage them for larger consumption by conservative movement leaders and media, who then repeat ad infinitum these despicable lies and demeanments until they make their way into the mainstream media, where a guise of objectivity turns them into “fact.”

I have watched this happen to Hillary Clinton in real time, over and over. And I am angry at seeing people new to political engagement regurgitate this swill without understanding, or caring about, the toxic stew from which it emerged.

There is a cavernous dearth of critical analysis in the media—and no wonder, since the media is happily complicit in facilitating the factizing of this rubbish. One can’t depend on a media which endlessly discusses Clinton’s “likability,” and casually refers to her as “Godzillary” and “a Lovecraftian monster, the Cthulhu of American politics,” and depicts her with devil horns, and portrays her as a towering man-crushing monster, and constantly subjects her to Remember Your Place pictures, and says she “must be stopped” to provide useful context about the source of misogynist narratives about Hillary Clinton: History’s Greatest Monster.

This is a world in which claims of media objectivity function as little more than self-absolution from any duty to be accountable.

It is also a world in which many consumers of media rely heavily, if not exclusively, on social media for their political news. The “facts” that Hillary Clinton is a liar, that she is basically a Republican, that she is an “entitled bitch” are reduced to memes, endlessly dispensed across Facebook and Twitter, with no context or source.

Memes like the “compare them on the issues that matter” posters, which “jokingly” purport to represent Clinton’s and Sanders’ views on issues such as wolves and Harry Potter, propagate across Reddit and Tumblr, reinforcing misogynist narratives that cast Clinton as uncool and opportunistic.

Annie Zaleski wrote, on the aforementioned meme: “The obvious goal was to play up Sanders’ perceived complexity and contrast it with Clinton’s supposed #basic nature, in order to illustrate why the former was a better, hipper candidate.”

In a way that quickly and succinctly evokes all the same contempt when something is dismissed as something a mom would enjoy.

Sanders is five years older than Clinton. The humor, such as it is, isn’t rooted in Clinton’s being old, but being an old woman.

There is an infinite stream of this stuff populating the internet. All day every day, anyone going online to seek out political news is likely to encounter photoshopped images and unsourced less one-liners about Hillary Clinton’s alleged grotesquery—and far less likely to encounter in-depth analysis of how it is both misogynist and deeply dishonest.

And this, in an uninterrogated context in which all the things we are admonished to admire about Bernie Sanders—that he is passionate, that he is unpolished, that he is impolitic, that he doesn’t need to provide detailed plans on how he will accomplish his big picture agenda, that he doesn’t give a damn about what you think, man—are things that the very establishment he allegedly wants to dismantle do not afford his female competitor.

Perhaps it isn’t just that young (white) voters are disproportionately attracted to Sanders because of his policies. Perhaps it is because the way we consume media has changed and favors silly memes the inherent conciseness of which naturally relies on invoking the shorthand provided by bigotry.

Perhaps it is because Sanders is allowed to be his authentic self in a way Clinton is not and never will be, by a media that endeavors to conceal her authentic self at every turn.

It has taken me years to find the real Hillary Clinton behind a brick wall of impenetrable misogyny.

And this is the reality with which we all need to reckon: A brick wall is infinitely more difficult to shatter than a glass ceiling.

I have said this before and I daresay I will be obliged to say it again: I have not been a reflexive defender (or supporter) of Hillary Clinton the politician. I have made criticisms of her campaigning and her policy. I expect to continue to make them, because I have significant points of disagreement with some of her positions and because she makes mistakes.

I have, however, I will openly admit, become a reflexive defender (and supporter) of Hillary Clinton the person. Certainly, it is partly out of self-interest, because I am myself demeaned and caricatured by misogyny, and because I want to see more female representation in politics and don’t want enormous hurdles standing in their way.

But mostly it is because it profoundly grieves me to see the way she is treated.

It hurts my heart—and it angers me—to have uncovered a person who cares, if imperfectly, so deeply about other people and observe the many ways in which she has been turned into a monster. It is intolerable.

And I flatly refuse to abide the rank dehumanization of Hillary Clinton in silence.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6834,"“Tom Hayden? Tom Hayden?” I said to myself when I saw The Nation today. If you asked me who were the least likely activists to support Hillary, Tom Hayden would have been on the list — especially since he was already supporting Bernie. But here’s what he writes today: “I intend to vote for Hillary Clinton in the California primary for one fundamental reason. It has to do with race. My life since 1960 has been committed to the causes of African Americans, the Chicano movement, the labor movement, and freedom struggles in Vietnam, Cuba and Latin America.”

Tom Hayden was one of the highest-profile student radicals of the sixties, and an author of the Port Huron Statement, calling for the complete reformation of the Democratic party. (On a more mundane level, he was married to Jane Fonda at the height of her activist years.) He also ran successfully for the state legislature in California, and is on the board of Progressive Democrats of America. He is an anti-fracking activist.

And as of today, Hayden is a Hillary supporter. It was her nuanced position on fracking that contributed to his switch — that, and the tactics of California fracking opponents. Hayden explains:

Hillary wants limits on fracking: a ban where individual states have blocked it, like in New York; safeguards against children’s and family exposures; a ban where releases of methane or contamination of ground water are proven; and full disclosure of the chemicals used in the process. Bernie’s position is that he’s simply against all fracking. But Hillary’s position goes beyond what virtually any state has done.

As Hayden points out, Bernie’s fracking ban doesn’t include a strategic plan for implementing his policy.

There is no recognition of the overwhelming wall of opposition from the Republican Congress, which can only be broken on state-by-state organizing. The climate clock is ticking towards doomsday. Where are we moving next, beyond waiting for the overthrow of Citizens United?

The key decision point for Hayden is race, described in this moving passage:

What would cause me to turn my back on all those people who have shaped who I am? That would be a transgression on my personal code. I have been on too many freedom rides, too many marches, too many jail cells, and far too many gravesites to breach that trust. And I have been so tied to the women’s movement that I cannot imagine scoffing at the chance to vote for a woman president. When I understood that the overwhelming consensus from those communities was for Hillary—for instance the Congressional Black Caucus and Sacramento’s Latino caucus—that was the decisive factor for me.

I, for one, am impressed that Tom Hayden not only switched, but did so in a very public forum. Hillary is already building a broad and expansive coalition, one big enough to include Tom Hayden.

Welcome to the club!

(AP Photo/Lennox McLendon)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23779,"Rep. Tammy Duckworth joined Democratic lawmakers and veterans to protest a bill under consideration in the Senate that would strip away promised benefits from the children of veterans.

The legislation currently under consideration in the Republican-led Senate would cut in half a monthly housing allowance for veterans’ children who attend college on their parents’ GI bill.

Duckworth, who was severely injured when the helicopter she was piloting in Iraq was shot down, had harsh words for the legislation:

Rep. Tammy Duckworth of Illinois… said no one would accept a soldier changing his mind on the battlefield, saying “you know what? Now that the bullets are flying the costs are a little bit high. I’m not gonna go.’ “So how dare we decide, years later after we’ve made this promise [in the GI Bill] — after people enlisted or stayed in the military simply because of this benefit — that it’s too expensive, it costs us too much?” she said.

Cutting benefits we've already promised to our #Vets is unfair, wrong&simply un-American. Proud to #DefendTheGIBill pic.twitter.com/Let6sIM2rM — Tammy Duckworth (@RepDuckworth) April 14, 2016

(AP Photo/Cliff Owen)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23874,"Here, in a Nutshell, Is Jeb Bush's Problem",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107329,Cities and States are Filling the Gap While Congress Sits Back Doing Literally Nothing,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107231,How Does a Bill Become a Law? Trick Question! It Doesn't.,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13615,Former Mine CEO Indicted in Connection with 2010 Explosion,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
1775,"Contrary to the furious spin from Hillary Clinton’s adversaries in the media and Republican Party, FBI Director James Comey did not undercut Hillary’s truthfulness on her State Department emails. In fact, his statement and testimony affirm that Hillary has been honest about the email issue from day one. Here are the facts, not the spin.

“We have no basis to conclude she lied to the FBI.” — James Comey

On various occasions over the past fifteen months, Hillary has said that she did not send or receive emails containing classified information or any material marked as classified. This, to the best of her knowledge at the time, was the truth. And nothing FBI Director James Comey said in his July 5th statement or during his July 7th Congressional testimony contradicts that conclusion.

Simply put: Hillary did not lie.

According to Comey, the year-long investigation of 55,000 Hillary emails did not reveal a single email clearly marked classified. Only three — just three — of Hillary’s emails “bore markings indicating the presence of classified information.” “Bore markings” is not the same thing as “marked classified.” In his July 7 testimony before Congress, Comey said that those markings were simply a (c) symbol somewhere in the body of the email and nothing in the header or subject line. He further stated that they were improperly marked and that it was reasonable for Hillary to assume they were not classified.

Additionally, two of those emails are now known to have been mismarked as a result of “human error.” They did not contain classified information.

Here’s what those two emails were about:

One email, dated Aug. 2, 2012, noted that Kofi Annan, the former secretary general of the United Nations, was stepping down as special envoy trying to mediate the war in Syria. A second one, sent in April 2012, discussed Mrs. Clinton’s call to the newly inaugurated president of Malawi.

Absent that pair of emails, Hillary’s opponents are left with this, from Comey’s statement: “110 e-mails in 52 e-mail chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received.”

Let’s break that down. 110 out of 55,000 emails are said to have contained classified information. That’s just 0.2 percent of her emails. Crucially, these emails were not marked classified. And there is absolutely no indication or accusation that classified markings were concealed or removed.

Therefore, we can unequivocally say that out of 55,000 emails, Hillary never received or sent a single email that was both marked classified and contained classified information.

Additionally, media reports have indicated that the classified information contained in those 110 emails may frequently have been indicative of over-classification, as exemplified by the CIA classifying as top secret drone strikes that were already made public by the media.

Slate explains:

Seven of the eight email chains dealt with CIA drone strikes, which are classified top secret/special access program—unlike Defense Department drone strikes, which are unclassified. The difference is that CIA drones hit targets in countries, like Pakistan and Yemen, where we are not officially at war; they are part of covert operations. (Defense Department drone strikes are in places where we are officially at war.) But these operations are covert mainly to provide cover for the Pakistani and Yemeni governments, so they don’t have to admit they’re cooperating with America. Everyone in the world knows about these strikes; nongovernment organizations, such as New America, tabulate them; newspapers around the world—including the New York Times, where some of the same reporters are now writing so breathlessly about Clinton’s careless handling of classified information—cover these strikes routinely.

A very simple analogy is useful here. If a vegetarian ordered and consumed a vegetable dumpling off a menu and said they did not eat meat, they would be telling the truth. If a forensic investigation by the department of health later showed that the restaurant contaminated their vegetable dumplings with meat, it doesn’t retroactively make the vegetarian a liar. They were telling the truth as far as they knew it.

Extending the analogy further, saying Hillary “should have known” that 0.2 percent of her emails contained classified material when the material was unmarked, is akin to saying the vegetarian should have tasted the meat.

Put differently, why would classification markings even exist if the Secretary of State was required to divine the contents of all her emails? If everyone who has access to classified information “should know that the subject matter is classified,” then why do we even have a system that marks classified information?

The U.S. Secretary of State is one of the busiest people on the planet. It is unreasonable to expect that part of her job is to magically divine what is and is not classified — when it is unmarked. Especially considering she is working within an infrastructure where there exists a standard for marking classified information, and thus she is entitled to a reasonable expectation of not receiving classified information unmarked.

There is a system in place on which people are meant to rely. “You should have known the system was failing you and that this information was really classified” is not, actually, a reasonable standard. Not at all.

Hillary used an entirely different protocol for information she knew to be classified; clearly, if she’d known these email chains were classified, she would have handled them the way all other classified information was handled.

Another factor to consider is that in many, perhaps most, of these emails, Hillary was at the end of a long chain. Comey notably referred to email “chains” and never suggested that Hillary originated a classified email.

As a former adviser to Hillary, I know from personal experience how the process works. Hillary is often advised of an important issue or conversation by her senior aides. In fact, more than one of my emails or articles showed up among the 55,000 emails analyzed by the FBI. In each case, it was information forwarded to Hillary by an aide. [As an aside, none contained classified information.]

Comey’s testimony confirmed this point: “A lot of what ended up on Secretary Clinton’s server was stuff that had been forwarded up a chain, gets to her from her staff, a lot of that, forwarding and then she’d comment sometimes on it.”

Even if you set all these points aside, the fact that Hillary has been honest about her emails is really just common sense. If she knew she had sent or received classified information and also knew that there was an ongoing investigation that could result in a public finding, she wouldn’t make a knowingly false assertion. If she really is a scheming liar who tries to cover up misdeeds, why on earth would she say something that could be publicly proven false?

It’s patently obvious that Hillary has told the truth based on the facts she knew at the time. 110 out of 55,000 emails contained information that was NOT marked classified; nor did she know that they contained information deemed classified by other agencies. Simply put, Hillary trusted that the material she was sent — and on occasion replied to — was not classified. Because it was never marked classified. She stated her honest opinion when she said she didn’t send or receive classified information.

In his testimony today, Comey has reconciled most every apparent contradiction between his remarks Tuesday and Clinton's public statements — Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) July 7, 2016

One more fact of note on Hillary’s truthfulness:

Comey said that Clinton used numerous mobile devices. According to the sources, that also is a stretch, with the secretary using just one phone at a time. “In the normal wear and tear, you get a new phone,” one source said. “It’s just the normal wear and tear, and there was a small number of phones but never more than one at the same time.”

Comey himself conceded: “As new servers and equipment were employed, older servers were taken out of service, stored, and decommissioned.”

As we concluded previously, ultimately, this entire email story comes down to the conclusion, from the New York Times, that Comey “did not claim that Mrs. Clinton’s behavior had compromised any program or operation.” The Times quotes Steven Aftergood, director of the Project on Government Secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists, as saying, “There was no assertion of damage to national security because of this episode.”

No assertion of damage and no evidence of damage.

Most importantly, no bad intent on Hillary’s part. None whatsoever. Simply a mistake she regrets making.

She trusted government officials not to send her classified emails without markings. The fact that she placed her trust in people is what’s good about her character. The fact that her detractors in the GOP and media are trying to distort that trust into something nefarious says something about them, not her.

[Melissa McEwan contributed to this article.]

(Updated 8/4/16)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13659,Unserious GOP Stands in the Way of Climate Deal,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93121,"The 2016 election is a game of chicken between Donald Trump and the national media — who have blinked every time. He knows he has the upper hand with them and he’s gleefully making the most of it. And weakening the media plays into his strategy of mainstreaming white nationalism, which now appears to be the central focus of his presidential run.

I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2016

Actually, he first said reporters are ""the lowest form of life,"" but upgraded them instantly to ""the lowest form of humanity""

Moving on up! — Rebecca Sinderbrand (@sinderbrand) August 12, 2016

NYT reports Trump brooding over press coverage: https://t.co/3ec2tG0rQT He responds today with 7 anti-media tweets: pic.twitter.com/38ajtGXEK5 — Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) August 14, 2016

This presidential race is a high stakes showdown between Donald Trump and the national media.

Trump is consciously (and successfully) testing how far he can go without generating the kind of rabid, obsessive, sneering, dismissive coverage that Hillary has received over her emails and her so-called “trust problem.”

Astonishingly, he has yet to find that limit, the point at which the elite punditry treats him like a wretched outcast, as they reflexively do with Hillary.

Calling for the assassination of his opponent? Barely a 24 hour news cycle (a fair amount of which was excusing what he said) and back onto Hillary’s half-decade old emails.

DEAR MEDIA: You've spent a year hammering #Hillary for her emails. Now let's see how you cover #Trump calling for her assassination. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) August 9, 2016

Insisting that the sitting president is the founder of a terrorist organization? Fact check the claim like it actually has merit.

PLEASE tell me @CNN isn't fact-checking #Trump's insanely dangerous claim that @POTUS founded ISIS. This requires rebuke, not investigation. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) August 11, 2016

What abt screaming ""Obama founded ISIS"" isn't declarative? Really wish reporters would stop trying to soften #Trump. He's just that terrible — JackiSchechner (@JackiSchechner) August 12, 2016

Trump says he was ""obviously"" being sarcastic about ""founder of ISIS"" comments but then says ""but not that sarcastic."" — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) August 12, 2016

Trump knows he has the upper hand with the press and he’s playing it to the hilt. On Morning Joe, David Ignatius expressed the same befuddlement we’re hearing across the media: How do we cover Trump? Oh, how do we do it?

The answer is glaringly obvious:

Get your act together and start covering Donald the same way you cover Hillary — with dripping disdain, boundless skepticism and utter indifference to his voters. Stop acting so mystified by his obnoxious behavior. Stop pondering if he magically lives outside the normal rules of politics. He doesn’t.

With a few notable exceptions, the national media have been the great disgrace of the 2016 presidential election. This chart from Harvard’s Shorenstein Center tells you everything you need to know:

Let that sink in. The candidate who wallows in bigotry, who incites violence, who verbally abuses his critics, who is a self-avowed threat to the free press, gets more positive coverage than his opponent — an opponent he suggested should be shot! It is an astonishing commentary on the enduring capacity for sycophancy and cowardice on the part of mainstream reporters.

Horse race media is being laid bare this cycle https://t.co/EohuIQzv91 — brian doherty (@bwdoherty) August 12, 2016

Joe Scarborough, of all people, now has to play the role of the national media’s conscience:

Under the blunt headline “The GOP must dump Trump,” Scarborough penned a piece for the Washington Post strongly condemning, in no uncertain words, Donald’s incitement of violence against Hillary. “A bloody line has been crossed that cannot be ignored,” he writes. This put Scarborough firmly on the same page as iconic journalist Dan Rather, who said in a powerful Facebook statement: “No trying-to-be objective and fair journalist, no citizen who cares about the country and its future can ignore what Donald Trump said today. …This cannot be treated as just another outrageous moment in the campaign. We will see whether major newscasts explain how grave and unprecedented this is and whether the headlines in tomorrow’s newspapers do it justice.”

Until journalists and pundits let go of Hillary’s (metaphorical) jugular long enough to see the menace who taunts them, Trump will continue to say whatever he pleases. And he’ll do it until someone gets hurt, badly.

[Updated 8/14/16]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107163,"The First Lady's ""Turn Down For What"" Parody Wins the Internet",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23775,"The media have zeroed in on discrepancies between Hillary’s statements about her emails over the past year and the July 5 announcement from FBI Director James Comey. However, a fascinating new development emerged today to support what Hillary has said about the emails.

At a press briefing, State Department spokesman John Kirby said two emails marked classified were the result of “human error.”

State Dept spox Kirby just now says two emails that Comey said were 'marked classified' were wrongly marked, and were not classified. — Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) July 6, 2016

At State Dept briefing Kirby says only 2 known emails alleged to have been marked classified were not actually classified at the time — Josh Schwerin (@JoshSchwerin) July 6, 2016

UPDATE: according to St. Dept today, those two marked emails weren't classified….so 0 out of 55,000 emails were marked classified at time — Eric Boehlert (@EricBoehlert) July 6, 2016

Comey had said in his statement: “Only a very small number of the e-mails containing classified information bore markings indicating the presence of classified information.” The New York Times nailed down that “very small number” to two:

While [Comey] did not identify any, he was evidently referring to two emails that one of Mrs. Clinton’s close aides, Monica R. Hanley, sent to prepare her for telephone calls with foreign leaders, according to a State Department official familiar with the matter, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss classified information. One email, dated Aug. 2, 2012, noted that Kofi Annan, the former secretary general of the United Nations, was stepping down as special envoy trying to mediate the war in Syria. A second one, sent in April 2012, discussed Mrs. Clinton’s call to the newly inaugurated president of Malawi.

So it appears that the only two emails that were “marked” classified (or to be more precise “bore markings indicating the presence of classified information”) in Hillary’s tens of thousands of emails were erroneously marked as such.

Ultimately, this entire email story comes down to the conclusion, from the New York Times, that Comey “did not claim that Mrs. Clinton’s behavior had compromised any program or operation.”

The Times quotes Steven Aftergood, director of the Project on Government Secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists, as saying, “There was no assertion of damage to national security because of this episode.”

No assertion of damage and no evidence of damage.

Most importantly, no bad intent on Hillary’s part. None whatsoever. Simply a mistake she regrets making. And a lot of bluster over something that could have happened – but didn’t.

UPDATE: It’s officially over.

Attorney General Lynch closes investigation into @HillaryClinton email case and says there will not be any charges. pic.twitter.com/Ibds5pbDGV — Travis Sattiewhite (@Sattiewhite) July 6, 2016

DOJ announces no charges to be brought against Hillary Clinton & staff involved in email investigation — Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) July 6, 2016

UPDATE 2: James Comey Statement on Clinton Emails Proves Hillary DID NOT LIE.

UPDATE 3 (7/7/16): In his testimony before Congress, James Comey says there were only three emails that bore any sort of classified markings, and that those markings were simply a (c) somewhere in the body of the email and nothing in the header or subject line. He also stated that they were improperly marked and that it was reasonable for Hillary to assume they were not classified.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93161,"On a historic night, Donald Trump went off script and drove his campaign directly into “Beavis and Butthead” territory.

Today is the day that for all intents and purposes, the general election began. Donald, who unsurprisingly won all GOP primaries, came out early and gave a “victory” speech written by committee. It is no small irony that he used a teleprompter, a move for which he has regularly lambasted other candidates.

The speech itself was lackluster. Clearly meant to assuage the Republican Party officials who are threatening to jump ship, it was a generic word salad of meaningless platitudes.

But then Donald went off script…and off the plot:

No PPP (sic), you’re right about that. So — and you mean, ‘no pee pee.’

That’s right. The man vying for the highest office in the land just made a “pee pee” joke on the night Hillary became the first woman to become a major party’s presidential nominee.

Republicans, you must be so proud.

(AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107334,"Believing in a Flat Tax is Like Believing the Earth is Flat, So the GOP Is All In",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23881,When Even Fox News Is Taking You To Task - Might Want To Rethink Your Tactics,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93114,"According to an AP report, legal experts agree that Hillary Clinton’s lack of intent or motive to disclose or mishandle classified information undermines her detractors’ calls for an indictment.

Central to the email issue, as Hillary has repeatedly explained, is that certain emails which passed through her private server were retroactively classified as top secret. The retroactive classification is crucial, because it means she never knowingly mishandled top secret materials. Further:

The relatively few laws that govern the handling of classified materials were generally written to cover spies, leakers and those who illegally retain such information, such as at home. Though the view is not unanimous, several lawyers who specialize in this area said it’s a stretch to apply existing statutes to a former cabinet secretary whose communication of sensitive materials was with aides – not a national enemy.

The fact that legal experts have agreed that it is very unlikely that Hillary will be indicted, and that existing law isn’t designed to be (mis)applied to this situation, has largely gone uncovered by the national media.

The most likely explanation for that failure is because they want to continue to doggedly elevate this bureaucratic review into a criminal scandal, in order to take down the woman most likely to be the nation’s first female president.

(AP Photo/Evan Vucci)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107311,Lawmaker: If There Are Witnesses to Rape Then it Was a 'Really Great Party',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23733,"Donald’s obsession with Russia and its leader continues to baffle foreign policy experts. It has given rise to legitimate concerns about his loyalties. His conflicting stories of interactions with Putin, and effusive praise for Russia, are doing nothing to ameliorate those worries.

We have been documenting Donald’s alarming ties to and comments about Russia, and have noted the contradictions in his assertions about whether or not he knows Vladimir Putin.

BNR contributor Sarah Kendzior brought it to our attention that Russian media has long had an interest in Donald’s campaign:

Reviewing Russian media on Trump's campaign, it's notable how much attention he got there in 2015 — before much of US took him seriously — Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) August 1, 2016

Russian Trump campaign site. Site claims to have no official ties. Goal is to promote ""the most brilliant candidate"" pic.twitter.com/hLSPLGegCh — Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) August 1, 2016

As well as Donald’s effusive praise of Russia and his accessibility to Russian politicians:

One week before Ukraine invasion in 2014, Trump praised Russia effusively, saying Russia must ""breathe freely"" https://t.co/7nfZLUBDux — Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) August 1, 2016

More Russian media from February 2014. Headline: ""Donald Trump: Stop picking on Russia!"" – https://t.co/w04Qcnbsdg — Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) August 1, 2016

Trump: ""I have nothing to do with Russia."" Met with far-right Russian politician Vladimir Zhirinovsky in 2002. pic.twitter.com/WnhBzCXoeH — Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) August 1, 2016

And then there is this February 2014 interview that Donald did with Fox News, during which the subject turned to the Winter Olympics, then being hosted in Sochi‎, Russia. The relevant segment begins at 4:05, in which Donald is asked his opinion about security issues at the Games:

Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com

DONALD: …I think we should give the Russians a little bit of leeway here. They spent billions and billions, a number that was beyond any number I’ve ever heard.

HOST: Most spent ever.

DONALD: Oh, it’s frankly ridiculous. But they spent all of this money, and I think we should not be knocking them at this point. You know, then we wonder why they don’t like us – and why they’re eating our lunch, and every country that we’re dealing with against them.

HOST: Does it concern you –

DONALD: I really think we should say, hey look, they’re really out there doing a job. Every time I turn on the television, we’re showing about a guy knocking down a door because his door lock didn’t work. We’re showing all of these things. And I will tell you something: If I’m Putin, I’m not happy about it. And I know for a fact he’s not happy about it. When I went to Russia for the Miss Universe Pageant, he contacted me. And was so nice. And the Russian people were so fantastic to us.

I just say this: They are doing…they’re outsmarting us at many turns, as we all understand. I mean, their leaders are — whether you call them smarter, or more cunning, or whatever. But they’re outsmarting us, if you look at Syria or other places. They’re outsmarting us. I really think we should not be knocking that country with all of the money and all of the guts they put into it. And, hey, I’m a fan of our country, but we have to get along with people a little bit.

In Donald’s endless game of “I know Putin; I don’t know Putin,” here is another example of Donald saying he has spoken to Putin and had a friendly conversation with him – which he then immediately follows by the outrageous contention that Russia is “outsmarting” the United States militarily, diplomatically, and strategically.

Only to concede he is “a fan” of the United States. Wow. How magnanimous.

Generally speaking, we expect more allegiance to the United States from a potential president than merely being “a fan.”",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23750,"Have you ever stared at your TV with awe at how clueless pundits can be? I do it all the time.

Not a day has gone by in 2016 without some self-important pundit describing Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders as “change agents” while asserting that Hillary represents the status quo.

Let that sink in. Someone who just shattered a barrier that has stood for nearly a quarter millennium isn’t about “change.” Meanwhile, a filthy rich scam artist who wants to take America back to the 19th century is a “change agent.”

The sheer preposterousness makes my head hurt.

Not only is Hillary the ultimate change-maker because of the barriers she’s breaking as a woman, she’s the only candidate who can actually get things done and effectively move the country in a progressive direction. THAT’S CHANGE.

She’s a doer, not a talker. THAT’S CHANGE.

She has devoted her life to mastering the complexities of policy so that she can navigate the labyrinthine legislative process and make an actual difference. THAT’S CHANGE.

In the words of the first President Clinton:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13644,Sign the Petition to Ask Kmart to Allow Employees Time Off on Thanksgiving Day,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23923,Revenge Porn Laws Need To Be Taken Seriously,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6839,"NOTE: We’ve updated this article and headline in light of the April 14 Democratic debate, where the issue of Hillary’s transcripts was raised yet again. Bernie Sanders was confronted about this relentless attack and was unable to provide a single example of a quid pro quo on Hillary’s part.

And here’s what the pundits won’t tell you: A recent New York Times story on why Bernie is losing to Hillary contains a major admission: Bernie’s ‘release the transcripts’ attack line is “the sort of character assault he has long opposed.”

In the New York Times, Patrick Healy and Yamiche Alcindor wrote a widely-quoted story headlined “Early Missteps Seen as a Drag on Bernie Sanders’s Campaign.” The gist is that Bernie is losing to Hillary because he didn’t go hard negative on her early enough. This is a fundamental shift from the oft-repeated contention that Bernie has kept his promise that he would not go negative at all.

In fact, Bernie’s chief strategist Tad Devine told MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell, “We aren’t anywhere near what a personal, nasty campaign looks like.” A week later he told Mitchell, “There are real differences. But not going to attack her personally.”

The Times article is peppered with concessions that Bernie has, indeed, gone negative—but it is this paragraph that contains a stunning admission about Bernie’s own views of his 2016 strategy:

Mr. Sanders’s advisers urged him to challenge Mrs. Clinton over accepting $675,000 from Goldman Sachs for delivering three speeches, according to two Sanders advisers. Mr. Sanders, hunched over a U-shaped conference table, rejected it as a personal attack on Mrs. Clinton’s income — the sort of character assault he has long opposed. She has the right to make money, he offered.

Let that sink in.

Bernie Sanders, according to the New York Times, agrees with what we’ve been saying for months: His Wall Street dog whistle is a direct assault on Hillary’s integrity.

Tad Devine cements the point, openly admitting that Bernie has pivoted to a “personal attack” strategy:

“The central complication with Bernie is that he never wanted to cross into the zone of personal attacks because it would undercut his brand,” Mr. Devine said. “Is there another candidate who could have run a tough negative campaign against her from the beginning and been effective? Sure, but it couldn’t have been Bernie. That’s just not who he is.”

Notwithstanding these revelations, Bernie continues to maintain that he is taking the high road, even as he personally replicates the construction in which denials of going negative are infused with negative attacks.

His weekend interview with CNN’s Jake Tapper is getting a lot of attention because of his incredulous defense of not releasing his tax returns, but Tapper also asked Bernie about going negative against Hillary:

TAPPER: You have said that you’re not going to make an issue out of the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s e-mail server. But a high-profile surrogate of yours, the actress Rosario Dawson, she brought it up this week at one of your rallies in New York. […] Now, when it comes to the FBI investigation, are you trying to have it both ways? You don’t make any accusations against her, but one of your highest-profile surrogates does?



SANDERS: Hey, Jake, Jake, we have dozens of surrogates, and Rosario is doing a great job for us. She was with me in the South Bronx when we had 18,000 people coming out to start our campaign in New York. We have many, many surrogates who say many, many things. Many of these surrogates do not agree with everything I say. And I do not agree with every approach and everything that they say. And that’s the simple reality. What we have done — and, by the way, there are a lot of people who say, Bernie, why don’t you go after her on her FBI investigation? Why don’t you go after her on the Clinton Foundation money? We have chosen not to do that.

Note that Tapper did not even introduce the subject of “the Clinton Foundation money.” That was Bernie, who didn’t provide any context, but instead let the mere invocation serve as insinuation of corruption.

Over and over again, from calling Hillary emblematic of “the establishment,” to inextricably tying her to “Wall Street” by making allusions to her privately earned speaking fees, to fomenting conspiracy theories about how the Democratic Party is rigging the primary for Hillary—repeatedly hammering talking points that connect her to the institutions Bernie criticizes as the raison d’être for his calls for revolution—Bernie’s campaign and surrogates have implicated Hillary as corrupt.

Even after Hillary called out his “artful smear” at a February debate, telling him to stop attacking her via insinuation and urging him, “If you’ve got something to say, say it directly,” the relentless attacks by wink and suggestion have continued.

Now Team Bernie, with a helpful assist from the New York Times, at the very moment Bernie is under increased scrutiny for going negative with mendacious innuendo, is trying to rewrite the narrative that the real problem is that Bernie just had too much decency to go negative sooner.

If any of this sounds familiar, perhaps it’s because this narrative uncannily echoes the post-mortems written about another senator who lost the presidency to a popular candidate, after promising to run a positive campaign, then going negative with personal attacks delivered via innuendo and “rogue” surrogates.

John McCain, who once had a reputation as one of the most principled members of the Senate, never recovered after the appalling campaign he ran against President Obama. He, too, was supposed to have been a candidate whose unyielding integrity held him back from fighting dirty, even at the urging of his advisors—though his army of surrogates, including and especially his running mate, Sarah Palin, incessantly smeared Obama by insinuation.

After his resounding defeat, there was a desperate attempt to rewrite history to elide that it was when his campaign started going deeply negative that people started to dislike him, especially when he was obliged to publicly address his supporters’ ugly bigotry. The truth is, no amount of retroactive spin could undo the damage McCain did to himself—not because he was bursting with integrity, but because he was desperate to win.

We’re not comparing Bernie to McCain, but we are illustrating that their excuses sound awfully similar.

As we’ve been observing for months, Bernie’s decision to go hard negative on Hillary has been a terrible mistake. It will not help him win, and may cost him even more than the nomination.

And we’ll give the final word on the absurd notion that Bernie would be winning if only he tried harder to Rachel Maddow:

[Peter Daou contributed to this article]

(AP Photo/David Becker)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23896,Friday Fluff: Messed Up Map Turned Up The Heat but Weatherman Kept His Cool,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23916,Emma Watson Encourages Men to Become Feminists For Themselves Too,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93133,"The yearlong barrage against Hillary’s character by her political and media detractors is reaping scary dividends. With nowhere left to channel their unending and toxic stream of invective, her haters have stooped to calling for her imprisonment — and much worse.

Riverside County GOP Tweets, Deletes ‘I’m Ready For Hillary’ Hangman Image https://t.co/hqYH9x4Lnn — Breaking News: LA (@BreakingNewsLAC) August 4, 2016

We’ve reached peak Hillary Hate:

Trump Vets Adviser: Clinton “Should Be Put In The Firing Line And Shot For Treason” https://t.co/mUnrCVGxaS — andrew kaczynski (@BuzzFeedAndrew) July 20, 2016

This follows West Virginia Republican Michael Folk’s suggestion that Hillary be “hung on the Mall in Washington.”

The Washington Post recently scrubbed a headline saying Hillary was “in the crosshairs.”

An ABC affiliate subtitled a video: “GOP Co-Chair Sharon Day slaughters Hillary Clinton at Republican National Convention.”

This is a gravely serious situation. Our national media have eagerly mainstreamed the hatred of Hillary to a point where a good portion of the U.S. population wants nothing more than her total destruction.

Following is an email that was sent from Hillary’s campaign during the Republican convention — it is heartbreaking and infuriating that she would have to do this:

Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey (and a possible attorney general if Trump wins), stood on stage and accused Hillary of being a criminal, bellowing “GUILTY” over and over again as the crowd egged him on. He had the entire arena chanting “lock her up” — a cry that has become the mantra of the RNC. If you closed your eyes, you could imagine it being a lot like a witch trial — they were barely one step removed from screaming “burn her at the stake.” It felt like a dark turning point in American politics — a sign that our nation is on the brink of something dangerous that we might not recover from.

Shame on Hillary’s detractors, who can’t defeat her at the ballot box so will resort to verbal abuse and violent rhetoric. It is a hideous spectacle.

And we will defend her against these monstrous political attacks with every fiber of our being.

Here’s chilling context:

Trump advisor said that Hillary should be shot for treason. Right wing has done this before in a 11/63 Dallas flyer pic.twitter.com/Xq9Nri4Gwu — Harold Itzkowitz (@HaroldItz) July 20, 2016

(Updated 8/4/16)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79401,"The GOP and their media enablers are once again trying to paint the Clinton Foundation as some kind of nefarious scheme, dismissing its lifesaving work around the world.

You know what's missing in the Clinton Foundation conspiracy stories? Actual examples of favors done. — Armando (@armandodkos) August 23, 2016

It’s amazing that we’ve reached this point in the 2016 race — but not unexpected. A foundation that does vital work across the globe is now under vicious assault for purely political purposes.

Once upon a time, Republicans sang the Clintons’ praises for their charitable work and happily donated to their causes, but now that’s just a hazy memory. The GOP and national media are conducting a frenzied attack against the Clinton Foundation in the hopes of derailing Hillary’s presidential campaign.

As my colleague Peter Daou noted as far back as May, 2015, it’s a rerun of the “swiftboat” strategy that targeted John Kerry:

The 2016 election is not a replay of 2012 (the data election); it is not a replay of 2008 (the dueling histories election); it is a replay of 2004 (the swift boat election). The well-coordinated assault on the Clinton Foundation, the pillar of the Clintons’ many achievements, is analogous to the brazen assault on the pillar of John Kerry’s career, his decorated military service. … swiftboating is an intricate interplay between the conservative oppo/attack infrastructure and the mainstream media.

Republicans claim the Clintons are pocketing charitable donations or using their foundation as a slush fund (they aren’t). They claim that only 6% of the foundation’s funding goes to charity (it’s actually almost 90%). They claim that Hillary was bribed through the foundation to sell U.S. uranium mines to Russia (she didn’t even have that authority). Now, they’ve come up with a new way to try to make “Clinton Foundation” a dirty word.

A Wall Street Journal article discusses a series of emails released in the civil suit of Judicial Watch (an organization dedicated to smearing Hillary), which detail conversations between officials at the Clinton Foundation and the State Department. Republicans are focusing in particular on one email exchange between former State Department aide Huma Abedin and foundation executive Doug Band, in which they discuss granting a meeting to the crown prince of Bahrain, a benefactor who had given $$32 million to the Clinton Global Initiative.

Supposedly, this is the “smoking gun” that proves the State Department granted special favors to foundation donors. But look at what is actually said in the exchange:

Basically, Band is saying that he made a request through “official channels,” and Abedin says she is confirming that they got the request and are reaching out, also through “official channels.” Not once does she offer any special treatment or access. She’s following proper State Department procedure.

Oh, and for the record, the prince’s donation never actually went to the Clinton Foundation. It was used to create a scholarship for Bahraini students, and was given four years before Hillary became Secretary of State. So the idea this money was meant as a bribe is laughable. Yet this hasn’t stopped the media from leaping on the Clinton-traded-donations-for-favors train. No surprise there.

To peg Clinton's help for Yunus on a CF donation rather than decades of the Clinton's lauding his work is just a ridiculous charge — Michael Cohen (@speechboy71) August 23, 2016

Here are the facts: The Clinton Foundation is a highly-rated international charity and most of the people who would meet with a Secretary of State are foreign heads of state — many of whom give millions to charitable causes around the world. The office of a Cabinet Secretary is not like, say, a Senate office, and this is not like a Senate lobbying scandal. The Secretary of State doesn’t meet with lobbyists or constituents. Rather, the Secretary meets with a very small group of powerful, wealthy foreign diplomats and leaders — quite a number of whom, by the very nature of their jobs, are going to be involved with philanthropic projects worldwide.

As Secretary, Hillary met with many people who had donated to the foundation, but there is ZERO evidence she has ever given any of them special favors. Clinton was not involved with the foundation’s management while in office, per federal law. The foundation has disclosed all of its donors and financials with the utmost transparency, and, while Clinton was Secretary, made an agreement with the government not to accept any new foreign donors. And, guess what? They also made plans to adopt even tougher rules if Clinton becomes President. So where exactly is the conflict of interest?

These attacks on the Clinton Foundation affect real people’s lives. As James Carville makes clear, millions of people owe their lives to the work of the Clinton Foundation’s doctors, teachers, and scientists.

""People will die"" if @ClintonFdn is shut down. – @JamesCarville touts the achievements of the Clinton Foundation https://t.co/avxJcG6hWx — Anderson Cooper 360° (@AC360) August 23, 2016

It’s a travesty that a charity which has for years taken on the most noble causes — improving literacy in developing countries, distributing lifesaving medicine to 10 million people around the world, promoting healthfulness in U.S. schools, building children’s hospitals in war-torn African nations — has become a punching bag, even as the media skim over the Trump Foundation’s blatantly illegal payment to the Attorney General of Florida.

It seems as though nothing, not even one of the most successful philanthropic undertakings in modern history, is immune from Republican (and corporate media) smear jobs if it means taking Hillary down.

UPDATE 8/23/2016: The Clinton campaign has issued a lengthy response to the AP’s Clinton Foundation story and its “outrageous” misrepresentations:

Clinton spokesman on AP report re: State meetings: ""This story relies on utterly flawed data"" – Full statement: pic.twitter.com/BNnWDki4RB — Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) August 23, 2016

[Peter Daou and Melissa McEwan contributed to this article.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6860,"Anti-Hillary conspiracy theorist Roger Stone has played a substantial role in Donald Trump’s presidential campaign. Stone — who has been banned from CNN and MSNBC for racist and sexist remarks — once wrote that the idea that the Clintons killed 83 people is “excessive” and that they’re “only plausibly responsible” for half that number. Now, he is claiming that the Clintons killed John F. Kennedy Jr.

Stone has had a long career in political dirty tricks, perhaps starting when he “played a bit part in the Watergate scandal” during the Nixon years. He more recently formed an anti-Hillary group called “C.U.N.T.” and later helped Trump in the Obama birther movement.

Stone was an official Trump campaign staffer until he left last August (both Stone and the Trump camp have competing narratives as to why he departed). But since then, Trump has continued to promote wild claims and conspiracy theories originating from Stone in an attempt to attack Hillary.

In fact, Stone’s friend and former lobbying firm business partner Paul Manafort is now the Trump campaign’s convention manager. Stone and Manafort ran the infamous “Southern Strategy,” which some say is what made Trump’s rise possible.

Most recently, Stone called on Trump’s delegates to sign a loyalty oath and threatened to disclose to the hotels and room numbers of those delegates who switch from Trump to another candidate at the Convention.

While Stone had previously denied that the Clintons killed JFK Jr. (Kennedy died in a plane crash in 1999, which the NTSB ruled was an accident due to pilot error), he said during a recent appearance on a fringe right-wing radio show that his new book will prove the Clintons were involved.

ROGER STONE: I have coming up next year a book which I make the case that John F. Kennedy Jr. was murdered. And he was murdered by the Clintons because he was in the way. Now I have extraordinary new evidence that nobody else has seen.

Listen here, via Media Matters:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23860,Four-Time Championship Speech Coach Loses Job at High School for Being Gay,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23768,"Since Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump clinched their respective nominations, one of the most pernicious emergent narratives has been that this presidential election is pitting two historically unpopular candidates against each other. The narrative implies that they are equally unpopular, and for the same reasons. This could not be further from the truth.

On Meet the Press, Chuck Todd led a discussion with guests Democratic Senator Cory Booker and Republican Senator Bob Corker, about Hillary and Donald being “polarizing.”

When Booker made it plain that a false equivalency was being drawn between the two candidates, noting that Donald has engaged in “gratuitously demeaning women, demeaning Muslims, demeaning Latinos at a time where our country needs reconciliation” and “callously stoking hate and fear and inflaming divide,” Todd insisted that Hillary “is almost as polarizing and as divisive.”

Watch:

This media narrative is so manifestly objectionable that the editorial board of the Washington Post penned a piece straightforwardly addressing the false equivalence: “Both are unpopular. Only one is a threat.” After noting that Hillary “is not a dumpster candidate,” they observe:

Mr. Trump, by contrast, has waged a campaign based on bigotry, ignorance and resentment. … Just in recent days, Mr. Trump tweeted out an anti-Semitic image circulating on neo-Nazi websites and attacked the media for reporting as much. … He praised one of the most vile dictators of the 20th century. … [He] mocked a disabled reporter, proposed banning Muslims from entering the United States, attacked a judge based on his ethnicity, celebrated violence at his rallies, demeaned women and promised to round up and deport 11 million undocumented immigrants. [He] vaulted to political prominence with race-based attacks on the incumbent president and launched his campaign by calling Mexicans rapists.

This false equivalency is something we have called out a number of times at BNR. My colleague Peter Daou made the case on CNN. And I recently wrote: “Further, as we have previously pointed out in this space—and will no doubt be obliged to keep pointing out—Trump has a high unfavorable rating because of what kind of person he is and the things he has actually done, while Hillary’s high unfavorables are largely a function of nearly three decades of persistent negative media narratives with their roots in both classism and misogyny.”

Despite efforts to conceal them, there are demonstrably meaningful differences in who has an unfavorable view of which candidate—and why.

Here, for example, are the demographic groups where Hillary’s favorability ratings are above 50 percent, as reported by Gallup on May 27:

And here are the demographic groups where Donald’s favorability ratings are above 50 percent:

No, that is not a mistake. There is literally not a single one of all 62 of Gallup’s demographic categories in which Donald is above 50 percent favorability—not even white men 50 and over.

Just in sheer numbers, the disparities between Hillary’s favorables and unfavorables are fundamentally different. But the context of those numbers is critically important, too: She is liked by a majority of the very same groups who are consistently under attack by Donald, his surrogates, and his supporters.

Donald is disliked, in large part, because he is a bigot and a bully. And Hillary is disliked, in some part, because she refuses to alienate the same marginalized people that Donald targets. In a March article in the New York Times about white male voters who don’t favor Hillary, white men expressed their concerns that she was spending too much time talking to and about people who aren’t white men.

One man said plainly: “She’s talking to minorities now, not really to white people, and that’s a mistake.” Another said: “If I’m a woman, I probably vote for Hillary. If I’m Hispanic, I vote for Hillary. Blacks will vote for Hillary. But white people, especially white men—she has a big problem there.” A third complained: “I really wonder if she wants people like me in the Democratic Party.”

The modern Republican Party didn’t invent the identity-based divisions in this country, but they have ruthlessly exploited them, fomenting profound resentments against marginalized people—resentments which Donald has now made the centerpiece of his campaign.

Hillary, on the other hand, has spent her campaign talking about what she is going to do to help the marginalized people harmed by these resentments and the institutional systems of oppression that have been erected to safeguard privilege. “Breaking down barriers” is central to her message. Opportunities, access, justice for people who are denied these things.

I cannot put this any more plainly: Donald is polarizing because he traffics in bigotry. Hillary is polarizing because she advocates eradicating it.

And, of course, because she has herself been subjected to decades of public personal attacks on the basis of her identity. To conflate Hillary’s unpopularity with Donald’s while casually eliding her womanhood is deceptive in the extreme.

We still live in a culture where being a woman matters. A lot. Even in spite of the absurd rhetorical pretzels into which people will twist themselves trying to argue their criticisms have nothing to do with her gender.

What a ludicrous contention on its face that her being a woman has nothing to do with why she is “divisive,” when her candidacy is history-making because there’s never before been a woman in her position.

Her supporters, however, are not fooled by any of this claptrap. We see her capacity to unify—Bernie’s supporters are unifying behind her at a remarkable pace—and we see her dedication to addressing the concerns and amplifying the voices of marginalized people, even when it’s unpopular with the privileged people driving the national conversation.

The question of whether any candidate has the capacity to unite the country is the wrong one to ask. No candidate in our deeply partisan country has the singular capacity to unite us all. The question is whether any candidate is running a campaign that seeks to unite people.

Clearly, Hillary is doing that—and Donald emphatically isn’t. If people refuse to unite behind Hillary because unity requires centering people who have been left out, that isn’t her fault.

If social progress were popular, we wouldn’t need social progress in the first place. Resistance is what necessitates champions.

Hillary is a champion. Donald is an exploiter of the very divisions she seeks to remove.

They aren’t unpopular, or divisive, or polarizing, or whatever variation, because they are the same. To the absolute contrary, they are both “unliked” for reasons of their inherent difference.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107270,Marco Rubio Leads the Threat for Another Gov’t Shutdown in December,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107298,Rick Perry tries to explain his offensive remarks with offensive remarks,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79512,"This is an inspiring story.

Ruline Steininger was born seven years before women got the right to vote. She’s seen quite a lot in her 103 years on this planet: two World Wars, the Great Depression, a man on the moon, and seventeen male presidents.

And this year, she’s found a reason to extend her remarkable life just a little bit longer: she wants to vote for Hillary Clinton for president.

“I can die later,” she said, “I never thought we’d see a woman president, but this is the year.”

This is the year indeed.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79414,"It appears it is Republicans, not Democrats, who have a third party problem.

Sometimes, when a person so vehemently disagrees with the nominee their party has put forward, they decide to vote third party. Media coverage wrongly suggests Sanders voters will vote third party in meaningful numbers, when Republicans have expressed far more interest in voting for a third party candidate.

Polls released recently have shown that the media are ignoring this group at their own peril. A surprisingly large number of Republicans plan to vote for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson this election.

From a recent IBD/TIPP Poll:

Four times as many Republicans intend to vote for a third party candidate as Democrats. Many of these Republicans have one candidate in mind: Gary Johnson – the Libertarian candidate, who has been pushing hard for Republican votes:

“I think Donald Trump wholly alienates more than half of Republicans,” Johnson told MSNBC. “If nothing comes of this election with regard to the Libertarian Party, then nothing is going to ever come of it, I don’t think.” – Source: MSNBC

According to the most recent Monmouth Poll, which heavily explored Johnson’s third party candidacy, Johnson was winning 13% of Republicans compared to only 4% of Democrats. Other independent candidates didn’t even make the cut. The evidence of Republican interest in Johnson is even clearer when you look at Google Trends. Gary Johnson spiked after Trump became the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party:

This is a major problem for Trump. In 2000, Ralph Nader’s presence swung the race heavily and has been cited as the reason Bush won the election. For comparison, Ralph Nader never polled above 6% in the 2000 election cycle polls. As more people see the dissension in the ranks of the Republican Party leadership, they may feel emboldened to cast their vote for a candidate they see as less extreme than Donald Trump.

Rachel Maddow reports on Gary Johnson’s rising numbers:

(AP Photo/ Richard Shiro)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93083,"Trump is all in on the “woman card” attack against Hillary — and that’s a good thing for her.

New York Times reporter Amy Chozick tweets:

Clinton campaign raised $$2.4 million off of Trump's ""woman's card"" comments, 40% were new donors, best fundraising stretch so far, per aide. — Amy Chozick (@amychozick) May 2, 2016

Notably, 40% of those who contributed were new donors. So a lot of women who were still on the sidelines were inspired to donate by Trump’s sexist comments and Hillary’s brilliant “deal me in” retort.

We’re seeing the first important indications of how Trump’s political inexperience (and arrogance) will work against him in a general election. He seems to believe that the GOP primary playbook will yield the same dividends in a matchup against Hillary.

He couldn’t be more mistaken.

[Susan Madrak contributed to this article.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
89289,Bobby Jindal Might Be Even Weirder Than Donald Trump,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107227,"Bernie Sanders: ""You Can't Criticize the President for Trying to Think This One Through.""",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107191,"Here Are Clinton, Sanders and O’Malley On TPP And On Guns",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93142,"Every candidate promises to fight for voters. But some candidates are better than others at listening to the voters, getting to know our struggles and needs, and figuring out just what it is that we need them to fight for.

Hillary Clinton started her 2016 campaign with a listening tour. She wanted to meet with the people she hoped to serve as their president, so she could hear what they had to say.

Because there isn’t anything she does that the media don’t spin into a negative, it wasn’t long before her listening tour was reframed as a cynical bid to avoid press scrutiny. Suddenly there were stories keeping track of how many days it had been since she’d answered a question from the press.

Her campaign spokesperson Jesse Ferguson explained: “The focus of our ramp up period is to hear from voters about the issues they care about. She’s enjoyed engaging in hours of public question and answers sessions and, as the campaign progresses, looks forward to more engagement with voters and the press as well.”

The media narrative that she was “inaccessible” persisted nevertheless. But Hillary wasn’t inaccessible to voters. That was the whole point.

Many of the negative frames that we see about Hillary come from media who are petulant about her guardedness toward them. (And without a trace of irony or self-awareness about how their coverage of her over decades might undergird her distrust.) Misrepresenting Hillary’s listening tour as evidence of her alleged elitism and insularity, however, was particularly egregious.

Because listening to people she seeks to help has been a centerpiece of Hillary’s career.

When average people from extraordinary—and often painful—circumstances are asked why they campaign with and for her, they say, almost unanimously, that it is because she listened to them.

The Mothers of the Movement, women whose advocacy and fortitude have been obliged by sorrow, credit Hillary’s listening to them for why they campaign with her.

Then Hillary Clinton comes in, she sits down. And immediately it was like she’s at our kitchen table. There was this overwhelming sense that this is family. She said, “I’m honored to be here with you guys. Tell me about your daughter, your son.” And we were like, “My God.” She took her time and listened to each one of us around the table.

Not only did she hear about these tragedies in the news and on social media and from her staffers, she heard first-hand from the mothers. And she’s a mother. She’s a grandmother. She’s a wife. She’s a woman. She related to us at a time when nobody else would listen.

I chose Hillary because of her record, because of her caring spirit, and because she’s a listener and she’s been involved since we got together.

“She’s a listener” is a thing I have read again and again, from people who have worked for her and people who have met her, even if it was only the briefest of meetings.

And should they meet her once more, she remembers the details from their previous encounter. Because listening, for her, is not a gimmick or a party trick: It’s the way she comes to understand the world, and the people who inhabit it.

Even her most fervent detractors will begrudgingly acknowledge her enviable breadth of knowledge on a vast variety of subjects. That expertise didn’t get absorbed from the ether. She is, famously, a voracious learner—and to be a learner is to be a listener.

Her likely opponent in the general election, Donald Trump, seemingly likes to listen to nothing but the sound of his own voice. And it shows. He famously cited himself as his chief foreign policy expert: “I’m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I’ve said a lot of things. …[M]y primary consultant is myself.”

By contrast, I believe if Hillary had the time and opportunity to sit down with every potential voter in the nation to listen to their stories, she would.

Failing that, she does the closest thing she can: While her primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, was holding gigantic rallies in NYC ahead of the New York primary, she was working small crowds at neighborhood shops. And she won the state.

She’s taken an enormous amount of flak for the comparative lack of huge rallies along her campaign trail—the dearth of which has also served to underwrite erroneous narratives about a supposed lack of enthusiasm among her supporters. But overseeing huge rallies isn’t Hillary’s forte, because it doesn’t provide the opportunities she wants to listen.

In a Buzzfeed profile of Hillary, she details her preferences for townhall events—and even smaller venues—because they allow her to be physically close to people, to achieve “a level of intimacy that you don’t get unless you’re somehow in somebody else’s space.” The sort of intimacy which provides “a sense of being anchored in your life as well as other people’s lives.”

There are endless accounts of the way she listens to people at political events, the way she invites and hears their personal stories, searching their circumstances to find ways to help.

In the New Hampshire Union Leader, Kathy Sullivan wrote:

In a way that I have never seen with any other candidate, Democrat or Republican, current or former, Hillary Clinton absorbs these personal stories and then acts on them. In her first campaign trip to New Hampshire, she heard about the heroin epidemic and the toll it is taking on families. She now has a plan to address the crisis. At other events, she heard from people with spouses and/or parents with Alzheimer’s. As a result, she now has a plan to provide tax credits to caregivers, and to invest in research for treatment and a potential cure. In short, Clinton doesn’t just politely listen and then move on to the next person. She listens and then does something. She puts it this way: She wants to work on the problems that keep people up at night.

She’s not just a listener, but a productive one. It’s a rare politician who takes the time to listen in the first place, and rarer still to do the follow-up work of developing reactive policy that makes people feel heard.

There are an endless number of politicians who will promise to fight for me. (And for you.) But one of the main reasons #ImWithHer is because she’s shown me, over and over, that she’s done the work to understand just what it is we need her to fight for. Without that, it’s just an empty promise.

And I can get those anywhere.

(Photo by Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93135,"We have reached peak Hillary Hate, and I’m not going to mince words anymore: The media are complicit in fomenting escalating hatred against her. Their cavalier and irresponsible repetition of lies, uncritical reporting of conservative expressions of hostility toward her, and inflammatory headlines are creating a toxic environment that must change.

The national media’s treatment of Hillary has never been great. Whether it’s endlessly discussing her “likability,” or casually referring to her as “Godzillary” or “a Lovecraftian monster, the Cthulhu of American politics,” or depicting her with devil horns, or portraying her as a towering man-crushing monster, or constantly subjecting her to Remember Your Place pictures, or saying she “must be stopped,” they have long been prominent purveyors of narratives about Hillary being History’s Greatest Monster.

But their coverage in 2016 has been a total disgrace. A complete and utter embarrassment, culminating with this now-scrubbed headline care of the Washington Post:

Not only are the WaPo’s editors evidently watching a different convention than the rest of us if they imagine Donald is having “a moment of triumph,” but where is their sense of decency that they would say Hillary is in “the crosshairs”? Using such violent rhetoric at any time would be extraordinarily cruel, but to do so in the middle of a national nightmare of mass shootings is truly breathtaking.

And the replacement is hardly any better:

“Focus their fire.” This is truly unconscionable.

And it comes on the heels of another absurdly dishonest headline from them: The continuing political decline of Hillary Clinton.

The “political decline.” Of a woman who just made history. Who won her primary by a large margin and is leading in the general election polls. Who is the closest any woman has ever come to the White House.

The story opens thus: “If it weren’t for Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton would be the most disliked major-party presidential nominee in recent American history.”

Sure. If it weren’t for Donald. It doesn’t have anything to do with a media who has been writing dogshit articles like this about her for thirty years.

And continue to write them, even as the Republican convention is peppered with unfathomable garbage like Dr. Ben Carson suggesting she’s aligned with the Devil and prominent speakers leading chants of “lock her up.”

After calling for someone who has never been convicted of a crime, or even indicted, to be sent to prison, where is there to go from here? Republicans’ hatred of Hillary has escalated to a point where literally the only room left is calls for violence.

And here we are: “Political rivals called on a West Virginia lawmaker to resign after he suggested on social media that Hillary Clinton be “hung on the Mall in Washington.” Republican Michael Folk is a United pilot, and was suspended by the airline.

Unfortunately, he’s not alone: New Hampshire state representative Al Baldasaro, who advises Donald on veterans’ issues, said “Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason.” Repugnant, to say the least. And dangerous.

The fact is this: despite all the vitriol, Hillary is a popular presidential candidate. How can I make such a controversial claim, in spite of her high unfavorables (ahem) and relentless articles detailing how unpopular she is? Because she won.

Because in winning her party’s nomination, she defeated Bernie Sanders, who himself was a popular candidate, by millions of votes and hundreds of delegates. Because she was a popular First Lady. Because she was a popular Senator. Because she was a popular Secretary of State. Because she has been the most admired women in the world for two decades.

And, no, that’s not hyperbole.

But you wouldn’t know that Hillary is popular, if you depended exclusively on corporate media for your news—because there is a seemingly endless parade of stories about how unpopular she is (whoops!); how unliked she is (bloop!); how little enthusiasm there is for her candidacy (uh-oh!).

Another perfect exemplar, care of Politico: “Trump panic drives progressives toward Clinton.” Its subhead reads: “At Netroots Nation, there was little love for Hillary but plenty of concern about the need to defeat the presumptive GOP nominee.”

Little love for Hillary. Isn’t there always.

Except, you know, her Flickr account is filled—absolutely filled—with amazing images like these. Many of her supporters are deeply moved by her candidacy; they cheer for her; they show up for her; they smile when they see her.

But when it comes to Hillary Clinton, how her most avid supporters feel somehow doesn’t count.

Donald Trump is defined by his fervent supporters. So was Bernie. But not Hillary. The ardent supporters at her rallies are rarely mentioned—and even more rarely featured in news photos. Her large, loyal campaign staff gets less attention than Donald’s campaign of about three rotating bullies. Her supporters who publicly write about their zeal for her candidacy and/or her person are dismissed as shills, hacks, and minions.

Because no one could authentically like Hillary. Haven’t you heard? She’s unlikable.

Like most women, the standard by which Hillary is judged—and thus ever found wanting—is perfection. Anything less than perfection will not do. And naturally, how “perfection” is defined is an ever-moving target.

Let us never forget that, in the 1990s, Hillary was routinely demonized for being too liberal, too feminist, too liberal. And now she is demonized for not being enough of any of these things.

No candidate is perfect. But only Hillary gets subjected to endless stories framed by how not everyone “loves” her; how some of her supporters have criticisms of some of her policies (no kidding). As if these things are not entirely typical of every presidential candidate, but are instead an indicator that there’s something special and uniquely wrong about Hillary.

Even pieces that are nominally enthusiastic are couched in obligatory caveats about how “she’s not perfect, but…” As opposed to the presidential candidates who are perfect, one supposes. Whoever they are.

Perfection is an aggressively unreasonable standard. It’s quite literally dehumanizing: No human is perfect. And it sets up failure as the only possible result when judged by that standard.

Meanwhile, Hillary’s opponent is being measured against zero standards altogether. Donald can never disappoint, when the expectation is that he will definitely do the worst possible thing at all times.

If Donald only lies 27 times in a day, he’s congratulated for not lying 30 times. What a guy! Look at him—he’s really turning himself into presidential material!

This is simply not just. And with so much at stake in this election, it’s criminally irresponsible, too.

Whether Hillary is liked (she is) or popular (that, too) or garners enthusiasm (yep) isn’t actually even relevant to whether she can be a competent and effective president who champions policies that are in the nation’s best interests.

It’s the only area of measureable assessment, however, where the media can compare Hillary and Donald under the auspices of making it a horserace.

They create mendacious narratives about Hillary, broadcast them, poll people on their views (which is really just polling to see if their false narratives have resonated), and then report that people are regurgitating their negative reporting. This is a demonstrable pattern.

And then they juxtapose that information against the impossible standard of perfection.

I have a problem with this. Not just because it’s yet another iteration of how gender bias works against Hillary. Not just because it’s unfair in basic principle. Although those, too. But because my country’s future depends on Donald not getting elected.

I am deeply resentful of anyone who plays stupid Hillary-hating games when there is so much to lose by playing them.

And I am absolutely done with pulling my punches about how dangerous these games are becoming.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23893,State Agencies In Kansas Don’t Recognize Legal Marriages From Their Own State,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107405,California Drought Just got Real. Governor Ready to Turn off the Water,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93097,"Watch Samantha Bee take on obstructionist Senate Republicans in the latest episode of Full Frontal with Samantha Bee.

We’ve talked a lot about GOP obstructionism of President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland. And we’ve highlighted polls that show American voters clearly want their senators to do their Constitutional duty or risk losing their jobs in the fall.

Samantha Bee dedicated a portion of her show Monday evening to Republican antics:

Support for a hearing has remained consistently strong: a CNN poll found that two thirds of respondents want the Senate to hold a hearing on Garland. And several vulnerable Senate Republicans, including Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Sen. Rob Portman (R-OH), Sen. Pat Toomey (R-PA), Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI), Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC), and even Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), are facing pressure from voters who are less likely to vote for them if they fail to hold hearings.

Republicans have a big problem on their hands.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107359,Republican Candidate: 2016 Elections Will be Cancelled on Account of Anarchy,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23752,"Conventional wisdom has congealed among Trump’s critics that he is either stupid, publicity-hungry, narcissistic, incompetent, or some combination thereof. Each of these explanations for his dangerous behavior exonerates him in some way. The truth is much worse.

The political and media elites have been struggling to figure out Trump’s behavior: His Alex Jones-style conspiracy-mongering; his meticulously crafted words of incitement and exhortations to violence; his attacks on a federal judge; his description of President Obama as a terrorist (the “founder of ISIS”); his birtherism; his retweets of neo-Nazis; his eliminationist language toward Hillary Clinton; his fierce misogyny and indifference to sexual harassment; his feud with the Khan family; his Muslim ban; his use of anti-Semitic symbols; his embrace of torture; his capriciousness about the proliferation and use of nuclear weapons; his praise for dictators; his flirtations with Putin; his welcoming of Russian cyber-espionage; his undiluted xenophobia; his racist dog whistles (“look at my African-American”); his infamous border wall and relentless anti-Mexican bigotry; his claims of a “rigged” election; his unconcealed calls for voter intimidation; his refusal to disavow ties to white supremacists.

The most common refrains to explain this recklessness and rank bigotry are exculpatory: Trump is incompetent, dumb, doesn’t know how to pivot to a general election, a publicity hound, mentally unstable, can’t control his tongue, undisciplined, out of his league, and so on.

Don’t buy it. It’s what his pro-Russia strongman Paul Manafort wants you to believe.

Donald Trump is shrewd, smart, cunning and cold. And he has surrounded himself with a bevy of questionable characters, from Corey Lewandowski to Roger Stone. The shadiest of all is Manafort, his campaign chair:

Handwritten ledgers show $$12.7 million in undisclosed cash payments designated for Mr. Manafort from Mr. Yanukovych’s pro-Russian political party from 2007 to 2012, according to Ukraine’s newly formed National Anti-Corruption Bureau. Investigators assert that the disbursements were part of an illegal off-the-books system whose recipients also included election officials.

Anyone ever heard of an American consultant helping set up a political organization OPPOSED to the West? #Manafort https://t.co/SyxOCU3EKc — Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) August 15, 2016

While reading the Manafort Russian payment story, keep in mind we have no idea if @realDonaldTrump is getting paid by Russians. #taxreturns — stuart stevens (@stuartpstevens) August 15, 2016

$$12.7M in cash was earmarked for Paul Manafort from pro-Russia party. What's next? Diamonds under a bridge? — Adam Parkhomenko (@AdamParkhomenko) August 15, 2016

This is from a week ago: by all appearances Manafort flat-out lied on the GOP platform re his client Ukraine https://t.co/LU9VRrKE0s — James Fallows (@JamesFallows) August 15, 2016

Manafort and Trump are cut from the same cloth — and they are both up to no good. Trump has been openly flirting with Putin for most of the 2016 election and explicitly called on Russian hackers to conduct espionage against the U.S.

Daily Kos:

In particular this is one place where both Donald Trump and campaign manager Paul Manafort are deliberately, publicly, and obviously lying. And that should be setting off major alarms. Donald Trump campaign Chair Paul Manafort denied Sunday a two-week-old report that the campaign pushed for changes in the Republican platform that softened the party’s stance on helping Ukraine defend itself against Russian aggression. …When asked once more if anyone on the campaign was involved, Manafort said, “No one, zero.” The problem with Manafort’s claim is that there are hundreds of witnesses to the contrary.

In recent days, I’ve proposed the argument — based on substantial evidence — that Trump is not seeking the White House but a white nationalist “awakening.”

In effect, his ambitions are larger than just the presidency.

My basic premise is that Trump isn’t stupid or incompetent. Quite the opposite. He uses words as weapons with greater mastery than just about anyone in politics. When he talks about a “rigged election,” he knows precisely how those words will resonate with his most extreme supporters.

And those words are not just his. Manafort and Trump are tag-teaming.

Paul Manafort continues to hype fears of ""rigged"" general election in November https://t.co/UiAxggHUkC pic.twitter.com/SmHjJpXhxV — Talking Points Memo (@TPM) August 6, 2016

With new revelations about Manafort’s dirty Ukraine dealings, and after a month of statements by Trump that incite instability and violence, it’s time to ditch the conventional wisdom that Trump is just a self-serving fool. In fact, we are the fools if we continue to buy into that notion.

There’s a reason Manafort wants us to believe Trump is stupid. And it’s not a good one.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93165,"Bernie starts the Ohio Democratic forum by blasting Donald Trump: “He’s inciting violence” by offering to pay legal fees for someone who sucker punched a protester.

This comes after Trump tweeted the following:

Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 13, 2016

Good for Bernie, hitting back hard at Trump.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107429,7 videos that show Chris Christie can't dance away his problems,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93127,"Positively mind-numbing to see anyone trying to question the integrity or judgment of a giant like Rep. John Lewis. See the instant outcry below (and we’ve included a few heinous examples to illustrate how low these trolls will go).

You best not come for John Lewis. Regardless of whom u support (#feelthebern or #ImWithHer) do not come for the walking hero. — Jose Antonio Vargas (@joseiswriting) February 11, 2016

https://twitter.com/duraznomar/status/697842295987515394

John Lewis who got his ass beat in the 60s by cops is establishment bc he's in Congress, but Sanders who's also in Congress isn't?

The jig. — ☔️ Imani Gandy ☔️ (@AngryBlackLady) February 11, 2016

Folks coming for John Lewis had better think twice. He doesn't owe you or your candidate anything. pic.twitter.com/gR1uwaynWo — Adriane Farray (@AFarray) February 11, 2016

Yall Bashing John Lewis while using Selma marching photos as receipts.. Sanders didnt march in Selma shut up alreadyhttps://t.co/PUgojD8IMd — HalleBerryHive (@dilemmv) February 11, 2016

@EdAsante77 John Lewis is a race baiting shit bag. — Milo VoteTrumpOrDie (@lenardgamergate) February 11, 2016

Dear God, who is attacking John Lewis? https://t.co/CEKQikXk8Z — Joan Walsh (@joanwalsh) February 11, 2016

But I'm not tho. I just find it hilarious. John Lewis is set to vote for an old school segregationist. House. Nigga. https://t.co/5UdA8DSoEt — 2nite @ 6 (@Your_Vokal_News) February 11, 2016

John Lewis must have Alzheimer's — Jarrod Neil Myrick (@jarrodmyrick) February 11, 2016

https://twitter.com/PoliticsPeach/status/697841264994230272

Meh! John Lewis is race hustler. He isn't fit to carry MLK's jock strap. https://t.co/7ZruD2uVx5 — RINO Hunter (@nvr2conservativ) February 11, 2016

You have to give her credit- @HillaryClinton panders to boobs like John Lewis way better than @SenSanders does. — L. Todd Webb (@LToddWebb) February 11, 2016

Not going to attack John Lewis but his comments were pretty shitty about Sanders. Like Sanders didn’t kiss his ring, so advocacy not legit. — Candice (@BBCandice) February 11, 2016

John Lewis slander will NOT be tolerated! The end! — Shashana (@1978BABY) February 11, 2016

Dear #FeelTheBern stans, Despite the fact that he is supporting Hillary, we will not be coming for John Lewis. That is all. Carry on. — Tanya (@L_Volution) February 11, 2016

@Your_Vokal_News all Bc John Lewis endorsed Hillary now he's the N word and she using the House N ppl smh you like Bernie ok so now hate smh — Majah_Navy (@Fenndiii) February 11, 2016

Between this John Lewis business and #HowToTalkToBlackWomen, the Sanders campaign isn't having the best day. — ☔️ Imani Gandy ☔️ (@AngryBlackLady) February 11, 2016

Does it matter John Lewis fought for Civil Rights? What?! Folks wld still be at polling stations counting bubbles in a bar of soap! #WakeUp — Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) February 11, 2016

Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, you see people attacking John Lewis. — ¡Gabe! Ortíz (@TUSK81) February 11, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23734,"Like his “Trump University,” Donald Trump’s campaign for president is nothing but a giant scam. We’re getting a glimpse of what’s to come if this inveterate con man is elected—and we need to be paying attention to avoid the swindle.

Trump University, the now-defunct “university,” which was little more than an offering of seminars on subjects like real estate tax loopholes, is now the target of three different lawsuits, one of which was brought by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who described Trump University as “a classic bait and switch scheme. It was a scam.” If you want to know what a Donald Trump presidency would look like—from false promises to a resistance to accountability—just check out the tale of Trump University.

In addition to the case brought by Schneiderman—who notes, “We sued him long before anyone thought he might run for President. This is not a political case, it’s just a straight-up fraud case.”—there is a class-action federal lawsuit brought by disgruntled students of Trump University, who say they were swindled.

Some of the most damning testimony has come from former managers who “portray it as an unscrupulous business that relied on high-pressure sales tactics, employed unqualified instructors, made deceptive claims and exploited vulnerable students willing to pay tens of thousands for Mr. Trump’s insights.”

One sales manager testified that Trump University was “a fraudulent scheme [which] preyed upon the elderly and uneducated to separate them from their money.” An event manager testified that students were pressured to max out their credit cards to pay for classes. A sales executive testified that students were lured with the promise that Donald would be personally and actively involved in their education, which was, simply, “a facade, a total lie.”

Last September, in a Washington Post article on Trump University, a former student named Bob Guillo, who “put $$34,995 on his American Express card to pay for the Trump Gold Elite package” and “said he walked away with little more than meaningless certificates of completion and a photograph of himself with a life-size image of The Donald,” says he now feels “stupid that I was scammed by Trump.”

And now he sees the same thing happening to voters: “He’s the biggest phony in the world, yet people as gullible as me think he’s the greatest guy in the world. When I watch him on TV, I’m really impressed. I think, ‘How can people believe in him?’ And I think, ‘Well, Bob, you believed in him in 2009. You gave him $$35,000.’ ”

Donald’s pitch for the presidency sounds an awful lot like the big promises he made to students at Trump University: “Politicians have used you and stolen your votes. They have given you nothing. I will give you everything. I will give you what you’ve been looking for for 50 years. I’m the only one.”

He promises “everything.” A promise just as absurd—and unconscionably undeliverable—as his promise to Trump University students to give them the tools to make them as obscenely wealthy as he is. And he would deliver exactly as much to voters as he did to the students of his university scam: Bupkes.

And now that Donald is being sued for his deeply unethical fraud, he is deeply resistant to any attempt to hold him accountable for having perpetrated it. In a tirade reminiscent of his brazen assault on the media, Donald unleashed racist fury on U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is overseeing the class-action case in California, calling Curiel “very hostile,” a “hater of Donald Trump,” and someone who “should be ashamed of himself.”

He further implied that Curiel’s ethnicity renders him unable to be impartial, saying that Curiel “happens to be, we believe, Mexican.” (Curiel, for the record, was born in East Chicago, Indiana.)

Just as Donald attempts to intimidate and discredit the press when they try to hold him accountable, he is attempting to intimidate and discredit the judge tasked with assessing his accountability. His profound disrespect for institutions on which we depend to check executive power is chilling.

And, as he himself confessed, we can expect the same when he is president.

This, then, is what a Donald Trump presidency would look like: Shameless reneging on overblown promises used to hoodwink voters, followed by aggressive intimidation of anyone who subsequently tries to hold him accountable for his deceit.

Trump University shouldn’t merely be Trump’s latest swindle; it should be his last.

(Photo: DVT/STAR MAX/IPx 2016)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107277,The Slow Attempted Murder of Hillary Clinton Has Begun,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107374,This is what happens when we let Cliven Bundy do what he does.,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107167,Daniel Snyder Finds the Single Most Offensive Way to Celebrate Columbus Day,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23905,Clinton Confidant: Hillary Will Decide in Next 60 Days,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6843,"THANK YOU HILLARY!!!!!!!! FLINT THANKS YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ONLY YOU MENTIONED IT!!!! AND U SPOKE THE TRUTH! BIGGEST APPLAUSE OF THE NIGHT! — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) January 18, 2016

During the last round of questions at Sunday’s Democratic debate, Hillary Clinton brought attention to the ongoing water crisis in Flint, Michigan. And thank God she did.

Though the story has captured headlines in recent weeks, what’s happening in Flint has been nearly two years in the making. On the surface, lead in water is plenty to be concerned about. Lead poisoning has been tied to a range of health problems, including behavioral and reproductive disorders, kidney disease and anemia. According to the World Health Organization, “lead is a metal with no known biological benefit to humans.” The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notes that lead poisoning cannot be remedied by heating or boiling water.

But the crisis in Flint, a city of 100,000 whose economy collapsed in the 1980s and never recovered, is about far more than poisoned water. Flint is a majority black city with a median income that is $12,000 lower than the national average.

As Clinton pointed out, had the water crisis — which began in early 2014 — occurred in an affluent suburb, we likely would have heard about it long ago. And officials would have acted much faster.

Flint has had one financial crisis after another since the 1980s. It’s been mired in endless lawsuits and was in such disarray that the state of Michigan appointed emergency managers to run the city on multiple occasions. Since 2011, Gov. Rick Snyder (R) has appointed four different emergency managers, with the most recent one’s term ending April 30, 2015.

As a cost-cutting measure in April 2014, the city began temporarily drawing water from the Flint River instead of from Detroit. By the summer of 2014, tests showed the presence of coliform bacteria in the water. In response, officials issued boiling advisories. In January 2015, parents complained of rashes on their children’s skin and other health problems that they believed were tied to a bad water supply. The city subsequently began a series of bottled water giveaways. In March, the city pledged over $2 million to clean up the water and said subsequent tests revealed the water had met state and national safety requirements. But the crisis was from over.

In September, a Flint-area doctor named Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha found elevated levels of lead in children and urged the city to stop using water from the Flint River. Around the same time, Marc Edwards, a Virginia Tech engineering professor, reported that a quarter of homes in Flint had lead counts above federally-recommended levels. Furthermore, Edwards was “shocked with both the contamination that his team discovered and the fact that people at the city seemed to know about it, but refused to do anything.”

At the end of September, some 17 months after the first suspicions of lead poisoning, Snyder acknowledged for the first time that lead was a problem.

In October, the legislature approved an aid package for Flint of $9.4 million, which helped the city switch back to using Detroit’s water.

The scandal was just beginning. An investigation published in November by the Flint Journal/MLive revealed that the city had “filed false reports about testing for lead in water.”

A task force reported in December that the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality’s (MDEQ) response to the water crisis in Flint “was often one of aggressive dismissal, belittlement, and attempts to discredit these efforts and the individuals involved. We find both the tone and substance of many MDEQ public statements to be completely unacceptable.”

As 2015 ended, Snyder apologized for the water crisis and several Michigan environmental quality officials resigned.

On Jan. 5, 2016, Snyder declared a state of emergency in Flint and on Jan. 12, he called up the Michigan National Guard to distribute water and filters throughout the community. Two days later, Snyder asked President Obama to declare Flint a disaster area. President Obama granted the request and dispatched FEMA and DHS crews to Flint.

A slew of investigations and inquiries are under way. Clinton issued two statements, condemning Gov. Snyder for failing to require Flint to deal with the problem. She also sent two of her top aides to meet with Mayor Karen Weaver to see what needed to be done to monitor the affected children and educate residents.

Some, including Bernie Sanders, have called for Snyder to resign for his failure to act while the seventh-largest city in the state he governs had poison in its water supply. A story published in the Detroit News last week depicted the behind-the-scenes struggles the EPA had in getting MDEQ to act, which dated back to June 2015. Snyder’s Chief of Staff wrote about the lead problem in Flint in an email on July 2015, according to a Jan. 7, story in the Detroit Free Press. Yet Snyder did not declare a state of emergency until six months later.

The Republicans like to extol the virtues of limited government. Limited government limits the ability to assure safe drinking water — which is every citizen’s right, regardless of income or skin color. The poor inevitably suffer when Republicans look to “limit government” by cutting social and environmental services. What non-profit or volunteer group picks up the slack when environmental services are cut?

There are large numbers of children in an American city who are likely to suffer irreversible medical damage because their water supply was poisonous. When their parents complained, they were met with doubt and obfuscation. That’s inexcusable.

Clinton and the Democrats have made it known they will fight for environmental safeguards for the children of Flint and everywhere else. Meanwhile, the Republicans babble on about “regulations” and “freedom.”

There is no freedom when lead is in your drinking water.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107220,Republican Freedom: Do what you want unless I don't like what you do,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93172,"George Will implores Republicans to repudiate Trump in the general election. Is he asking them to vote for Hillary?

Is George Will telling Republicans to vote for @hillaryclinton or not to vote at all? https://t.co/AH4K7XRNrR — Karen Tumulty (@ktumulty) April 30, 2016

One of the big questions surrounding a Hillary-Trump showdown is how many Republicans will cross over and support Hillary. The initial rumblings are beginning; we suspect they will only get louder.

(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107165,FanGate and Other Rules in the Florida Governor Debate You Didn't Know About,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93185,"Team Sanders has offered every excuse in the book for why Bernie is losing: A primary schedule that front loaded the deep south, voter fraud, superdelegates, super PACs, the DNC, the “establishment,” a rigged system, he wasn’t really trying in some states, because Black voters don’t know what’s best for them, because poor people don’t vote. All of these excuses have been debunked. The latest excuse is closed primaries (pushed in recent days by Jane Sanders)—but this, too, has now been discredited.

The latest talking point Bernie Sanders, his staff, and his surrogates have been peddling to try to explain why he’s lost, to try to claim the system is rigged, and to try to delegitimize Hillary Clinton’s victory, is that closed primaries are undemocratic—and that if Independent voters had been allowed to participate, he would have won.

Vox crunched the numbers and it turns out that, while Bernie’s fortunes would have been slightly better had Independents been able to participate in the small number of closed primaries so far, he “would have won 41 more delegates than he currently has. Clinton is currently leading Sanders by 293 delegates (without even counting the superdelegates).”

Meanwhile, FiveThirtyEight compares the Republican Primary rules with the Democratic Primary rules, and finds that Hillary’s pledged delegate lead would triple under the GOP rules: “The Democrats’ delegate allocation rules are more ‘fair’ than the GOP’s rules in the sense that vote shares are translated into delegate shares more faithfully and uniformly… If the Democrats used Republican allocation, Clinton would have wrapped up the nomination long, long ago.”

Another talking point bites the dust.

Bernie’s campaign has run out of excuses. The Democratic primary system is not “rigged” in Hillary’s favor. There are no grand conspiracies.

The plain truth is that what happened is the most basic story in politics: Someone wins and someone loses.

Bernie often opens his speeches by recounting how his candidacy was a long shot. How he was the underdog, with very little national name recognition and lacking the powerhouse fundraising capacity of his opponent. He boasts about how they have surpassed all expectations.

All of these things are true. He has had extraordinary success, and congratulations to him for it.

But his ubiquitous tale of his longshot candidacy must now complete its arc with some honesty about how long odds often don’t pay out. It was an uphill battle, and he didn’t quite make it to the zenith.

There’s no shame in that. There is, however, shame in continuing to insist that he is losing for any other reason than because his campaign simply didn’t resonate with as many primary voters.

At this point, Bernie needs to stop making excuses and say these words: Hillary Clinton is beating us fair and square. It’s the right thing to do.

(AP Photo/Paul Sancya)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6855,"Planned Parenthood went on the counteroffensive this week against the Center for Medical Progress, by filing a federal lawsuit against the creators of a smear campaign that depicted the non-profit selling fetal parts.

The federal suit charges that the anti-abortion activists “engaged in elaborate, illegal conspiracy in order to block women’s access to safe and legal abortion.”

The suit says defendants David Daleiden, Troy Newman, and others “obtained fake government IDs, and formed a fake tissue procurement company, Biomax, in an effort to worm their way into private medical conferences and health care centers.” It also contends the taping was illegal and that “Planned Parenthood has never sold fetal tissue or facilitated fetal tissue donation in order to make a profit.”

The selectively-edited videos had devastating consequences, not only for the reputation of Planned Parenthood, but also for the victims who were gunned down in a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado

Despite being roundly debunked, the videos became a major talking point for the GOP and for their presidential candidates — most notably for Carly Fiorina, who told a national debate audience about a scene in the videos that never occurred.

The videos also kicked off another round of GOP attempts to defund Planned Parenthood, making it a major priority for the Republican caucus. Last week, President Obama vetoed legislation that would have defunded the organization and gutted the Affordable Care Act.

The GOP knows they can prey upon their base’s emotions to score political capital. But the truth is, Planned Parenthood is pro-life. Conducting research to create vaccines is pro-life. Testing for, and treating sexually transmitted infections, including HIV, is pro-life. Providing Pap tests and breast exams is pro-life.

But because the beneficiaries are women, these services don’t matter to the increasingly anti-woman GOP platform.

It’s important that we protect women’s rights to safe, legal abortion, as guaranteed in Roe v. Wade.

But we must also stand up for Planned Parenthood. These are not just attacks on reproductive rights. These are attacks on women.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23918,New Book Tells Story of Actively Pro-Gay Nun and Her Struggle Against the Vatican,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23907,Former Ex-Gay Leader Marries His Husband in Oklahoma,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93159,"Just when you think Donald Trump couldn’t be more ignorant of the Constitution, he manages to find yet another way to show disdain for the ideals upon which this country was founded.

“Freedom of the press” was viewed by our Founding Fathers as so critical to a functional democracy that it was written as part of the First Amendment. No other freedom supersedes it.

But President Trump doesn’t need no stinkin’ First Amendment:

Trump’s longtime ally Roger Stone gave [a radio interview] this weekend with Breitbart News Saturday. In the interview, Stone denounced CNN and warned, “When Donald Trump is president, he should turn off their FCC license.” The context for this threat is that Trump previously denounced coverage in the Washington Post, implicitly threatening to go after the paper’s owner on antitrust and tax issues as retribution for the Post’s coverage.

Think that’s hyperbole? Think again. Donald Trump is so incensed by The New York Times using his own words against him that he’s been making loud noises to sue for libel:

He tweeted, inaccurately, that the whole story has been “proven false.” He also told his Twitter followers that nothing in the newspaper could be trusted: “Who can believe what they write after the false, malicious & libelous story they did on me.” Trump’s use of the word libelous stood out to some observers since Trump has talked repeatedly about wanting to “open up the libel laws” to make it easier to sue media companies.

So it appears that Trump thinks all press about him should be positive. How positively Pravda of him. Or, alternatively, it could be further proof that Donald Trump doesn’t have a clue as to how government is run and what it can and cannot control.

Either way, it’s pretty clear that Trump would target press freedom as president.

(AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13636,BNR Breakfast: Kim Davis Might Face Lawsuit for 'Eye of the Tiger',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93147,"Despite the groundswell to recall Michigan’s Republican Governor Rick Snyder, he has opted to double down in the most Orwellian way: By putting the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality in the hands of a BP Oil lobbyist.

The crisis of lead-poisoned water in Flint, Michigan was a wake up call that exposed the dangers of electing anyone from a party who posits that government is not the answer to protecting our precious resources.

Michigan voters are in the process of gathering signatures and putting together a campaign to recall Rick Snyder for his gross negligence with respect to Flint. It’s admittedly a long shot, as most recalls are. But recalls also serve the purpose of forcing an elected official to pay attention to the issues driving the recall.

Which makes Snyder’s latest appointment so puzzling, or infuriating, depending on your point of view. Last week, Snyder announced that he had appointed Heidi Grether to head the Department of Environmental Quality for the state. Grether’s previous job before moving to Michigan was General Manager for External Affairs for BP America. Prior to that, she was a BP lobbyist.

It’s a slap in the face to the citizens of Michigan. Confronting the possibility of a recall, Rick Snyder appoints an executive whose last job was to minimize the ramifications of the destruction of a sensitive ecosystem and the undermining of the Gulf Coast’s economy.

Even the editorial board of the Detroit Free-Press, who had endorsed Snyder’s candidacy for governor, was disgusted, writing, “It’s a stunning look into the way the governor views the state’s responsibility to protect Michigan’s environment, and Michiganders’ health.”

“And in the aftermath of the Flint water crisis,” they continued, “it’s like Snyder is rubbing the noses of his constituents in his own mess. The move is astoundingly tone-deaf to Michiganders, who rely on the state’s environmental regulatory agency to keep us safe. It’s also a tacit announcement that Snyder no longer finds rebuilding Michiganders’ trust in government, something nearly everyone agreed was paramount after the Flint crisis, to be particularly important.”

Snyder’s only concern is making sure that business interests are never held accountable for the destruction they wreak, even if it means neurotoxins literally destroying Michigan children’s brains.

Remember that the next time someone says both parties are the same.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107362,Why It’s Getting Worse for SC Gov Nikki Haley,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13652,What You Need to Know About the Benghazi Hearing,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
1830,"On the day Hillary’s email issue is put to rest, on the day she energizes Democrats campaigning alongside President Obama, what does Donald do? He praises brutal dictators, of course.

This happened:

after a weekend spreading anti-Semitic propaganda, Trump is now praising a fascist dictator https://t.co/VppXqzL3hE pic.twitter.com/iA9rcXjgF3 — Adam Serwer (@AdamSerwer) July 6, 2016

'Trump praising Saddam Hussein …' There's a sentence you don't see in a US election everyday. https://t.co/A2Exb9hM4C — Andrew Das (@AndrewDasNYT) July 6, 2016

Trump praising Saddam Hussein, claiming he killed terrorists. In fact, Hussein was considered a terrorist sponsor, one who killed Israelis — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) July 5, 2016

Not starting a sentence with ""you know what Saddam Hussein did well"" should be Campaigning 101. https://t.co/hklGjps5Gu — Jenny Jaffe (@jennyjaffe) July 6, 2016

Paul Ryan when told of Trump's comments on Sadaam Hussein tonight: ""He was one of the 20th century’s most evil people."" — Teddy Schleifer (@teddyschleifer) July 6, 2016

Trump vows to imitate Saddam Hussein’s approach to civil liberties pic.twitter.com/InqgFPhvau — Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) July 6, 2016

I don't want a President who considers Vladimir Putin and Saddam Hussein role models. — howard wolfson (@howiewolf) July 6, 2016

I predicted Hillary was going to cross 350 electoral points versus Trump. Clearly, I was wrong. It's going to be over 500.#SaddamHussein — (((Charles Clymer))) (@cmclymer) July 6, 2016

– opens Twitter – sees Saddam Hussein is trending – checks to see if it's Donald Trump related – it is – closes Twitter — Ryan Parker (@TheRyanParker) July 6, 2016

#DonaldTrump claims to be on the side of #Veterans but just praised #SaddamHussein, the day after the 4th of July ? — Newscast (@NewsTweeted) July 6, 2016

#Trump praised #SaddamHussein for combating terrorism (aka mass-killing his own people). This guy never ceases to amaze me. — Mustafa Safiia (@MustafaSafiia) July 6, 2016

Trump, why don't u ask the Kurds how they feel about #SaddamHussein? Oh wait, u can't. They're dead. He gassed over 5000 in a mass genocide. — Debra French Bloom (@DebraFBloom) July 6, 2016

I'm old enough to remember when GOP presidents opposed Saddam Hussein. Now the GOP nominee praises him. — Ken Gardner (@KenGardner11) July 6, 2016

Donald can’t get out of his own way.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23730,"Donald Trump has been peddling ludicrous conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton’s health, despite the fact that Hillary has released a full, professional medical assessment detailing that she “is in excellent physical condition and fit to serve as President of the United States.” Meanwhile, Trump refuses to disclose a similarly detailed medical report.

“This is not a real letter…it’s from a doctor who treats digestive problems” @kurteichenwald https://t.co/lpvg5Wpz6q — Carol Costello (@CarolCNN) August 16, 2016

Donald Trump, who famously gives cable news interviews from his home because he can’t be bothered to travel across town to a studio, has launched a new attack on Hillary, saying she’s weak and lazy and has no energy – his latest attempt to mainstream a fringe conspiracy theory about how a woman with legendary stamina and work ethic is somehow at death’s door.

Meanwhile, Trump has provided one laughably inadequate letter addressing his medical history and current health. This is the entirety of the medical report offered by Trump:

Doctor who wrote Donald Trump's health report addresses it ""To Whom My Concern,"" etc. https://t.co/eb1GGRSYKW pic.twitter.com/VWQoRt6jOD — Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) December 14, 2015

It is so ridiculous on its face, so wholly incomprehensive and sounding nothing like a formal letter penned by a doctor, that the hospital with which Dr. Jacob Bornstein is affiliated, Lennox Hill Hospital, was obliged to tweet what essentially functions as a disavowal of the report.

Dr. Bornstein is speaking on behalf of his patient and his views and opinions are his own. — Lenox Hill Hospital (@lenoxhill) December 14, 2015

Dr. Jen Gunter detailed the many things she finds concerning about Trump’s medical letter, concluding: “All I can say is typos and weird links and mentions of nonexistent sections of gastroenterology and nonsensical medical information aside, the letter provides essentially no medical information.”

Listen, if Trump had any kind of health issue that didn’t interfere with his ability to fulfill the duties of the presidency, I frankly could not care less. It would so low on my list of concerns about Trump that it would hardly register, given the myriad non-health issues that interfere with his ability to fulfill the duties of the presidency.

I do, however, care that he’s flogging the right-wing’s gross, disablist conspiracy theory about Hillary, no less while he has provided zero transparency on his own medical status. He’s not merely accusing Hillary of being sick, but implicitly accusing her of being a liar who conspired with her doctor to deceive the public about her health – which seems to be shaping up to be another fine bit of projection.

Last night, Rachel Maddow delved into Trump’s typical mendacity on his medical records, going through the letter from “a gastroenterologist; from a doctor who specializes in digestive problems; a doctor who apparently has a Gmail address and a website that does not work.”

A recent Rasmussen poll found that “59% of voters also now believe all major presidential candidates should release at least their most recent medical records to the public.” Trump is the only one of the two major party candidates who has failed to do so.

Unless you count that preposterous letter. Which I don’t.

The poll also found that “67% of Likely U.S. Voters think all presidential candidates should release at least their most recent tax returns to the public,” and, again, Trump is the only one of the two major party candidates who has not done that.

If nothing else, Trump is consistent in his utter lack of transparency.

There are legitimate debates to be had about whether candidates should be obliged to release medical reports and tax returns, but the fact is that it is a common modern practice. Every presidential candidate, though not legally required to make these disclosures, is nonetheless expected to.

Trump has sniffed at these expectations – and his zero interest in complying with the conventions of a presidential campaign is yet another indication that he’s not even running for president anymore, if he ever was.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23858,9 Massive Oil Spills You Forgot or Never Heard About,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93110,"Few in the media mention it. Pundits are silent about it. It is largely unwritten and unspoken by those who shape the national debate. But within a few short months, a 227 year shut-out will most likely be broken, with Hillary Clinton becoming the first woman presidential nominee for a major party.

The window is closing on the Sanders campaign. Bernie will still put up a fight, win some states, earn more delegates, and he’ll vow to stay in until the end. But in his heart, he knows that victory is increasingly out of his grasp.

And that means that Hillary Clinton, carried by the strength and dedication of her voters, is on the cusp of getting closer to being elected president than any woman in U.S. history.

Resilience and perseverance are not even adequate to describe the fortitude of someone who takes more incoming fire in an hour than most people endure in a lifetime. Takes that fire and smiles, pushes forward, and thrives. It is truly remarkable — and an inspiring example to women and girls around the world.

As someone who was part of Hillary’s 2008 campaign, I wake up each day in awe that eight years later, we’re here. All of us. Hillary, her team, her friends, her supporters.

What a crazy journey. And it’s not over, not by a long shot. She still has to fight for every vote in the primaries and earn the nomination one vote and one delegate at a time.

But there’s no denying it’s getting thrillingly close.

The gender barrier that has stood for nearly a quarter millennium is in for a good, hard smashing.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
105816,"One of the prerequisites of Washington insiderism is disdain for Hillary Clinton. Hating Hillary is an industry among the political class and media elites. Books, columns, editorials, entire websites are devoted to it. Columnists like Maureen Dowd build careers on their malignant anti-Hillary vendettas.

Over the course of 2015, Hillary’s professional haters have gone so far as to fabricate polls to derail her candidacy. MSNBC’s Morning Joe has spent the entire 2016 presidential cycle in anti-Hillary overdrive, featuring a rotating cast of Beltway insiders whose contempt for her oozes through the screen.

Hillary is the subject of more vile attacks in an average day than most politicians will endure in an entire career. Hundreds of millions of dollars are devoted to the destruction of her public image. Conservative billionaires are funding shadowy operations to undermine her. The media establishment and commentariat dutifully disseminate the negative frames crafted by these groups while DC pundits play the role of concern trolls, condescendingly asking why Hillary is so “unlikable” and “cold.”

Yet somehow Hillary is stronger than ever, well-positioned to win the Democratic nomination and to defeat whichever unhinged Republican she faces in the general election.

The chasm between insider hate and outsider admiration is the story of Hillary’s career. The dichotomy between what’s said about Hillary and how popular she is boggles the mind.

There’s much talk of populism in 2016, of establishment versus outsiders, of Trump and Bernie. But what’s more populist than a candidate beloved by the people and reviled by political tastemakers and media elites?

Yes, Hillary is the true outsider, and yes, that statement torpedoes conventional wisdom. As Sady Doyle so astutely observes about the media environment: “I’ve come to believe that saying nice things about Hillary Clinton can be a subversive act.”

If there’s one challenge for Hillary – and frankly for the Democratic Party should she be the nominee – it’s that insider hate for her merges with organized rightwing attacks and filters through the media system into social channels where younger voters consume it devoid of historical context. Without the benefit of hindsight, without knowing that Hillary has been falsely accused of every heinous act under the sun, younger voters struggle to assess the veracity of the information and end up believing things about Hillary that are patently false.

It is one of the reasons Bernie Sanders’s message, which is not that different from Hillary’s, resonates with younger voters: Bernie’s reputation simply hasn’t been assailed for three decades. His message gets through without a filter of sarcasm and mockery that greets every Hillary utterance.

Still, 2016 is shaping up to be a monumental step forward for the American people, who are bucking the conventional wisdom machine (a machine that has worked overtime to convince us that Hillary is losing, flailing, corrupt, disliked, robotic, shrill, calculating, polarizing, and on and on.)

If you’re tuned into politics, you can hear the distant rumble, the sound of a sleeping giant awakening. That’s the sound of the people, led by women, carrying Hillary to history.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
546,"Donald Trump is using the Bernie Sanders attack playbook against Hillary. But just like Bernie, his attacks are falling flat.

Last month, in an interview with Charlie Rose, Bernie was confronted over his assertion that Hillary “should apologize for Iraq war deaths.”

Rose asked Bernie if he really blames her and Bernie admitted to playing “tit for tat,” saying, “Of course she doesn’t bear responsibility… Do I hold her accountable? No.”

Tad Devine, Bernie’s top adviser, was on Meet The Press in August 2004, and said, “John Kerry does not regret his vote to authorize the use of force in Iraq. What he deeply regrets is what the president did with that authority. … Tim, again, the authorization was the right vote, it was the right choice.”

Finally, we now have news that even Donald Trump, who keeps slamming Hillary over the same vote, knows better. He told Maureen Dowd in a 2006 interview:

“Don’t forget that decision was based on lies given to her,” he says. “She’s very smart and has a major chance to be our next president.”

So next time you see Hillary being attacked about her AUMF vote, remember that Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have both come to her defense on it.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107141,Ben Carson Puts Campaign On Hold...So He Can Sell His Book,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107433,Here’s What BNR Readers Had to Say About the Democratic Debate,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79392,"The national media desperately want to convince the American public that Hillary is unloved and unpopular. It is a pervasive and pernicious narrative that marginalizes the millions of people who like, admire and support her. The reality is very different from the media spin.

Here’s the headline trumpeting a new ABC News/Washington Post survey: Poll: Clinton Unpopularity at New High, on Par With Trump.

This is the traditional media’s favorite storyline: Hillary is hated. Her opponents repeat the point incessantly, hoping it will convince the world that she deserves to be shunned.

Yet somehow she keeps winning. It vexes them.

Let’s get behind the spin.

That same ABC/WaPo poll that paints Hillary as an outcast contains inconvenient details for her detractors:

Four out of five Democrats view Hillary favorably, as do four out of five Blacks. Her favorability is nearly 2-1 among non-whites overall.

So the negative numbers are coming from Republicans and Independents who are inundated with Hillary hate day and night. It is an unfortunate fact of her candidacy and career that she is subjected to inordinate levels of negativity, unlike anything any other candidate has endured. That avalanche of invective is bound to suppress her favorability among certain segments of the public.

There’s one more crucial detail missing from the unceasing narrative that Hillary is deeply unpopular — as promulgated in the ABC headline — namely, that she and Trump are viewed negatively for polar opposite reasons. He, because he is a bigot and bully; she, because she is furiously, continuously and unfairly maligned.

Those are the facts.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23914,"Yes, You’ve Seen This Before–Obama is Right and House GOP is Wrong",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107306,Get a Good Look at This Rhino Because He's About to be Extinct,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107216,Robot: More coffee? Me: GTF away from me!,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23749,"Rudy Giuliani was the Mayor of NYC when radical jihadists slammed airplanes into buildings on 9/11. And his 2008 presidential run was once summed up by Joe Biden as “a noun, a verb, and 9/11.” But now Giuliani pretends 9/11 never happened, in order to attack Hillary Clinton and President Obama.

This is just an unfathomably offensive rewriting of history: “By the way, under those eight years, before Obama came along, we didn’t have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States. They all started when Clinton and Obama got into office.”

Rudy Giuliani, mayor of NYC on 9/11: ""Before Obama, we didn't have any successful radical Islamic attacks in the US"" pic.twitter.com/YcSNOVeZaP — Mashable News (@MashableNews) August 15, 2016

For the record: On September 11, 2001, George W. Bush was president.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6850,"“We don’t need Muslims. We need smart, well-educated white people who will assimilate to our culture. Vote Trump.”

This is the America we’re living in. A white nationalist super PAC is making robocalls in Iowa to stump for Donald Trump, formerly of “The Apprentice” and currently your go-to candidate if you’re ticked about having to share this country with people who don’t look like you.

According to Allegra Kirkland at Talking Points Memo, the robocall was paid for by the American National Super PACand features the voice of Jared Taylor, founder of the white supremacist mag American Renaissance. He also serves as the spokesman for the Council of Conservative Citizens, which was cited in Charleston shooter Dylann Roof’s manifesto before his killing spree last June.

If that weren’t enough, the call also features the head of the white nationalist American Freedom Party, William Johnson, who identified himself only as “a farmer and a white nationalist” in the call.

Here’s the message in full:

“The American National Super PAC makes this call to support Donald Trump.

‘My name is Reverend Ronald Tan, host of the Christian radio talk show program For God and Country. First Corinthians states: God chose the foolish things of this world to shame the wise and God chose the weak things of this world to shame the strong. For the Iowa caucuses, please support Donald Trump. He is courageous and he speaks his mind. God Bless.’

‘I’m Jared Taylor with American Renaissance. I urge you to vote for Donald Trump because he is the one candidate who points out that we should accept immigrants who are good for America. We don’t need Muslims. We need smart, well-educated white people who will assimilate to our culture. Vote Trump.’

‘I am William Johnson, a farmer and a white nationalist. Support Donald Trump. I paid for this through the super PAC. [Telephone] (213) 718-3908. This call is not authorized by Donald Trump.'”",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23735,"There are endorsements and then there are endorsements. Michael J. Morell was acting director and deputy director of the CIA, and he takes to the NY Times to express his support for Hillary. His revelations are fascinating.

Over the course of 48 hours, President Obama and John McCain refuse to say they trust Donald with America’s nuclear weapons and a former CIA Director says Donald is a danger to America:

In sharp contrast to Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump has no experience on national security. Even more important, the character traits he has exhibited during the primary season suggest he would be a poor, even dangerous, commander in chief. The dangers that flow from Mr. Trump’s character are not just risks that would emerge if he became president. It is already damaging our national security.

Here is the nugget:

Mrs. Clinton is highly qualified to be commander in chief. I trust she will deliver on the most important duty of a president — keeping our nation safe. Second, Donald J. Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security. President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia was a career intelligence officer, trained to identify vulnerabilities in an individual and to exploit them. That is exactly what he did early in the primaries. Mr. Putin played upon Mr. Trump’s vulnerabilities by complimenting him. He responded just as Mr. Putin had calculated.

And the endorsement:

I am neither a registered Democrat nor a registered Republican. In my 40 years of voting, I have pulled the lever for candidates of both parties. As a government official, I have always been silent about my preference for president. No longer. On Nov. 8, I will vote for Hillary Clinton. Between now and then, I will do everything I can to ensure that she is elected as our 45th president.

Not to mention this revelation:

I never saw her bring politics into the Situation Room. In fact, I saw the opposite. When some wanted to delay the Bin Laden raid by one day because the White House Correspondents Dinner might be disrupted, she said, “Screw the White House Correspondents Dinner.”

Kudos to Morell for stepping up and speaking out.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93094,"Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) has been working overtime to convince voters he’s a genuine independent voice in the Senate. The vulnerable incumbent’s Democratic opponent Rep. Tammy Duckworth unleashed a storm of tweets to show just how often he’s been in lockstep with his party.

Sen. Kirk of Illinois would really like voters to believe that he makes decisions independently of his party. He recently called for a vote on Supreme Court nominee Garland and has criticized North Carolina’s new anti-LGBT law HB2.

There’s evidence, though, that these actions are really just election-year theater rather than genuine party-bucking. Earlier this month, Kirk told Roll Call that he thinks everyone in his party “understand[s] that I have to be separate from the leader,” since Illinois leans Democratic. He also cozied up to extremist Bush administration “diplomat” John Bolton at a recent fundraiser.

Even so, he’s been pushing the line that he’s always been a genuine independent, telling Politico on Thursday that he’s “just Mark Kirk being Mark Kirk, because I was always very independent of my party in the House, as well as in the Senate,” adding that he’s “not just a party xerox.”

Not content to let that claim stand, his opponent took to Twitter to respond. Unleashing a storm of tweets under #SenatorXerox, Duckworth listed a number of ways in which Kirk was in lockstep with his party’s leadership, including the announcement that he’d support Trump, his efforts to shutdown the government in opposition to ObamaCare, and his opposition to the paycheck fairness bill.

Mark Kirk says he's ""not just a party Xerox."" Here are just a few times he's voted like a Mitch McConnell Xerox machine #ILSEN #SenatorXerox — Tammy Duckworth (@TammyforIL) April 19, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23891,Gay Blood Donation Ban Might Be Reduced! Kind Of! (Ok...Not Really),bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79413,"It’s anyone’s guess why Bernie and Jane Sanders are on the offensive against Hillary despite her overwhelming lead among pledged delegates and in the popular vote.

Jane Sanders just vowed a “fight” on the issues at the Democratic convention, and in the past 72 hours, both Bernie and Jane have claimed Hillary is “anointed.”

This aggressive strategy is extremely counterproductive to the Democratic Party — and consequently to the progressive cause.

Rachel Maddow is having none of it, calling the Sanders strategy “fantastical” and “radical.”

Watch:

Here are some key points Bernie should remember (via NBC News):

The Democratic nomination isn’t determined by just pledged delegates; a candidate becomes the presumptive nominee when he or she crosses the 2,383 magic number consisting of both pledged delegates and superdelegates.

In 2008, Barack Obama crossed the magic number with considerable help from superdelegates. And with superdelegates representing 20% of all delegates back then (it’s now 15%), Obama certainly didn’t have a majority with just pledged delegates alone in that very tight ’08 race.

But if you want to reduce the Dem race to *just* pledged delegates, Clinton’s current delegate lead is THREE TIMES the size of Obama’s in 2008 (when it hovered around 100).

the size of Obama’s in 2008 (when it hovered around 100). The last candidate to win with pledged delegates alone was Al Gore.

Hillary leads Bernie by more than 3 MILLION votes. She led in 2008 and still dropped out to endorse Obama.

Something has gone wrong in the Sanders camp and some serious soul searching is in order.

[Susan Madrak contributed to this article.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13593,KKK Branch Opening its Doors to Black People and Gay People,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23892,"Cruz Proves, Again, That He Has No Idea What Net Neutrality Is",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13609,BNR Breakfast: Everything We Know About What Kim Davis Will Do Today,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13610,10 Stories We’ll Probably See on the New Fox-Owned National Geographic,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13612,Survivor Not Happy Kim Davis And Huckabee Used 'Eye of the Tiger',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107305,This 'Plus Size' Model Doesn't Appreciate Being Labeled Something She's Not,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
11441,Which State Is the Last to Think About Adopting Anti-Bullying Laws?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93087,"Many Americans understand that Donald Trump has become an embarrassment to America — but wait until you see his words contrasted with great presidential speeches…

(AP Photo/Seth Perlman)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
1780,"One idea from a right-wing group: To scare minority voters by telling them that Russ Feingold wants to wipe out their population. Yes, really.

In Wisconsin, Republican Sen. Ron Johnson is in serious danger this year in his rematch against Democratic former Sen. Russ Feingold, whom he had defeated in the Tea Party wave of 2010. At this time of writing, the RealClearPolitics poll average shows Feingold ahead with 50.7 percent, to 40.0 percent for Johnson.

As reported in The Capital Times of Madison, a group called America’s PAC (And who could ever argue with a name like that?) is running a Spanish-language radio ad, telling voters that Feingold is targeting them through abortion.

The ad opens with a man asking: “Is it important to Russ Feingold that Hispanic babies are twice as likely to be aborted as white babies?”

Then, a woman asks rhetorically: “I have a question for Feingold: Why should you have my vote if you don’t want our babies?”

“We don’t need to kill our future, we need to have hope for our future and know that opportunities will triumph and grow,” the man says. “Ron Johnson constructed business and created more than 100 jobs. We need jobs, not abortions.”

A Feingold campaign spokeswoman told The Capital Times that the ad is an “insult to Wisconsin’s women,” calling upon Johnson to disavow the “racist, inflammatory and exploitative insults being used on his behalf.”

(Ironically for a conservative group that purports to reach out to minority groups, one of their wealthy donors is Mary Kohler, who in the 1980s publicly defended Apartheid-era South Africa on the grounds that blacks there were “still in the Stone Age,” and that it would be “a total disaster” to let them vote.)

Now, let’s look at the actual facts.

According to the Guttmacher Institute, a think tank dedicated to promoting reproductive and sexual freedom, “White patients accounted for 39% of abortion procedures in 2014, blacks for 28%, Hispanics for 25% and patients of other races and ethnicities for 9%.” By contrast, according to the latest estimates from the US Census Bureau, the country’s general population is 62 percent whites (non-Hispanics), 18 percent Latino, and 13 percent African American, and 7 percent other categories.

This disparity is often seized upon by anti-abortion activists, to paint a conspiracy theory that abortion providers are seeking to wipe out minority populations.

But there is another very important detail here: Poverty and overall economic deprivation. Here, Guttmacher also shows that a whopping 49 percent of women getting abortions had incomes below the poverty line — defined at only $11,670 for a single adult with no children, in the year 2014 — while an additional 26 percent of abortion patients had incomes at less than double that income. That adds up to 75 percent — the overwhelming majority of the women who get abortions, and which can be linked clearly to economic inequality.

Minority communities are also adversely affected by other factors that increase their rates of unintended pregnancies (and as a result, abortions) including less access to birth control and quality sex education, which affect them even after adjusting simply for income.

Now, ask this question: Of the two candidates, Feingold or Johnson, which one is more likely to help the disadvantaged to get the economic opportunities they need?

To name just two examples, Johnson has proposed gutting health care reform, which Feingold had voted to pass into law in 2010. He also opposes the existence of the minimum wage, while Feingold supports raising it to $15 per hour.

Feingold also supports debt-free college, while Johnson has opposed proposals for free two-year community college.

Somewhat ironically, Johnson has said that “Young people don’t necessarily understand finance,” when it comes to student loans,” and that he worked and spent his own money to pay for college. But he went to the public university in his original home state of Minnesota, where he would’ve benefited from the public subsidies on in-state tuition, which were a lot more generous in those days — an element of finance that apparently he doesn’t necessarily understand.

And just in case you still thought Johnson was too compassionate, he recently proposed a legislative amendment to exempt private schools that take public voucher money from being subjected to the Americans with Disabilities Act — a proposal that would further shut out the vulnerable from mainstream society.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93096,"Donald Trump constantly assesses women on their appearance—but, as this latest compilation shows, the women he attacks have done more for the world than he ever has.

Buzzfeed’s Andrew Kaczynski has compiled some audio clips of Republican front runner Donald Trump commenting on the skin of various actresses:

[Transcript provided at end of post for readers who cannot listen to audio.]

It would be very easy to insert some snarky commentary about Donald Trump’s appearance, but I’m not going to do that for a couple of reasons.

First, because I’m better than Donald Trump—and we should all refuse to participate in a race to the bottom with him.

And second, because every time progressives respond to Trump’s gross lookism with nothing but snarky commentary, we miss an opportunity to have a serious conversation about how damaging his rhetoric really is.

Trump objectifies women. He’s running to be the standard-bearer for a party that increasingly treats women as property of the state. Every time he speaks about women as though we are things, rather than people deserving of respect, he upholds sexist narratives in which sexist policy, from abortion access to equal pay,flourishes.

And here, he is not just objectifying women generally. Each of the women whose appearance he’s critiquing—as though their looks are the only thing they have of value to offer the world—have engaged in meaningful activism.

Jennifer Lawrence on equal pay; Halle Berry on climate change; Eva Longoria on immigration and fair labor; Princess Diana on HIV/AIDS; Angelina Jolie on human rights and women’s health.

These are women who have done more for the country—and the world—than Donald Trump has ever done.

But all he cares about, the only value they have to him, is whether he considers them physically flawless enough to be deserving of his sexual attentions.

This is, frankly, a loathsome quality. It would be, in a decent world, a disqualifying quality for a presidential candidate. No one is fit to lead a country half the population of which he views as objects.

Transcript:

On Jennifer Lawrence, he says: “Jennifer has a little skin problem, I would say. Little rough with the skin; little polka dots all over the place.”

On Halle Berry: “I love her upper body. I think her skin is beautiful. I’ve seen her many times. What I hate about Halle Berry is there’s always, like, drama around her.”

On Eva Longoria: “She’s really cute. I have to tell you—she’s really bouncy and really cute. She’s about five-foot-one. Do you like girls that are five-foot-one? They come up to you-know-where. She’s got beautiful skin…”

On Princess Diana: “She has the height, she has the beauty, she has the skin—the whole thing. She’s crazy, but, you know, these are minor details.”

On Angelina Jolie: “She’s got bad skin. She’s got scars all over the skin… I don’t know what it is—I never thought she was good-looking. I don’t think she’s got good skin, I don’t think she’s got a great face, I think her lips are too big, to be honest with ya. They look like—too big. I don’t think she’s good-looking.”

(AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23736,"Donald Trump suggested at a press conference that the Russian government, which is reportedly responsible for the DNC email leak, should hack the U.S. government to find Hillary’s State Department emails. Donald’s explicit call for a foreign power to conduct espionage against the U.S. is one of the biggest political stories of the decade, but don’t expect the national media to cover it that way. They’re too busy trying to undermine Hillary.

Fmr. CIA Dir. Panetta on Trump call for Russia HRC hacking: Trump's loyalty to U.S. in question & possible ""conspiracy"" with a foreign power — Christiane Amanpour (@camanpour) July 27, 2016

“Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the thirty thousand emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Let’s see if that happens.” – Donald Trump, July 27, 2016

This comes in the context of increasingly alarming connections between Donald, his campaign co-chair Paul Manafort, Russian hackers, and Russian lenders with ties to Putin.

Hillary for America Senior Policy Advisor Jake Sullivan released the following statement:

“This has to be the first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage against his political opponent. That’s not hyperbole, those are just the facts. This has gone from being a matter of curiosity, and a matter of politics, to being a national security issue.”

We cannot state this any more plainly: Donald is an existential threat to the United States. He cannot be elected president.

Further, in saying that Russia will be “rewarded mightily by our press,” Donald is openly acknowledging – and exploiting – the media’s demonstrated hatred of Hillary.

Here's a suggestion, media: Imagine what you'd do if Hillary Clinton said something 1/1000th as outrageous, AND THEN DO THE SAME TO TRUMP. — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) July 27, 2016

It should utterly chill members of the media that Donald is (understandably) assured he can exploit their hatred of Hillary to collude with a foreign government.

At least some members of the media are keeping their heads about them and treating this with the gravity it deserves. David Gregory described Donald as like “a child playing with matches who doesn’t understand how badly he and the country can get burned.”

A child playing with matches, however, generally doesn’t have the sinister ties to those matches that Donald appears to have with Russia.

If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 27, 2016

This is the man the Republican Party chose as their nominee. Is the Party of Reagan going to sit idly by while their candidate suggests that foreign government hackers should infiltrate the U.S. government?

If so, the entire party has abdicated all pretense of allegiance to this nation.

And if the national media can spend months hammering Hillary for her emails and give Donald a pass for this, then they are openly trying to elect him.

[Peter Daou contributed to this article.]

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93089,"Jimmy Kimmel took aim at some of the sexist attacks against Hillary Clinton, offering to “mansplain” for her.

Kimmel jokingly told Hillary to speak more softly, less softly, smile more, and smile less (“do you want to be president or a Lakers Girl?”) before ultimately deciding she’s just not a man, but was “cute” for trying.

The sketch is a bitingly incisive and accurate depiction of the 2016 reality. Who can forget Bob Woodward complaining that “she shouts” …

.@realBobWoodward on @HillaryClinton: She shouts. There is something unrelaxed about the way she is communicating. https://t.co/6qNsdOpLPm — Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) February 3, 2016

Or prominent media men Howard Kurtz, Brit Hume, and Glenn Thrush all accusing her of being too loud after a big primary victory? But don’t worry, Howard Kurtz later explained that he didn’t say she was “shrill,” and he says men shout too, so he wasn’t being sexist at all.

Then there’s Joe Scarborough. The MSNBC host infamously told Hillary: “Smile. You’ve just had a big night.” That triggered a multitude of mocking replies on twitter led by TBS late night host Samantha Bee:

Somehow impervious to learning anything from #SmileForJoe, Scarborough doubled down on his condescension, explaining that he doesn’t “look at [Hillary] as as a woman” and she’s “dealt with a helluva lot more than a tweet,” which, I guess, means that any sexist, idiotic thing he says is totally justified because she can take it. Sheesh.

Good thing we have Kimmel and Bee to bring some satire to it.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13646,The Unforgettable Delusions of Trump and Cruz,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107431,You’ll be Cheering for This Momma & baby Bear Climbing This Mountain,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23773,"A column in USA Today filed under the headline “Trump, Clinton both threaten free press” is emblematic of everything wrong with the media coverage of this election: In their desperation to turn it into a horse race, the media continually draw utterly unjustifiable false equivalencies.

Here is the basis of the argument that Donald and Hillary are both threatening free press:

The public’s right to know is infringed if certain reporters are banned from a candidate’s events because the candidate doesn’t like a story they have written or broadcast, as Donald Trump has done. Similarly, refusing to regularly answer questions from reporters in a press conference, as Hillary Clinton has, deprives the American people of hearing from their potential commander-in-chief in a format that is critical to ensuring he or she is accountable for policy positions and official acts.

First, let us start with the casual diminishment of Donald’s posture toward the press. “Certain reporters are banned,” they write, with a link leading to a Politico article headlined “Washington Post ban is latest battle in Trump’s war with the press,” in which are detailed more than a dozen instances of Donald denying or withdrawing media access. In several cases, reporters were removed from Donald events after asking a question or having published an article Donald didn’t like.

And Donald’s war on the media hardly stops with blocking access. Until he unceremoniously fired his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski for entirely different reasons, Donald was willing and eager to defend Lewandowski against charges he assaulted a female reporter, and evidently had no issue with Lewandowski’s being accused of “pushing a CNN reporter who tried to ask the candidate a question; physically confronting an aide for a rival campaign in a post-debate spin room; publicly shouting threats over the phone at a restaurant; making sexual comments about female journalists; and calling up women in the campaign press corps late at night to make unwanted romantic advances.”

Donald himself has launched incredible personal attacks on members of the press, openly mocking disabled reporter Serge Kovaleski; saying Fox debate moderator Megyn Kelly had “blood coming out of her wherever”; ginning up outrage against the press at campaign events; and launching an all-out jeremiad against the media during a press conference, during which he called the press “sleazy” and “unbelievably dishonest.”

Meanwhile, Donald’s shiny new running mate Indiana Governor Mike Pence once tried to launch “a state-run taxpayer-funded news outlet [to] make pre-written news stories available to Indiana media,” which independent press expert Jack Ronald described as “a ludicrous idea [which] is antithetical to the idea of an independent press.”

By comparison, Hillary doesn’t hold press conferences.

Seriously. That’s the sum total of the argument against Hillary, used to draw an equivalence with Donald in order to accuse them both of threatening the free press.

As we have previously noted, Hillary has made it a priority to listen to and take questions from her constituents one-on-one (and in town halls) as often as possible. She has not made herself inaccessible to voters, nor has she “deprive[d] the American people of hearing from their potential commander-in-chief in a format that is critical to ensuring he or she is accountable for policy positions and official acts.”

That’s an argument that presupposes the people she meets and talks to every day do not have the capacity to ask her tough questions. They do, and they have.

Hillary’s real sin seems to be that she doesn’t share the media’s opinion that they must be the gatekeepers between a candidate and her constituents. They resent that she doesn’t avail herself of them via official press conferences, but that is not, in fact, a threat to the free press.

And, really, can any member of the media really wonder why it is that Hillary seeks to circumvent them, when this is how they treat her?

Perhaps if the press had collectively ever given Hillary reason to believe a press conference would be something other than another opportunity for them to subject her to mendacious narratives–and false equivalences–she’d be more inclined to give one. Just a thought.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23744,"Searches of “treason” spiked dramatically after Donald Trump used a press conference to invite Russian hackers to infiltrate U.S. government email and reveal national security secrets.

Merriam-Webster is reporting a big surge in searches for “treason.”

Lookups for treason spiked 76% after comments by Donald Trump that seemed to encourage Russian spying on Hillary Clinton.

Meanwhile Google Trends showed a precipitous spike in searches for “Trump Treason.”

People are deeply concerned about Donald’s behavior. As well they should be.

And we’re talking about people who know how dangerous his comments are:

Fmr. CIA Dir. Panetta on Trump call for Russia HRC hacking: Trump's loyalty to U.S. in question & possible ""conspiracy"" with a foreign power — Christiane Amanpour (@camanpour) July 27, 2016

Meanwhile, the hashtag #TrumpTreason is trending nationally. Let’s see if the corporate media do their job and report on this with the same fervor they typically reserve for Hillary’s emails.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93144,"Media Matters has published an analysis of “guest appearances in 2015 on five Sunday morning political talk shows that often set the media and political agenda for the week: ABC’s This Week with George Stephanopoulos, CBS’ Face the Nation with John Dickerson, Fox Broadcasting Co.’s Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace, NBC’s Meet the Press with Chuck Todd, and CNN’s State of the Union with Jake Tapper.”

What they found, for the third year running, is that the guests on these shows “were once again overwhelmingly white, conservative, and male in every category measured.”

The lack of diversity is problematic at any time, given that these guests are asked to analyze and comment on politics of a multicultural representative democracy. To fail so comprehensively to include a diversity of viewpoints, from both identity and ideological perspectives, is not only shameful but a dereliction of duty from a media that purports to be objective.

During an election season, this failure is even more pronounced—no less in an election when many of the most contentious issues center around race and gender. It is entirely inappropriate to exclude people of color, immigrants, women, and queer folks from visible platforms that drive the national conversation, especially when the national conversation is focused on policy that primary effects the lives of people from those marginalized populations.

As we move forward toward the general election, this habitual exclusion of diverse voices takes on even greater import.

With Donald Trump as the presumptive Republican nominee, the general population needs opinion-makers who take seriously the extremist nature of his campaign. The tendency for white, conservative, male members of the chattering class to treat Trump as a fine bit of entertainment, as opposed to a dangerous demagogue whose very rhetoric is harmful for the people targeted by it, is insufficiently sensitive, to put it politely.

It is long past time where we should be obliged to watch an all-white panel of guests discussing “the black vote,” or an all-male panel of guests discuss “the female vote,” casually monolithizing entire populations of people in a space devoid of representatives—whose very presence might undermine the sweeping generalizations that characterize these vapid exercises in turning the stuff of marginalized people’s lives into abstract debates.

And it is long past time that we should be able to elect, or not elect, a female candidate on the merits, without the constant injection of sexist tropes masquerading as valid critique.

Those of us who aren’t white, conservative men are tired of criticizing the lack of inclusion—and the lack of thoughtful, intersectional analysis—from the sidelines. We deserve to be on the field, mucking about in the dirt, and, frankly, elevating the game.

(AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79415,"Sen. Pat Toomey (R-PA) is very worried about winning reelection this year. So he thinks it’s a good idea to take on Dem opponent Katie McGinty’s Philly roots. Mistake.

Sen. Pat Toomey is terrified that, in this year of a likely anti-Trump wave, he’s going to lose his job. So now he’s decided to kick things into gear by tagging Katie McGinty, his Democratic opponent, with a label meant to remind the voters in rural Pennsylvania of her Philadelphia roots. He’s now referring to her as #PhillyMcGinty.

In case you didn’t know, saying “Philadelphia” with a certain sneer is commonly used by my state’s Republican elected officials as shorthand for moochers and takers and welfare queens and other bigoted Republican tropes — even though Philadelphia is the actual economic engine of the state and returns more tax money to the state than it takes. (They also call it the “black hole of Philadelphia,” in case “Philadelphia” was too subtle for you.)

Now might be a good time for me to remind Pennsylvanians that Toomey is guilty of a rather significant sin: He’s not even from here. He’s from Providence, Rhode Island. He probably doesn’t even like the Iggles, or the Steelers. For all we know, he’s a Patriots fan! So there’s that.

And here in Pennsylvania, he lives in a small village of 3,000. (I think that many people live within spitting distance of my house.) Maybe he hates big cities? Whatever his reason, Philadelphians aren’t happy about it:

Homie, you know we outnumber you right? #PhillyMcGinty will be your last act of stupid. Voters will see to that. https://t.co/So1QZViz46 — Katelyn Ann (@katelyn__ann) May 16, 2016

Wow — @PatToomey openly campaigning against the biggest city in his state with #PhillyMcGinty hashtag — Randy LoBasso (@RandyLoBasso) May 16, 2016

.@PatToomey is using #PhillyMcGinty as an ""insult."" Way to diss 1.6 million of your constituents living in PA's largest city. #PhillyProud — PA Democrats (@PADems) May 16, 2016

@PatToomey how dare you use #PhillyMcGinty as an insult. Nearly 1 million people reside in the Philly area. Way to represent Pennsylvanians. — Shawn Samuels (@ShawnsPolitical) May 18, 2016

#PhillyMcGinty further demonstrates @PatToomey’s disregard for Pennsylvanians, especially those who didn’t vote for him. #PAProud — Sebastian Weinmann (@sebweinmann) May 18, 2016

But this might be my favorite Tweetstorm ever:

12. We Philadelphians are grudge-holding scrappers who never ever forget a slight. Just like Rocky, we rise from the ashes to win. — Anne Caprara (@anacaprana) May 17, 2016

13. I've never been to Canada…you know why? Bc Joe Carter hit that walk off homer against Mitch Williams in 1993 in the World Series. — Anne Caprara (@anacaprana) May 17, 2016

14. That's right…I held a grudge against an entire country bc of a baseball game. That's Philly, Pat Toomey. — Anne Caprara (@anacaprana) May 17, 2016

15.So you should run with the whole #PhillyMcGinty thing, Pat. The people of Philly will rally around as if her last name was Westbrook — Anne Caprara (@anacaprana) May 17, 2016

16.Philly will carry #PhillyMcGinty to a win just as Allen Iverson carried the 2001 Sixers to a win in the 1st game of the NBA Championships — Anne Caprara (@anacaprana) May 17, 2016

17.To conclude, make Philly your enemy,Pat Toomey. We relish enemies. Like a car on the Blue Route at rush hour, you're going nowhere fast — Anne Caprara (@anacaprana) May 17, 2016

I can’t disagree with anything she said. All Pat Toomey and his staff of Tea Partiers did was remind the million or so registered voters who live here to get out and vote.

You know, for the girl from Philly.

(AP Photo/Matt Rourke)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93129,"Ignore just about every bit of analysis you’re hearing in the national media about Trump’s campaign — it’s based on a false assumption. Examining his words and actions through the prism of a traditional presidential campaign is a futile exercise. Trump isn’t campaigning for the White House, but for a white nationalist “awakening.” Under that rubric, everything he’s doing makes sense.

The New York Times paints Donald Trump as a lost and confused puppy:

Advisers who once hoped a Pygmalion-like transformation would refashion a crudely effective political showman into a plausible American president now increasingly concede that Mr. Trump may be beyond coaching. … In private, Mr. Trump’s mood is often sullen and erratic, his associates say. He veers from barking at members of his staff to grumbling about how he was better off following his own instincts during the primaries and suggesting he should not have heeded their calls for change. He broods about his souring relationship with the news media, calling Mr. Manafort several times a day to talk about specific stories. Occasionally, Mr. Trump blows off steam in bursts of boyish exuberance: At the end of a fund-raiser on Long Island last week, he playfully buzzed the crowd twice with his helicopter.

I don’t buy it.

Trump knows exactly what he’s doing — it’s just not what the media and pundits think it is:

I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2016

I don’t know if Trump got to this point by design or accident, whether he always planned to seize a moment in history or whether he realized he couldn’t defeat Hillary so he simply aimed higher than the presidency.

Like so many other political professionals, pundits, writers and reporters, I’ve grappled mightily with the cognitive dissonance of Trump’s candidacy.

Even a 10-year-old could understand (and implement) the simple idea of a general election pivot. That Trump has ratcheted up his dangerous rhetoric rather than dial it back has confounded the national commentariat and stumped GOP leaders.

And then it hit me: Trump’s strategy makes perfect sense. Not for a presidential candidate, but for someone seeking to lead an uprising — and perhaps a violent one.

It’s a classic example of Occam’s razor: the simplest explanation, the one with the fewest assumptions, is the correct one.

Ditch all the contortions of campaign logic, the psychobabble about “narcissism,” the myriad excuses about reality TV, entertainment, etc., and listen to Trump’s words. They speak painfully and dangerously clearly. And they are being met with precisely the desired effect:

The leader of Italy’s far-right Northern League party, Matteo Salvini, hailed US presidential hopeful Donald Trump as ‘heroic.’

KKK leader Thomas Robb:

“At least he’s saying things that many, many people in this country are identifying with and are saying, “Yeah, that needs to be done.” So it isn’t Donald Trump that you guys are concerned with. You’re not afraid of Donald Trump. You’re afraid of the masses of people, the millions of people supporting Donald Trump becoming awakened to what they feel to be a country that’s being taken away from them.”

Don Black, former Klan leader who runs the white supremacist website Stormfront.org:

“There’s an insurgency among our people that has been seething for decades that have felt intimidated and demoralized. The Trump candidacy has changed all that. Whatever he says, even if he gets the facts wrong, it still resonates with people.”

And there’s more:

Richard Spencer, a leading white nationalist who coined the term “alt-right” … came to national attention last year when he pronounced Donald Trump as the candidate for white Americans in an interview with The Washington Post’s David Weigel. Almost exactly a year later, he’s even happier with the presumptive GOP nominee. “I think with Trump, you shouldn’t look at his policies. His policies aren’t important. What’s most important about Trump is the emotion. He’s awakened a sense of ‘Us’ a sense of nationalism among white people. He’s done more to awaken that nationalism than anyone in my lifetime. I love the man.”

Trump’s unwillingness to carry out the basic requirements of a presidential campaign, his refusal to build a national infrastructure, his willful ignorance of issues, his inexplicable campaign schedule — these betray not stupidity, but intentionality. He doesn’t care. And he doesn’t care because he’s not after the presidency. It’s possible he never was.

He’s after something bigger, something to match his grand ambitions:

His plan is working, not to win the White House, but to change America — and the world — by triggering a white nationalist uprising and becoming a “heroic” figurehead in what his followers see as a defining war against inexorable demographic shifts.

Virtually all the punditry about Trump’s campaign assumes he is running to win the presidency. Seen through that lens, little he’s doing makes sense. And so we get Rube Goldberg excuses and explanations, none of which really add up to a coherent view of the 2016 race. When you’re operating under a false assumption, the result of your analysis will necessarily be wrong.

But there’s a simpler, scarier, more logical rationale for Trump’s behavior: That he’s a shrewd, politically talented and ambitious man who seeks to lead a historic uprising, a white nationalist “awakening” that will transform America and the world.

Otherwise how do you explain this:

His Alex Jones-style conspiracy-mongering; his meticulously crafted words of incitement and exhortations to violence; his attacks on a federal judge; his description of President Obama as a terrorist (the “founder of ISIS”); his birtherism; his eliminationist language toward Hillary Clinton; his fierce misogyny and indifference to sexual harassment; his feud with the Khan family; his Muslim ban; his use of anti-Semitic symbols; his embrace of torture; his capriciousness about the proliferation and use of nuclear weapons; his praise for dictators; his flirtations with Putin and Russian hackers; his undiluted xenophobia; his racist dog whistles (“look at my African-American”); his infamous border wall and relentless anti-Mexican bigotry; his claims of a “rigged” election; his unconcealed calls for voter intimidation; his refusal to disavow ties to white supremacists.

We can’t attribute all that to happenstance, accident, entertainment, foolishness, ignorance or inexperience. If we do, we will end up regretting it.

Trump has a purpose — it’s just not the one the “experts” think it is. And it could prove to be much more dangerous. Which means we have to work even harder to defeat and delegitimize him in November.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93175,"Donald Trump has spent enough time making the absurd claim that he respects women. Now it’s time for women to push back: #WomenTrumpDonald.

So, here’s what happened: Yesterday, I was just in the middle of reading yet another infuriating article about Donald Trump and his claim that he’s the best candidate for women when my power went out.

And then it stayed out. For hours. With nowhere to direct my growing frustration, I sat down with a pen and paper and started writing a letter to Trump.

That letter is: Dear Donald, From One Pissed Off American Woman.

Immediately, my colleagues and friends started conceiving the letters they’d write to Trump. From a Pissed Off American Mom. From a Pissed Off American Woman of Color.

There is a lot of anger to go around, and you can expect to see more of it in this space, which we will be filing under the hashtag #WomenTrumpDonald.

Because we will Trump him. We see through his transparent braggadocio about how “tremendous” he’ll be for women. We will trump him with our inability to be hoodwinked. We will trump him with our contempt. And when Election Day comes, we will trump him with our votes.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13638,MEMO: Pushing Students in PE Doesn't Actually Mean Forcefully Dragging a Student,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13575,WATCH: So You Think Hillary Can Dance? (She Can't),bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23740,"Donald Trump routinely claims to be a champion of the little guy. But, the truth is, Donald has spent a lifetime crushing any “little guy” who got in his way. The latest example: Callously driving people from their homes.

Twitter is one of Donald’s favorite media for telling self-aggrandizing fairy tales about what a great president he’ll be because he’s a reliable ally to people in need. He gets to spin yarns directly to his supporters about how he’s on their side—but it’s simply not true. It never has been.

For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016

Donald’s own much-touted history as a businessman shows precisely otherwise. He did not deliver jobs, nor safety, nor protection to “those in need.”

To the complete contrary, he spent decades refusing to pay people for their work; violating the Fair Housing Act by having employees mark “the applications of prospective minority tenants with racial codes–such as ‘No. 9’ or ‘C’ for ‘colored’ applicants; and orchestrating a campaign of harassment against tenants of a rent-stabilized building he’d purchased for the purpose of tearing it down and erecting luxury condos in its place.

This last incident is shocking in its details: For five years, Donald mercilessly harassed the residents of the 14-story building near New York City’s Central Park, whose only “fault” was calling home a place that Donald wanted to demolish for his own profit.

Lawsuits brought by the tenants report that Donald engaged in the typical scurrilous behavior of profiteering landlords trying to oust tenants—instituting absurd and onerous rules, attempting to find reasons to break leases, refusing to do necessary repairs—but Donald went above and beyond even the usual contemptible tactics.

Just a few months later, on New Year’s Eve, several tenants received identical “lease violation” warning letters. The previous building owner had given renters permission to knock down walls and renovate their apartment units. But Trump was reversing that exception, and renters had only 12 days to rebuild the walls — or face eviction.

Tenants, many of whom were elderly, also alleged that Donald cut off both their hot water and heat during the winter. He took out a newspaper ad inviting homeless people to take up residence in the building. Work crews kicked up dust into the apartment of a tenant with emphysema.

One of the tenants, Dr. Michael Richman, said bluntly that Donald was “willing to resort to any device or tactic to drive out the tenants from the building.”

From their homes.

Investigative journalist Wayne Barrett, quoted by CNN Money, characterized the campaign against the residents at 100 Central Park South as “a concrete choice he made, knowing he would disrupt the lives of many middle income, elderly people.”

Donald doesn’t help people in need; he creates people in need. In need of help from his brazen, pitiless maneuvering with zero compunction for the people who get in his way of making money.

This is not a man of the people. Never was. Never will be.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13605,"Jimmy’s Joint: Who Says Republicans own Liberty, Patriotism, and God?",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13614,WATCH: So You Think Hillary Can Dance? (She Can’t),bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13587,"'Normal Barbie' Can Now Have Freckles, Scars, Cellulite and More",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93118,"Donald Trump and Ted Cruz spent last night trading barbs about each other’s wives — and Mitt Romney joined the fray today.

Lyin’ Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin’ Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 23, 2016

Pic of your wife not from us. Donald, if you try to attack Heidi, you’re more of a coward than I thought. #classless https://t.co/0QpKSnjgnE — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 23, 2016

Not to be outdone, former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney jumped into the fray at a National Republican Congressional Committee dinner, saying, “Donald Trump has had several foreign wives. It turns out that there really are jobs Americans won’t do.”

This is a good time to remember that Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have absolutely terrible policies for—and attitudes toward—women. And so did Mitt Romney when he was running for office, even in spite of his “binders full of women, any of whom presumably could have provided him with some better policy ideas.

The posturing in which these men are engaging is not funny. It’s an appalling display by chauvinists who are hostile to women’s agency.

Given half a chance, their disrespect for women will extend to every woman in the nation.

(AP Photo/Paul Sancya)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6846,"Bernie Sanders has said it. Hillary Clinton has said it. Tonight, Martin O’Malley said it on the debate stage: Black Lives Matter.

Here's what Martin O'Malley had to say about the #BlackLivesMatter movement at #DemDebate https://t.co/So3CrxUtKu — NBC News (@NBCNews) January 18, 2016

That means that three out of three Democratic candidates say they believe that black lives matter. Compare this to yesterday’s GOP debate, where the only reference made to Black Lives Matter was when Ted Cruz dismissed it by saying “all lives matter.” In the GOP debate last August, candidates spent less than a minute discussing the issue. This is simply unacceptable when you consider how many black people died at the hands of police last year and how frequently this occurs. But the GOP is doubling down, painting the movement as anti-cop.

Still, the Democratic candidates have had struggles with this issue. At the Netroots Nation conference in Phoenix last July, Martin O’Malley apologized for saying “All Lives Matter” in response to a question about police violence against black people. And, of course, his tenure as mayor of Baltimore was called into question. Baltimore was the site of protests and unrest last April after the death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man, who sustained lethal injuries to his neck and spine while in police custody.

But this much is certain: You won’t hear “black lives matter” from any of the GOP contenders. Or, at the very least, not without the addendum “all lives matter,” a saying that is typically only used when trying to discredit a movement focused on stopping a problem that disproportionately affects black people.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107133,Jeb Bush Says Working in Washington 'Not Part of My DNA.' We Investigated This Claim.,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
544,"After months of a “vote for but won’t endorse” strategy with Donald Trump, New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte finally tells the truth: Donald Trump isn’t trustworthy.

As her opponent Gov. Maggie Hassan’s numbers trend upward, Kelly Ayotte continues to say she will vote for Trump, but won’t “endorse” him. That GOP hair-splitting has not worked in most states, and it isn’t working in New Hampshire.

Now, in an interview with the editorial board of the New Hampshire Union Leader, Ayotte finally admits that Trump, the man she will vote for, “hasn’t always been trustworthy.”

Watch:

(Video via New Hampshire Union-Leader .)

Ayotte is wrong about Hillary, but certainly right about Trump.

[Updated 8/25/16]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23868,The Latest Argument Against Marriage Equality Will Make You Laugh Out Loud,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93182,"I was born in the United States of America. I am a navy blue passport-carrying American citizen. English is my native tongue. Yet many people treat me like I don’t belong here.

I am of Indian descent. My parents are from the south of India. I am a tall woman. My skin is a darker shade of brown, my hair is jet black with wildish curly tendencies, giving me what has been called an “ethnically ambiguous” appearance. My dark eyes reflect the experience of a life lived outside of what is considered ordinary.

Since I was a very young child, I have been asked the question, “Where are you from?” Ninety-nine percent of people are unsatisfied with my answer: “I’m from New York.” Without fail, they all proceed to ask the following question: “No, where are you really from?” My further explanation (in clearly unaccented English) of being an American (born and raised) is met with sheer incredulity. As if someone who looks like me cannot possibly be from the same place that they are. The icing on the cake is this: “How do you speak English so well?”

My earliest memory of this line of questioning was from teachers and classmates at the age of 5. Yes, 5 years old. Imagine that. Before my identity was even fully formed, I was essentially told that I didn’t belong. Not only did I not belong, but my answers of my own identity were not acceptable and required further questioning.

At the age of 5, I had to ask myself difficult questions. Why don’t they believe me when I tell them who I am? Am I not trustworthy? Could it be possible that they don’t accept what I have to say just because I don’t look like them? Can I trust them? If I wasn’t really an American, what was I? When I held my hand over my heart with my classmates each morning to pledge my allegiance to the flag, I had to ask myself if I was really part of this “one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.”

Three decades of fielding these nearly daily questions has certainly not fostered a sense of confidence and belonging as an American. I’ve just learned to tolerate the little indignities, to keep my head up, and to go on about my life. Because who has the time or energy to focus on anything else other than working to move forward?

I know I am not the only American who has felt this way. There are millions of people in our country who look like me and millions who don’t. Millions who were born here and millions who were born elsewhere and made the choice to become American citizens. There are the millions of marginalized people of all ages, genders, ethnicities, abilities, sexual orientations, and religious affiliations who have fought and are still fighting tirelessly to be seen and have their voices heard equally.

There are millions of us who have been told by fellow Americans and certain presidential candidates that our voices aren’t the ones that really matter, that we don’t really matter.

That is why I’ve been so cynical about politics and politicians. That is until I met Hillary Clinton.

My husband, Peter Daou, is a former adviser to Hillary. He is of Lebanese-American descent. At first glance, we are not your typical couple, and our marriage added another layer of questioning and scrutiny from the judgmental, exclusionary public to our life. It’s not easy to be on the receiving end of disapproving looks every time you walk down the street with the person you love. Having become accustomed to not being accepted by society at large, this was just another unpleasant aspect of my life that I had to deal with.

One evening, very unexpectedly, Peter and I ran into Hillary and a few of his former colleagues. Peter always spoke of Hillary with the utmost respect and admiration. He spoke of how intelligent and disciplined she is, and of how kind and thoughtful she is, always, even in the midst of a world of never ending work and incessant attacks on her integrity.

Seeing her in person for the first time, I could see all these things in the way she carried herself with such ease and dignity. Though she was on her way out of the building, though she was surrounded by a large group of people, she walked over and embraced Peter then took a moment to shake my hand, look into my eyes with a smile, and connect with me.

The former Secretary of State, Senator and First Lady, one of the most accomplished and admired women in the world, genuinely and wholeheartedly acknowledged me in a room where I would otherwise be overlooked. She welcomed and embraced me and my husband. She made me feel for that moment, that my presence really mattered.

That is something that I see in the faces of the millions of Americans who support Hillary. Looking through photos of Hillary on the campaign trail, I see a beautiful mix of faces, a mix that America was always meant to be. And I see women who look like me beaming with pride and hope.

You can feel the emotion of Americans from all walks of life, who are finally being acknowledged and embraced for who they are, just as they are. That the lives and concerns of all Americans are valid and valuable. We feel, some of us for the very first time in our lives, that we truly matter and our voices are being heard.

No, we are not all out in the streets shouting at the top of our lungs. (Although some of us are!) We don’t all have the time, or the physical ability, or don’t feel safe enough to signal our public support that way. But we are all hard at work, taking care of our families and communities and proudly casting our ballots for the candidate who cares about all Americans. She listens to us. She trusts us. And we trust her. When we tell her who we are, she believes us. That is why she has 12.9 million of our votes.

And it’s why, despite the unceasing personal attacks on her, the non-stop media chatter about her supposed “unlikability,” the horrible insults from her political rivals, we stand strong for her and always will.

Because of Hillary Clinton, many of us finally feel that we belong, that we’re truly Americans. In the deepest and most enlightened sense of that word.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107192,A Couple of Recent Examples Show How Much Fun Hillary Clinton is Having,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79397,"The ludicrous attacks on Hillary’s mental and physical fitness became the subject of a hilarious segment on Jimmy Kimmel’s show.

Anyone who watched Hillary’s epic 11-hour Benghazi hearing knows that her stamina and resilience are legendary. As Secretary of State she visited 112 countries and logged nearly a million travel miles. She has withstood relentless verbal assaults for the duration of the 2016 race and continues crisscrossing the country with a lightness in her step and a smile on her face.

Meanwhile, Donald Trump, whose bogus medical fitness letter may be one of the most laughable items of the campaign, has been going around with lackeys like Rudy Giuliani raising baseless questions about her well-being.

Their inane conspiracy-mongering met with much-deserved ridicule. Watch:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13608,BREAKING: The Internet Loses Its Sh*t After Ferguson Announcement,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107160,Because the Last 'Special Committee' Was Such a Success Now Comes One on Planned Parenthood,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107437,"20 Years After Her Death, Selena Quintanilla’s Legacy Continues to Break Borders",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23903,Missouri Women: Daddy Knows What’s Best For You,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107336,Arizona Law Would Force Doctors to Say They Can Reverse Abortions,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107432,Is Hillary Clinton crazy for going on FoxNews?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93091,"During an appearance on the Politics in the Yard show on Sunday, John McCain tried desperately to put a positive spin on his party’s prospects in the general election.

While praising Republican turnout on a recent appearance on Politics in the Yard, McCain said: “If all those people would get behind the Republican candidate I think we could win this election, despite the alienation, frankly, of a lot of the Hispanic voters.”

Well he’s not wrong about the alienation part. As Frank Sharry, executive director of America’s Voice recently said, “Donald Trump is going to be prove to be the most unpopular general election candidate in modern election history among Latino voters.”

But McCain is fooling himself about that being anything less than catastrophic in the fall. First, as we’ve noted: primary turnout means nothing for the general election. Second, as a Center for American Progress report recently demonstrated, there just aren’t enough of the white male voters Trump is attracting to make up for his habit of alienating Latinos and women, among other voters. In fact, quite the contrary.

Nate Silver recently said that “Trump is deeply unpopular with general election voters,” adding that he “is more likely to ‘transform the electoral map’ by turning red states blue, rather than the other way around.”

And Trump isn’t the only one in trouble; it looks like he could take the whole party down with him. If Republicans nominate Donald Trump, they risk losing a majority in the House and Senate, along with the presidency, and McCain should be worried for his own re-election.

Polls show McCain tied with his Democratic opponent Ann Kirkpatrick, and even fellow Arizona Republican Rep. Jim Kolbe is describing the race as the “toughest race that he’s faced since he was first elected.” Kolbe laid that trouble at Trump’s feet: “I don’t see how Donald Trump helps any incumbent Republicans. I think he’s a drag on the ticket.”

And McCain’s own record with Latino voters is mixed. He was a member of the Gang of Eight fighting for immigration reform, but he’s also taken harder stances, recently saying, “I still strongly believe in border enforcement, and I will continue to push for border enforcement. And if someone doesn’t believe in border enforcement, then I don’t seek their vote.”

Maybe McCain should take his head out of the sand and instead reach out to his state’s Latino voters — who make up 22% of Arizona’s electorate –instead of dismissing them.

(AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13594,10 Stories We'll Probably See on the New Fox-Owned National Geographic,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107328,The Most Important Woman in the History of Mathematics,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107304,When Walmart Calls for Arkansas' 'Religious Freedom' Bill to be Vetoed You Know its Bad,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107327,Could Your Favorite Wine Be Killing You With Arsenic?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107278,What You Need to Know About State Legislatures & ALEC from John Oliver–UPDATED,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79394,"Just days after the AP came under fire for its shoddy Clinton Foundation story, they’ve published another terrible piece on “the Trump-Clinton conspiracy election,” relying on the falsest of false equivalencies to make their indefensible case.

In his piece on the AP’s debunked and discredited Clinton Foundation story, my colleague Peter Daou wrote: “This is not the only example of the Associated Press favoring Trump over Hillary. Our research shows that the AP has covered Hillary’s emails virtually every day for the past year — meanwhile they scrub then repost Trump puff pieces. Credibility matters.”

The AP, however, seems determined to lose every last shred of theirs. “Welcome to the Trump-Clinton conspiracy election” blares the headline on their latest, positioned above an image of Hillary whispering in Jimmy Kimmel’s ear during a comedy bit mocking conspiracies on his late-night show.

The piece begins: “It’s a conspiracy: The 2016 campaign features one candidate who warned against the ‘vast right-wing conspiracy’ and another who was a leader of the so-called ‘birther’ movement” – and thus it is dishonest right from its opening lines.

There is no disclosure that Trump’s birtherism began in 2011, nor that Hillary’s quote is from 1998. And while Trump’s wild accusations about the President’s citizenship have been resoundingly discredited, 18 years after Hillary first acknowledged a “vast right-wing conspiracy,” it’s pretty difficult to make the case she was wrong when her email has been in the news every day for more than a year and her opponent inciting her assassination and calling her the co-founder of ISIS is fully gone from the news two weeks later.

The remainder of the piece is just as dishonest. Out of 22 paragraphs total, 8 of them are spent detailing the conspiracy about Hillary’s alleged health issues. They are not rumors; they are lies into which media – like the AP – have breathed credibility by treating them as worthy of discussion.

And in an election riddled with false equivalencies, this might be the gold medalist:

Donald Trump and his surrogates hint at a mysterious “illness” afflicting rival Hillary Clinton. Pushing back, Clinton warns of murky ties between Trump and the Russian government, insinuating that her Republican opponent may be a puppet of Russian President Vladimir Putin.

First of all, Hillary has not “warned of murky ties between Trump and the Russian government” as pushback against the conspiracy-mongering about her health. That is a profoundly mendacious misrepresentation of both the why and the when of warnings regarding Trump’s Russia ties.

Secondly, that is not a “conspiracy theory.” It is a concern rooted in facts about Trump’s (former) campaign staff, his business finances, his campaign’s influence over the party platform on Ukraine, his invitation to Russia to hack U.S. government servers, and his own comments about Russia and Putin.

Further, it is a concern shared by members of the intelligence community, some members of the Republican Party, and journalists with expertise in this area; it is hardly a “conspiracy” being peddled by the Clinton campaign, pulled out of thin air.

The false equivalency, and falsely attributed motivation, are then repeated:

Trump, a businessman and reality TV star, has frequently tossed out rumors about Clinton’s health and sleep schedule on the stump and on Twitter, aiming to discredit her fitness for office. Sensing an opportunity, Clinton’s team seized upon the rumor-mongering after the GOP nominee plucked Steve Bannon, the executive chairman of the conservative website Breitbart News, to be his new campaign chairman this month.

These are facts, not rumors or conspiracies. Steve Bannon’s hiring is an issue not because it’s “an opportunity” to “seize upon rumor-mongering,” but because Bannon runs a news site strongly affiliated with the alt-right, and choosing Bannon to run his campaign was a signal that Trump is going all-in on white nationalism.

Embedded throughout the piece is the insinuation that Hillary is conjuring conspiracies as either retribution or to fight fire with fire. But raising serious concerns about a presidential candidate’s ties to a foreign nation and/or his mainstreaming of white nationalism is neither vengeful nor defensively strategic. It is legitimate – and, even more fundamentally, it is one of the jobs we expect our presidents to do.

We expect our presidents to spot red flags raised by anyone who poses a threat to the nation’s security – from within or without. The AP has turned Hillary’s demonstration of a key national leadership skill into the stuff of petty grievances and contemptible politicking.

And to what end? To sabotage, in yet another way, the most qualified person ever to run for the U.S. presidency, currently locked in an electoral battle with an opponent who prioritizes fomenting violent bigotry over decent stewardship of a diverse nation.

And then they sneer at Hillary, without a trace of irony, for having said there’s a vast right-wing conspiracy.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6854,"I still haven’t forgotten the time when John Oliver blew my mind with his segment on Last Week Tonight on state-funded lotteries. If you haven’t seen it, I’ll include it below.

It’s a long segment, but I would pay extra attention at the 1:27 mark, where Oliver talks about how much money states spend on lottery commercials per year (half a billion) and how much Americans spend on lottery tickets per year ($68 billion).

It is, as he calls it, a gambling business sponsored by the government.

Of course, lower-income households tend to spend more money on the lottery, and of course, it’s nearly impossible to win, which is how states make money off of it. These are pretty intuitive conclusions. Less obvious is the cycle of addiction that states propagate to accrue these profits, cycles that make the poor even poorer.

All the while, lotteries maintain the veneer of being boons to education.

With all this in mind, let’s address the Powerball mania that has gripped America. Currently, the jackpot is $1.4 billion, the world’s largest ever. The odds of winning are 1 in 292 million, and, of course, taxes will take back up to 40% of it regardless of who wins.

But more importantly, we can observe that all the troubling aspects of state-run lotteries that John Oliver called out are at play with the Powerball.

A fantastic write-up in Think Progress makes the case that the lottery is a regressive tax on the poor:

“Profit from those ticket sales go to government coffers. The share of lottery profits that is paid out to players varies greatly by state, from just 15 percent in West Virginia to 76 percent in Massachusetts. But even that smaller share in the latter state is an important source of revenue. In 2009, lotteries in 11 states brought in more revenue than the corporate income tax. And thus the lottery acts like an implicit 38 percent tax on mainly the poorest people.”

It also, like Oliver, shatters the myth of lotteries sponsoring education:

“The promise of many lotteries is that this extra government revenue will go to important things like education funding, so people can rest easier about throwing their money at tickets. But even that promise is often hollow. In New Mexico and Georgia, two states that promised to create scholarship programs with lottery revenue, demand outstripped the money so quickly that both rescinded the promises.”

I’m not here to shame anyone for buying a Powerball ticket. But I am here to remind people that the lottery exists in a system that is already incredibly unfair to poor people, and that the lottery is misrepresenting its intentions.

Americans have a right to know.

Follow BNR on Twitter",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23747,"Another week, another episode of “I’m Maureen Dowd and I’m so jealous of Hillary my soul is about to explode.” In her latest fact-starved Clinton-bashing column, Dowd conflates Hillary with the extreme right. But she also makes a major confession about the national media’s adversarial stance toward Hillary.

For years, the New York Times has provided a platform for Maureen Dowd to publish vindictive and hateful anti-Clinton columns. On July 10, 2016, Dowd crossed the line, belittling President Obama by derisively calling him “Barry” and triggering a massive backlash for echoing language used by his racist critics.

A few weeks later, she maligned Hillary yet again, calling her crazy and comparing her to Dick Cheney.

On August 21, she wrote a column channeling Trump’s voice, and designed to deliver another heaping dose of Hillary hate, from peddling conspiracies about her health to falsely accusing her of illegal activity.

And now, in another poison-penned column, she finally confesses that she and her media peers have developed a “giant bubble of hostility” toward Hillary.

This echoes Mark Halperin’s similar August admission: “There’s a deep well of anti-Clinton sentiment in the press.”

Dowd and Halperin are revealing what anyone who follows the 2016 election intuitively knows: With a few notable exceptions, the national media are purveying an atmosphere of disrespect and disdain for the first woman with a viable shot at the presidency.

It is disgraceful.

[NOTE: This is repurposed from an August 21 article titled Clinton-Obsessed Maureen Dowd Masquerades as Trump to Bash Hillary.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107381,2 Days After Lincoln Signed the Emancipation Proclamation He Did This,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107266,Note to GOP on Cuba: The Cold War Has Been Over for 25 Years,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
4333,"After every major event that upends people’s safety and security – whether it’s an airline crash, a mass shooting, or Brexit – Donald Trump’s first instinct is to do a victory lap and make reprehensible proclamations about how it glorifies him. In stark contrast, Hillary Clinton’s first instinct is to both urge calm and personify it. That is the only appropriate response for a statesperson.

Donald is once again reveling in volatility, as the Brexit vote causes turmoil in the UK and in the global markets. Prime Minister David Cameron has resigned, Scotland’s second independence referendum will almost certainly be accelerated, and the global economy has been thrown into crisis — and he’s thrilled about all of it, calling Brexit a “great thing.”

Not only does Donald view it as a “great thing,” he doesn’t think it requires much more thought than that:

Trump on talking with foreign policy advisers about Brexit: ""I've been in touch with them but there is nothing to talk about."" — Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) June 24, 2016

Meanwhile, Hillary has released a statement expressing concern for working people and the effect this sort of volatility and turmoil may have on their lives.

“We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made.” —Hillary #BrexitVote pic.twitter.com/58yM8oDkL6 — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 24, 2016

“This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House.”

Truer words never spoken.

Those words were echoed today by Hillary’s Senior Policy Adviser Jake Sullivan, who observed that she “has the relationships to work our allies in times of economic uncertainty,” while “Donald Trump actively rooted for this outcome, and he’s rooting for the economic turmoil in its wake. He said that a falling British pound is good for his golf business. He actually said that. He actually put his golf business ahead of the interests of working families in the United States.”

“When major events like this happen,” he added, “we need effective, experienced leadership. As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton worked to restore America’s global leadership in the aftermath of the great recession. And she has proven time and again that she has the judgement, the temperament, and the experience to make America stronger even in the face of headwinds from abroad.”

We do not need a leader who feasts on volatility with zero regard for the resulting instability and the tumult it wreaks in the lives of the most vulnerable people.

To the absolute contrary, we need a leader who sees the havoc that wildly fluctuating markets, leadership voids, empowerment of white nationalism, and the potential crumbling of a major global alliance will cause on average people if calm is not restored.

Donald parading around Scotland, crowing about how “fantastic” the Brexit vote is, when it has left Scotland, in particular, with no good options, is an embarrassment. And worse yet: It is dangerous.

Real leaders, good leaders, emerge in times of crisis. Hillary is clearly the only person who is fit and prepared to lead.

Because all we will get from Donald, the Vulture of Volatility, is an exacerbation of the very problems that are exposing vulnerable people to further harm.

[Peter Daou contributed to this article.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107307,Antarctic Just Set a Record for Heat – Here’s What Inhofe Will Probably Ignore,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13588,Michael Sam is one of GQ’s Men of the Year,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107332,Bill O'Reilly Can Say Whatever He Wants Because 'Ratings',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93162,"What happens when you mix critical, classified intelligence briefings with a not-ready-for-prime-time presidential candidate who has no filter, a big mouth and a Twitter compulsion? A recipe for a major foreign policy disaster.

Does anyone envision the WH agreeing to Intel briefings w Trump, which is tradition but not law, after today's speech? — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) June 14, 2016

It’s a long-term tradition for presidential candidates: after the official nominating process at the national convention, the respective nominees are given daily intelligence briefings.

But what are agencies to do when the Republican nominee is not known for discretion or ability to keep his big mouth shut?

The top-ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, expressed concern that Trump might not be able to tell what may or may not be discussed publicly and suggested that perhaps intelligence agencies might provide him more limited briefings. Sen Chris Murphy (D-CT) agrees:

“Frankly, I just don’t think Donald Trump will keep his mouth shut,” Murphy said Wednesday. “Throughout the course of this campaign, he has shown that he has no filter and will say every last thought that comes into his head. Whether or not he would disclose classified information intentionally, his total lack of verbal discretion worries me. Trump is a loose cannon and problematic for U.S. national security.”

Think about that: people deep within our intelligence community don’t think Donald can be trusted with information, how on Earth could he be trusted with the nuclear codes?

[Updated on 6/14/16]

(Photo: AP/Charlie Neibergall)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6835,"The corporate media are busy doing the Sanders campaign’s heavy lifting by trumpeting his desperate call for Hillary Clinton to release speech transcripts, an evidence-free insinuation of corruption that should be beneath Bernie.

And it is dismaying that Bernie’s positive message of 2015 has devolved into a relentless assault on Hillary’s integrity, using innuendo and guilt-by-association to tarnish her image and damage her for the general election should she be the Democratic nominee.

Meanwhile, aside from glancing mentions by Joy Reid and Jake Tapper, there has been complete media silence on Sierra Blanca, a shocking and distressing example of Bernie acting in direct contradiction to the values he espouses.

CounterPunch:

Bernie Sanders made a cold political calculation in 1998 that affected the lives of hundreds of poor, powerless people half a country away. He did it because it would benefit his affluent, politically engaged constituency, and, in turn, benefit him.

Daily Kos:

In 1998, then Representative Bernie Sanders cosponsored and actively ushered a bill through Congress that would allow Vermont and Maine to dump their nuclear waste in the poor disadvantaged Hispanic community of Sierra Blanca, Texas. Three West Texan protestors went to Vermont to plead with then Representative Sanders that the dump site shouldn’t be located in this poor minority community, Mr. Sanders told the three activists, “My position is unchanged and you’re not going to like it.”

People’s View:

Fighting the passage of bill H.R. 629 in the senate, Senator Paul Wellstone (D-MN) spoke on the matter in great length and detail. In short, it was a case of environmental injustice. Despite the findings of the consultants that Sierra Blanca was not a good site due to its “complex geology” and also a history of earthquakes in the past due to tectonic faults in El Paso and Hudspeth counties, the Waste Authority still went ahead and picked the site because the people living there would be least likely to resist or make a fuss about it, since the majority of the residents are Spanish-speaking and poor.

More from Daily Kos:

If history tells us anything about minority communities they seemingly always get the short end of the stick. Flint, MI is one such community that comes to mind. In this case, the community of Sierra Blanca didn’t have any real political clout and they were reaching out to Mr. Sanders for help. Mr. Sanders could have stood behind this very poor Hispanic community, but as his response to the protesters revealed, he chose the political expedient route.

BNR:

Sierra Blanca is home to a large Latino population with an average income of $8,000. Last year, Politifact called the assertion that Bernie “cosponsored the bill and actively ushered it through Congress” largely accurate.

Conclusion from the People’s View:

A factoid one should note here was that at this time, the governor for whom the TLLRWDA was working was none other than George W. Bush. So, despite all that has happened to select the nuclear waste site, what was the course of action taken by Bernie Sanders? He feigned ignorance. Instead of acknowledging the environmental injustice that was going on, he washed his hands clean of any responsibility for that.

But that is not the most egregious and inexcusable aspect of the Sierra Blanca scandal. Rather, it’s what Bernie did after progressive hero Paul Wellstone inserted language into the Senate bill giving the community legal rights to oppose the dump.

Bernie strongly supported stripping out Wellstone’s provisions and returning to the original bill that he co-sponsored (and aggressively promoted) which gave the Sierra Blanca community no rights to fight back.

That’s not a progressive revolution.

That’s not even progressive.

(AP Photo/John Bazemore)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23738,"The media know it. Republican operatives know it. Democratic strategists know it. But precious few of them will openly admit it: Donald Trump isn’t running a presidential campaign.

WaPo’s Philip Bump summarizes the state of affairs that has the political world utterly befuddled:

Trump has the same ability as any other candidate to say precisely what he wants to any voter in any state: by advertising. He can buy ads in swing states and run 30- or 60-second spots making whatever case he wants in any language he chooses. He can send mail, he can knock on doors. He can, in other words, run a campaign. But he’s not. He isn’t running any ads, spending zero dollars on television (and getting outspent by the Green Party and Libertarian candidates). He isn’t contacting voters on doors or on phones, and has hardly any field offices. He isn’t sending mail. He’s tweeting, he’s holding rallies, but not much else.

Republicans are as stumped by Trump as the pundits:

Concerned Republicans say their worries go beyond the campaign’s decision to send its greatest resource — the candidate himself — to chase one or two electoral votes in Maine, or to what they believe are unwinnable states like Connecticut. The other phenomenon perplexing veteran operatives is that the Trump campaign now has the needed money to finance television ads and ground operations — they just don’t appear to be spending it.

If Donald Trump isn’t running a presidential campaign, what is he doing?

Let’s listen to what he’s telling us:

Consider his Alex Jones-style conspiracy-mongering; his meticulously crafted words of incitement and exhortations to violence; his attacks on a federal judge; his description of President Obama as a terrorist (the “founder of ISIS”); his birtherism; his retweets of neo-Nazis; his eliminationist language toward Hillary Clinton; his fierce misogyny and indifference to sexual harassment; his feud with the Khan family; his Muslim ban; his use of anti-Semitic symbols; his embrace of torture; his capriciousness about the proliferation and use of nuclear weapons; his praise for dictators; his flirtations with Putin; his welcoming of Russian cyber-espionage; his undiluted xenophobia; his racist dog whistles (“look at my African-American”); his infamous border wall and relentless anti-Mexican bigotry; his claims of a “rigged” election; his unconcealed calls for voter intimidation; his refusal to disavow ties to white supremacists.

And notably, look at his open warfare against the national media, simultaneously using them to mainstream white nationalism while verbally abusing and delegitimizing them.

I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2016

Actually, he first said reporters are ""the lowest form of life,"" but upgraded them instantly to ""the lowest form of humanity""

Moving on up! — Rebecca Sinderbrand (@sinderbrand) August 12, 2016

Taken together, there’s one very simple and logical conclusion that explains everything Trump is doing: He’s purposely working to lead an uprising of the extreme right, to be a “heroic” figurehead for white nationalism, to create an atmosphere of violence, intimidation and nullification, to mainstream the language of the far right.

Either that or he’s dumb, incompetent, foolish, mentally unstable or some combination thereof.

I realize that the latter explanations are favored by the vast majority of political and media professionals. But are they accurate?

I no longer believe so.

I confess I’ve called Trump a “buffoon” on occasion. But the evidence keeps mounting that there’s a method to his perceived madness.

If we set aside conventional wisdom and the reflexive urge to attribute his behavior to something unintentional (foolishness, sociopathy, psychological problems, personal inadequacies, etc.), we end up in a very different place from mainstream pundits. Donald Trump is neither stupid, nor deranged, nor off message. He is a smart, manipulative, shrewd, successful, cold and cunning man executing on a plan. The reason he is confounding the national media and political establishment is because they are assuming his plan is to run a successful presidential campaign.

It is not.

His failure or success can be judged by his mission and the response he’s getting to it. If his mission is to run a successful presidential campaign, then he’s clearly failing.

If, on the other hand, he’s aiming to lead a movement, an uprising — perhaps an intentionally violent one — then he is getting the job done with brutal efficiency:

The leader of Italy’s far-right Northern League party, Matteo Salvini, hailed US presidential hopeful Donald Trump as ‘heroic.’

KKK leader Thomas Robb:

“At least he’s saying things that many, many people in this country are identifying with and are saying, “Yeah, that needs to be done.” So it isn’t Donald Trump that you guys are concerned with. You’re not afraid of Donald Trump. You’re afraid of the masses of people, the millions of people supporting Donald Trump becoming awakened to what they feel to be a country that’s being taken away from them.”

Don Black, former Klan leader who runs the white supremacist website Stormfront.org:

“There’s an insurgency among our people that has been seething for decades that have felt intimidated and demoralized. The Trump candidacy has changed all that. Whatever he says, even if he gets the facts wrong, it still resonates with people.”

And there’s more:

Richard Spencer, a leading white nationalist who coined the term “alt-right” … came to national attention last year when he pronounced Donald Trump as the candidate for white Americans in an interview with The Washington Post’s David Weigel. Almost exactly a year later, he’s even happier with the presumptive GOP nominee. “I think with Trump, you shouldn’t look at his policies. His policies aren’t important. What’s most important about Trump is the emotion. He’s awakened a sense of ‘Us’ a sense of nationalism among white people. He’s done more to awaken that nationalism than anyone in my lifetime. I love the man.”

Back in December, the Washington Post analyzed Trump’s primary campaign and came away with this:

Trump is, for the most part, a disciplined and methodical candidate, according to a Washington Post review of the businessman’s speeches, interviews and thousands of tweets and retweets over the past six months. The Post’s analysis found several qualities to Trump’s approach. First is a pattern of experimentation that suggests that he is testing his insults and attacks as he goes along. Like a team of corporate marketers, Trump understands the value of message-testing — but he appears to do it spontaneously, behind the lectern and on live television.

My colleague Melissa McEwan astutely observes that with thousands of lawsuits under his belt, Trump is keenly aware of the power of words. She’s absolutely right.

He dispatched several of his Republican opponents with derisive two-word monikers.

He consistently walks right up to the line of incitement but calibrates his words to avoid violating the law.

He has applied his uncanny knack for self-promotion to create a global cult of himself.

I can no longer look at Donald Trump’s campaign and dismiss it as a big error, joke, or train wreck. The fact is, he’s not even running a presidential campaign. He’s up to something more diabolical and more dangerous.

And we have to work even harder to defeat him decisively at the ballot box and prevent him from becoming what he wants to be: A historic and (darkly) transformational figure for the extreme right. After all, more than 13 million people voted for him. And that’s not something to be trifled with.

[Updated 8/15/16]

(Photo: CNN)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107230,"Geena Davis: The More Women on the Screen, The More Women in Office.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23771,"CNN’s controversial hire of Donald Trump surrogate Corey Lewandowski is yielding another round of harsh criticism. Lewandowski doubled down on Donald’s egregious criticism of the Khan family and snapped “don’t touch me” at co-panelist Christine Quinn. This, from a man who forcibly grabbed a female reporter and was initially charged with battery for his actions.

Watch this deplorable behavior:

Reaction has been swift:

@CNNPolitics That was ugly. CNN fire Corey Lewandowski Save your soul.. — Mike kramer (@MikesPencil) August 1, 2016

@cnn Please let me know when you fire Corey Lewandowski so I can start watching again. Otherwise adios. — Paul Allen K (@Paulallenk) August 1, 2016

Pro-tip: Corey Lewandowski, telling Chris Quin to ""calm down"" on national TV will not end well. #CNN — Robert A George (@RobGeorge) August 1, 2016

Dear @CNN Your ""political commentator,"" Corey Lewandowski, actually has Trump slogans all over his Twitter page. Aren't you embarrassed yet? — LaurenBaratzLogsted (@LaurenBaratzL) August 1, 2016

@CNN , do you need ratings so badly, FIRE corey lewandowski,he is as sick as trump. Was he going to hit @SpeakerQuinn , SMH…. — Sherry Thompson (@SAT62thatsme) August 1, 2016

Come on, @NewDay Corey Lewandowski and Jeffrey Stone back-to-back? Save them for midnight when no one is watching. — Sweet Dreams (@Hubert1Sweet) August 1, 2016

@CNN you should be ashamed. Get Corey Lewandowski off the air. — Monica (@MonicaShort0207) August 1, 2016

Trump escalates fight w/parents of slain Muslim soldier & Corey Lewandowski defends him! #DumpCorey @CNN https://t.co/Cp1DAbQ5ip — Closet Liberal (@lessguns) August 1, 2016

@cnn should be ashamed of itself giving Corey Lewandowski a job and a platform to be a mouthpiece for DJT. Disgusting and disgraceful. Filth — Elle Vee (@ellemvee2013) August 1, 2016

Get Corey Lewandowski off the air and keep him off. Sick of seeing heartless, willfully ignorant Trump apologists given time on @CNN — Tracy López (@TracyDeLopez) August 1, 2016

That moment you see Corey Lewandowski trending and you hope it means #CNN has come to their senses and fired him. — LaurenBaratzLogsted (@LaurenBaratzL) August 1, 2016

@CNN hiring Corey Lewandowski is a disgrace on journalism — Pam (@pamela_pam123) August 1, 2016

CNN should fire Corey Lewandowski for nearly hitting Catherine Quinn on national TV. This dude is a sociopathic misogynist Trump shill. — Tony Medina (@PoetTonyMedina) August 1, 2016

@CNNPolitics @NewDay Corey Lewandowski, like other @realDonaldTrump supporters is naive and insensitive to the spirit of Trump's vile words. — Johnathan Alvarado (@BishopJEA) August 1, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93088,"One of the most fascinating aspects of the 2016 race is the growing chasm between media narratives about Hillary and actual reality.

We’ve covered that gap in recent weeks:

MYTHBUSTER: Former NYT Editor Says Hillary Is Fundamentally Honest and Trustworthy

Hillary Clinton Is One of the Most Ethical (and Most Lied About) Political Leaders in America

FACT: By This Measure, Hillary Clinton Is the Most Truthful Candidate in the 2016 Race

Now here’s a Gallup poll that will have heads spinning:

On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton’s supporters are more enthusiastic than Sen. Bernie Sanders’ supporters, 54% vs. 44%. … Contrary to what the optics of the campaign might project, it is Clinton’s supporters right now who are more enthusiastic.

Will reporters and pundits ditch their tired narratives now?",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93138,"Hillary’s New York victory brings her to the brink of the Democratic nomination. And she is now the first and only 2016 candidate to surpass ten million total votes. Media, THERE’S your enthusiasm.

With a sweeping NY victory, Hillary Clinton showed them how it’s done, pulling in strong Democratic support from every part of the state and energizing what appears to be a record turnout.

Other than that, no big deal. Other than she’s also been fighting the “no one is excited about Hillary” narrative, the “she’s under-performing” digs from media types, and a long string of vile character attacks from detractors across the political spectrum.

We are moving closer and closer to breaking that final glass ceiling, to saying “Madame President.” To having little girls see a woman in the White House and thinking that’s normal. To having an advocate at the very top, for women’s rights, and for women’s well-being.

No, pundits, you are so wrong. This is very exciting.

4. @HillaryClinton I'm literally in tears tonight because of this what mean. For this country and for women. — Angela Sivilli (@armsivilli) April 20, 2016

CNN projects Clinton winner in NY. Cheers! pic.twitter.com/FIoC8gFvh4 — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) April 20, 2016

[Peter Daou contributed to this article]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93143,"Irony of ironies! Roberta Lange, the chair of the Nevada Democratic party who was threatened by Bernie supporters, is one of the superdelegates Bernie is trying to woo. Has Bernie personally reached out to her after her life was threatened? No.

""I'm scared for my family, scared for my kids,"" said Roberta Lange after receiving threats from Sanders supporters https://t.co/Mxlj0XRvwA — NYT Politics (@nytpolitics) May 17, 2016

You probably know the basics: Bernie supporters at the Nevada Democratic convention went on a rampage last Saturday, mostly over their lack of understanding of the rules. Their response included hundreds of threatening voicemails left for Roberta Lange, who was chairing the meeting, and similar attacks on her employer.

“He owes me an apology for what happened” @nvdems Chair Roberta Lange on @BernieSanders https://t.co/Txwt59kqlY — CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) May 18, 2016

Lange says, not unreasonably, that the Sanders campaign owes her an apology. Has she gotten any kind of apology from the campaign, or Bernie himself? Nope.

But here’s the funny part: Roberta Lange is an unpledged superdelegate. Although I’m going to take a wild guess that, thanks to Bernie supporters, she’s not leaning in his direction.

Way to build bridges.

(AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107300,"St. Louis Post-Dispatch shows George Will the door, what will you show him?",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93190,"Donald Trump has said that in order to defeat ISIS, he’d kill their wives, mothers and children. Now he’s saying he won’t rule out using nuclear weapons against the terror group, which any sentient human knows would involve murdering countless women and children.

Unpredictability. That’s what Donald Trump has promised as part of how he would combat ISIS as president. He has also proposed killing the families — wives, mothers, and children included — of ISIS fighters and other terrorists. When asked during an interview with NBC’s Today on Thursday whether he’d use nuclear weapons in the fight, Trump said he wouldn’t rule it out:

TRUMP: I don’t want to rule out anything. I will be the last to use nuclear weapons. It’s a horror to use nuclear weapons. The power of weaponry today is the single greatest problem that our world has. … I will be the last to use it. I will not be a happy trigger like some people might be. I will be the last. But, I will never, ever rule it out.

This”unpredictability” is perhaps what led Good Morning America host George Stephanopoulos to ask Trump this week: “How do you convince people that they can trust you with the nuclear codes?”

And it’s what has the entire world in a state of apprehension.

(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93141,"Ask some people who have never worked for a woman why they wouldn’t want to and you’ll hear a familiar litany of sexist tropes: Female bosses are unqualified; they’re unlikable; they’re too cold or too weak; they’re bad for other women; they’re moody; they’re bitches. Many of the negative narratives about Hillary Clinton closely mirror negative narratives about female bosses.

A 2013 Gallup poll found that Americans who were offered their choice of boss would, if they had a gender preference at all, choose a male boss over a female boss by 12 points.

This, even though the 30% of Americans who work for a woman “are as likely to prefer having a female boss as a male one.”

I’ve always been perplexed and annoyed by the persistent bias against female bosses. It has certainly not been my experience that female bosses are anything like the stereotypes that plague them. I’ve had multiple female bosses, and I have loved working for all of them.

My first job out of college started as a temporary position at a reception desk. When I started, Helene, the firm’s only female vice-president, was traveling out of the office for a few days. I was warned—repeatedly—that Helene was a dragon lady, a “bitch on wheels,” a holy terror. The nicest way it was put to me is that she was “difficult.” By the time she was due back in the office, I’d been warned about her so many times, in so many blunt and nasty ways, that I was, frankly, terrified of her.

Helene returned to the office one morning, an hour late as I would discover was her habit. She was a beautiful, fashionable, confident woman. She introduced herself brusquely, but welcomed me to the team. I was intimidated by the sheer force of her presence, but she seemed nice enough. I waited for the other shoe to drop, for the dragon lady to reveal herself.

That day never came.

Within a few months, I was working directly for Helene. She was tough. She had high expectations of me. But she was also an incredibly generous mentor. I was eager to learn, and she was keen to teach me.

And within five years, I was the director of her department, and I had my own office overlooking Lake Michigan. From reception to an executive office at record speed. And it was in no small part because of Helene’s eminent willingness to teach, support, and empower me.

The thing is, Helene could indeed be “difficult.” But not with me. She was “difficult” with the male executives who treated her terribly, with the male staff who undermined her authority. She was “difficult” with people who treated her, the only female executive at the firm, fundamentally differently than they treated the men.

Funny that I developed a reputation for being “difficult,” too.

This has been my experience working for and with “difficult” women. I’m sure there are bad female bosses in the world; of course there are. But lots of what supposedly constitutes a “difficult” female boss, or colleague, is frequently a reflection of dynamics to which she’s reacting.

Dynamics like the one in which people reject female bosses, instead of rejecting workplace sexism.

I’ve long noticed that the more I am warned about a female colleague before I meet her, the more likely I am to like her. A lot.

This was also my experience with Hillary Clinton, once I started getting to “know” her via deep-diving into her history and career. All of the narratives I’d heard about her, some of which I assumed to be true, fell away in fluttering confetti of discreditation.

When I have spoken to people who’ve worked for her—women and men, white and people of color, queer and straight—they have all told me the same, to a person: She is kind. She is an incredibly thoughtful boss. The monster of infamy never appears.

Every woman for whom I’ve worked has had a reputation as such a monster. And not a single one of them has been anything but lovely. Challenging, smart, supportive. Intolerant of being demeaned.

Maybe that last one looks monstrous to people doing the demeaning.

There are people who want a male boss, given the choice. With no other context, no idea of what kind of boss that man would be. They just want a man.

But there are more people who either prefer female bosses or have no preference either way. Even though we don’t generally talk about presidents like bosses, even when we foolishly talk about the country as a corporation, I expect those numbers matter. And I expect they will work in Hillary’s favor.

It’s a dwindling number of folks who react to the thought of a female president with the same sort of petulant resistance of a child hollering, “You’re not the boss of me!”

And an increasing number of people who appreciate a woman who can deftly navigate all the barriers put in her way as she petitions to be their leader. Like a boss.

We’re ready.

(AP Photo/Kevin Lamarque, Pool, File)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107223,"Will You Be Getting The ""Buy Partisan"" App On Your iPhone 6?",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23778,"Travesty compounded tragedy in America this week, with blood spilled unnecessarily and unjustly. The on-camera killings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile were horrific and deplorable. The massacre of cops in Dallas was horrific and deplorable. These are terrible tragedies and our first thoughts are with the victims and their families.

It’s a difficult summer in America, with tensions running deep and violence taking lives and destroying families. Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings spoke passionately to a crowd in Texas, addressing racial injustice and the burdens of this generation to address racial divisions.

Watch:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23906,Jeb Bush is Hitting Up Wall Street Ahead of His Presidential Run,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23877,White House Tells Insurance Companies to Make It Rain Birth Control From the Heavens,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13621,"‘Normal Barbie’ Can Now Have Freckles, Scars, Cellulite and More",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93125,"The video of Hillary reacting to a Greenpeace activist who repeated a false talking point about campaign contributions is finally forcing the media to address Bernie’s relentless and misleading character attacks.

The video of Hillary saying, “I am so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me. I’m sick of it,” is embedded in news stories and is being played all over cable news and the internet. While we take absolutely no issue with the activist’s right to ask the question, we see this as an important inflection point in the 2016 campaign.

There are two ways the story is being covered. In some places, the video (or just Hillary’s quote) is being shared with little commentary beyond some description of her being angry, usually accompanied by the note that she “jabbed” her finger. This coverage treats the fact of Hillary’s demonstrable anger as the entire story.

And, in the sense that Hillary has been pressured to conceal her emotion—indeed her very humanity—by a media and commentariat who have, for decades, unscrupulously policed her every expression and every turn of phrase, the fact that she refused to abide the unwinnable rules they’ve set for her, is newsworthy all on its own.

But, of course, that is not the real story.

Other media outlets, more responsible ones, are using the incident to actually research and report on Hillary’s statement that Bernie, his staff, his surrogates, and his supporters have lied about her. Repeatedly.

These journalists are digging into the numbers, and finding that, in fact, the insinuation that she has accepted money from the “fossil fuel industry” (or any other industry for that matter) has no justification. It is a smear by innuendo.

This piece by Philip Bump in the Washington Post, filed under the blunt headline, Why Hillary Clinton is justifiably annoyed by criticism of her Big Oil fundraising, is a good example of reporting that gets to the real heart of Hillary’s response: That the accusation is utterly without merit.

At MSNBC’s MaddowBlog, Steve Benen writes:

The Washington Post published a report today, relying on data from the Center for Responsive Politics, which drew an important distinction that sometimes gets lost in the shuffle: technically, both Clinton and Sanders have received money from “the oil and gas industry.” … Because of the way contributions are categorized, money from an oil company CEO and a donation from a gas-station janitor are both counted the exact same way: it’s technically money from the “oil and gas industry.”

What Benen is alluding to is that the donations Bernie and his surrogates have tried to taint Hillary with have come from individual employees of the fossil fuel industry, who cannot necessarily be assumed to share the views of their employers. There are places in the United States where fossil fuel companies dominate the employment market. Not everyone has the privilege to only seek employment with companies whose politics perfectly align with their own.

These are among the individuals from whom Hillary has received donations—people employed by the fossil fuel industry. She has never accepted any donations from fossil fuel PACs. And fossil fuel corporations are prohibited by law from making contributions.

This is a significant moment for Hillary and a bad one for Bernie. The media are finally paying attention to Bernie’s misleading attacks.

Hillary stepped outside the perfect calibration pundits and reporters demand of her and appeared, just for a moment, the way Bernie is allowed to appear all the time without special comment: Righteously, passionately angry.

We are glad that she did, and glad that there are media outlets who are responding with credibility. It is long past time that Bernie’s frontal attack on Hillary’s integrity is shown for what it is.

Hillary responded the way she did for a reason. That reason matters. It’s because her opponent keeps implying she’s corrupt without providing an iota of evidence to support that awful claim.

If it takes Hillary responding the way any person would to finally bring Bernie’s actions to light, then we welcome it.

And if you wonder about the “perfect calibration” demanded of Hillary, watch this:

[Peter Daou contributed to this article.]

(AP Photo/Seth Wenig)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23742,"Another week, another rancid, fact-free Hillary-bashing Maureen Dowd column. This time, she tries to conceal her personal animus by putting the words in Trump’s mouth. The transparent ploy fails miserably.

For years, the New York Times has provided a platform for Maureen Dowd to publish vindictive and hateful anti-Clinton columns. On July 10, in yet another hideous tirade, Dowd crossed the line, belittling President Obama by derisively calling him “Barry” and triggering a massive backlash for echoing language used by his racist critics.

A few weeks later, she slammed Hillary yet again, calling her crazy and comparing her to Dick Cheney.

She’s at it again today, with a column ostensibly in Trump’s voice, but designed to deliver another heaping dose of Hillary hate, from peddling conspiracies about Hillary’s health to falsely accusing her of illegal activity.

Once again, I won’t grace Dowd or the NY Times with a link to her filth, but I’ll echo what countless others know: Her column is a colossal embarrassment.

There’s nothing to be proud of in purveying an atmosphere of hate for another human being, certainly not one who is under constant threat. Dowd and the NY Times should be ashamed.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93160,"Hillary has clinched the Democratic nomination, another groundbreaking achievement in the fight for equality.

If there is a better illustration of the power of seeing yourself and your struggles represented than young Emma receiving a doll with a prosthetic leg like hers, I can’t imagine it. It is no small thing; it is simultaneously affirming and validating. And it is something for which women and people of color have continued to fight, over and over.

In our information bubbles and social media memes, it’s easy to forget that women having any kind of political power is a relatively recent occurrence. My grandmother would have been 100 years old this year. At the time of her birth, women couldn’t vote. Her mother couldn’t own property in her own name, and had to use her husband’s employment to secure loans to start a cab company.

My grandmother, who flouted traditional norms of her day, working through her twenties and waiting to marry until she was 30, couldn’t have a bank account for her earnings as a nurse (she didn’t think she could be accepted to medical school to be a doctor) without her father co-signing it.

In a country founded in 1776 upon the premise that “all men are created equal,” women weren’t given a place at the table. They might have been the highly influential whispering in the ear of their husband, or a political liability needing to be managed. But they couldn’t vote, they couldn’t own property, and any assets they brought to their marriages was considered their husbands’. Nevertheless, women have spent the nation’s entire history putting cracks in that glass ceiling:

In 1866, political activist Elizabeth Cady Stanton became the first woman to run for Congress, as an independent. She received just 24 votes in New York State. Despite the loss, she continued her activism for women’s suffrage.

Suffragette Victoria Woodhall was the first woman to run for President of the United States (on a National Radical Reformers ticket with Frederick Douglass, no less!) in 1872 — almost 50 years before she could have even voted for herself.

In 1879, Belva Ann Lockwood became the first female attorney admitted to try cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. It had only been 10 years since the first woman was granted the right to practice law. Lockwood spent her considerable career fighting for women’s rights, and even ran for president twice as the Equal Rights Party candidate.

In 1916 (the year of my grandmother’s birth), Jeannette Rankin became the first woman elected to the House of Representatives. She became the only politician who would vote against the U.S.’s involvement in both world wars.

That was still four years before women themselves won the right to vote. Suffrage had been a fight since the inception of the country, but it took over a hundred years to ratify the right of women to have a voice — and not without significant casualties.

Nellie Tayloe Ross became the first elected female governor in 1922, succeeding her late husband in the state of Wyoming. She remains the only woman governor Wyoming has ever elected. Her public service wasn’t finished at the end of her single term, however. She also served as a vice chairperson of the Democratic National Committee and was the first female Director of the U.S. Mint.

Similarly, Hattie Wyatt Caraway succeeded her late husband to become the first elected woman in the U.S. Senate, as a Democrat from the state of Arkansas. She was appointed to the seat in 1931, then won the seat outright by special election in 1932 and was re-elected in 1938. On May 9, 1932, she became the first woman to preside over the Senate.

In 1933, President Franklin D. Roosevelt named Frances Perkins as Secretary of Labor, the first female Cabinet Secretary. Perkins was instrumental in crafting, administering, and overseeing the New Deal policies that saved the U.S. economy from the Great Depression. Perkins deserves much of the credit for the creation of the Social Security Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the establishment of a minimum wage, and the banning of child labor. Perkins was also the longest-serving Secretary of Labor, working with FDR for twelve years.

No list of glass ceiling breakers would be complete without Shirley Chisholm, the first African-American woman elected to Congress in 1968, at the height of the fight for civil rights. She represented the state of New York for seven terms, as a Democrat. She also became the first African-American woman to run for President on a major party in 1972.

Patricia Roberts Harris became the first African-American woman to hold a cabinet position in 1977, when Jimmy Carter named her Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and then later to Health, Education and Welfare. She also served as Ambassador to Luxembourg for President Lyndon B. Johnson.

Sandra Day O’Connor became the first woman to crack the ceiling of the last branch of government held exclusively by men, when President Ronald Reagan appointed her to the Supreme Court in 1981. O’Connor retired from the bench in 2006. By that time, she had been joined on the court by Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Sonia Sotomayor (also the first Hispanic on the court) and Elena Kagan, both appointed by Barack Obama, brought the total female representation on the highest court of land to a whopping 3.5 percent of the 112 justices since the inception of the country.

In 1984, Walter Mondale made the original “maverick” choice (sorry, John McCain) of Geraldine Ferraro as his Democratic running mate, surviving a level of misogyny that sadly hasn’t gotten more enlightened in the last 30 years. She was previously a representative for New York City, and later worked as an ambassador to the U.N. Human Rights Council.

The cracks in the ceiling grew even more numerous. Patsy Mink became the first Asian-American woman in Congress in 1965; Ileana Ros-Lehtinen became the first Latina to hold congressional office in 1989 (she is also the first congressperson with an openly transgender child).

In 1992, Carol Moseley Braun was the first elected African-American woman to the Senate. Tammy Baldwin became the first openly gay person elected to the Senate in 2012, the same year Kyrsten Sinema was the first female bisexual to be elected to the House. We also saw the election of Tammy Duckworth, the first Asian-American female elected in Illinois, and the first disabled woman elected to Congress, in that same year. She and Tulsi Gabbard (also the first Hindu and Samoan congressperson) share the honor of being the first female combat veterans elected to Congress.

And in 2007, Nancy Pelosi was elected Speaker of the House — still the highest office held by a woman to date.

It’s an impressive but by no means comprehensive list. The barriers remain. The sexism and misogyny that we have to overcome still simmer right at the surface of the national dialogue. Though we comprise more than 50 percent of the population, we only occupy 17 percent of congressional seats, 12 percent of state governorships, and a dismal 8 percent of mayoral seats in major cities. We just don’t see ourselves represented in the halls of political power. But we will, in time.

Hillary’s towering accomplishment is another huge step forward in the fight for equality.

(Photo: Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13604,Why Isn’t Darren Wilson Haunted by What Happened That Day?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107134,UPDATED - ISIS's Social Media Campaign Of Terror Threatens US Mall on Twitter,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13590,"Kim Davis, for the Love of God, Accept Huckabee's Request to Be Put in Jail",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13579,Did GOP Groups Use Secret Twitter Accounts to Coordinate Illegally With Campaigns?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107373,"Hundreds of Thousands Call for Action on Climate, But Deniers Aren't Going Anywhere",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23763,"Not 24 hours after my colleague Peter Daou published an open letter to the media admonishing them for tipping the scales in Donald’s favor, the New York Times has published a headline casting Hillary as a hunter stalking the “elusive prey” of white men, trading on one of the most sinister anti-feminist tropes – that feminist women want to kill men.

UPDATE: Common sense and decency have prevailed, and the New York Times has revised its headline, which now reads: “Hillary Clinton Targets a Skeptical Crowd: White Male Voters.”

The story is headlined: “Hillary Clinton Hunts an Elusive Prey: White Male Voters.”

It was promoted on Twitter the same way.

In an election in which I have encountered and covered countless misogynist swipes at Hillary, no headline has made me as angry as this one.

This inexcusably gross headline trades on the anti-feminist narrative that feminist women are violently aggressive toward men – constantly used to try to discredit and insult feminist women, whether in direct accusations that feminist women want to hurt and destroy men, or embedded in “jokes” like a man who disagrees with a feminist woman ending his comment with “ducks!” as though imminent physical harm awaits him.

Further, it is an analogy that exists at the expense of the very real threats that Hillary faces as a public progressive feminist woman. She has, since 1994, had to occasionally agree to wear a bulletproof vest when threats against her have reached an alarming pitch. She is not “hunting” anyone, but she herself has been hunted by people with literal, not metaphorical, intentions.

And then there is this: Hillary is leading the way on taking on the powerful gun lobby and calling for meaningful gun reform to address our national scourge of gun violence. What a cruel subversion of the work she’s doing on guns to cast her in the role of a hunter going after prey.

This is intolerable treatment of a historic female candidate. The New York Times needs to change its headline and issue an apology to Hillary Clinton now.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93184,"Because Texas is such a big state and orders books in such large quantities, the textbooks selected by their State Board of Education weigh heavily in the decisions about which ones will be printed and sold by national textbook publishers. In the past, right-wing extremists on the SBOE have been known to lobby for textbooks that reflect their values – and impose them on the nation’s children.

Eight out of 15 seats are open this year, and one candidate in particular is someone you’ll want to watch.

Republican Mary Lou Bruner is a former teacher who believes Muslims are trying to buy their way into textbooks. She also believes evolution “is a religious philosophy with propaganda supporting the religion of Atheism,” and that scientists have ignored and hidden evidence that humans and dinosaurs walked the planet at the same time.

Here are some more of the things Bruner wants us to know, courtesy of the Texas Freedom Network, who tracks these things:

The dinosaurs on [Noah’s ark] may have been babies and not able to reproduce. … After the flood, the few remaining Behemoths and Leviathans may have become extinct because there was not enough vegetation on earth for them to survive to reproductive age.”

Her views on climate change:

“Climate change has nothing to do with weather or climate; it is all about system change from capitalism (free enterprise) to Socialism-Communism. The Climate Change HOAX was Karl Marx’s idea. It took some time to ‘condition’ the people so they would believe such a ridiculous HOAX.”

But wait, there’s more!

Why does President Obama support LGBT equality? That’s because the president is gay himself, Bruner says (screenshot): “Obama has a soft spot for homosexuals because of the years he spent as a male prostitute in his twenties. That is how he paid for his drugs. He has admitted he was addicted to drugs when he was young, and he is sympathetic with homosexuals; but he hasn’t come out of the closet about his own homosexual/bisexual background.”

If this was just another reality show, we could sit back and eat popcorn. But if Bruner is elected, she will have a vote in what children all over America learn. And that’s really not a good thing.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13573,You Won’t Believe What Our Lawless President Has Done This Time,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107196,A Look At the Motor That Runs Many Dems’ Fundraising Machines,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23758,"A leading American evangelical leader is challenging American evangelicals to see Hillary through the eyes of their global brothers and sisters.

Before you think for a moment that Deborah Fikes must not be a “real” evangelical, consider her credentials: She has served on the board of the National Association of Evangelicals and was the Executive Advisor to the World Evangelical Alliance for almost a decade.

Deborah is legit, she’s supporting Hillary, and here’s what she’s written at Nicholas Kristof’s “On the Ground” blog for the New York Times:

Evangelicals from all regions, but particularly in Africa, consider Hillary Clinton a “sister in Christ” and someone who lives out the Golden Rule in all the good she has done for women and children. Many affectionately call her “Sister Hillary.”

Back in February, I compiled six of Hillary’s most beautiful expressions of faith. Watch and see why the “Sister Hillary” moniker resonates:

“Faith is just — it’s grace. It’s love. It’s mystery. It’s provocation. It is everything that makes life and its purpose meaningful as a human being. And those moments of grace are ones that I cherish.”

“Regardless of how hard the days are, how difficult the decisions are, be grateful. Be grateful for being a human being. Being part of the universe. Be grateful for your limitations. Know that you have to reach out to have more people be with you, to support you, advise you. Listen to your critics. Answer the questions. But at the end, be grateful. Practice the discipline of gratitude. And that has helped me enormously.”

“We got in that church van and we went down to Orchestra Hall and we heard Dr. King. And I remember standing in that long line just to shake his hand after hearing one of his famous sermons, “Staying Awake Through the Revolution.” I’ve read that many times since, trying to absorb even more than the first impression that I felt so strongly. I left that hall a different person thanks to my church.”

“I think every one of us in those places near and close to home, in our own churches, our own work environments; we can roll up our sleeves and like those indomitable United Methodist Women before us, keep taking the social Gospel out into the world, even when our resources are meager— just 5 loaves and 2 fish ― even when the odds are long, a multitude to feed, even when we are tired and all we want to do is go away by ourselves to a secluded place and rest a while; even then, especially then. Let’s make it happen.”

“The church where these killings took place is known as Mother Emmanuel. And like any mother, it holds its flock close. Today is a day to hold each other even closer.”

“Let us pray that we will all continue to be our brothers’ and sisters’ keepers. Let us pray that amid our differences, we can continue to see the power of faith not only to make us whole as individuals, to provide personal salvation, but to make us a greater whole and a greater force for good on behalf of all creation. So let us do all the good we can, by all the means we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, to all the people we can, as long as ever we can.”

Amen, Sister.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107234,This Lawmaker Says a Baby Cut From Womb Was a 'Curse of God',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107326,"Walmart, Lowe's, Nordstrom and Others Are Working to Slash Workers' Comp Nationwide",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107410,Who says all pit bulls are mean? This one is BFFs with a deer!,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23766,"At the end of a long, contentious primary, everyone who works for a national campaign is exhausted. It’s often the time we see unforced errors and wheels getting wobbly, if not spinning off completely. But not Hillary’s campaign. Her general election rollout has been spectacular.

The Morning Joe crew discussed Donald Trump’s horrendous poll numbers and the disastrous spectacle that is his campaign. They also talked about Hillary’s well-executed general election strategy, saying that her campaign “really knows what they’re doing.”

Instead of taking a breather from the bruising primary fight, Hillary’s campaign has found a way to draw on the energy of her historic nomination to propel her candidacy forward. Some of the highlights: Her foreign policy speech in San Diego and its scathing indictment of Donald; her moving victory address; her clever “delete your account” Twitter fight with Donald; her extraordinary endorsements from President Obama, Senator Elizabeth Warren and others; her landmark speech on reproductive justice; her team’s awesome fake ad for Trump University; her speech calling for the reinstatement of the assault weapons ban.

And now, the campaign has released one of three general election television ads to air in eight states as “part of a massive, eight-figure six-week television buy, according to a campaign official.” The ad, titled “Always,” highlights Hillary’s long-term commitment to improving the lives of children.

That isn’t even a comprehensive list of the big risks which are paying off only because they have all been flawlessly executed.

And all taken for granted because they were.

Yes, it’s objectively true that Donald’s campaign is a major flop. The candidate himself is a full-tilt bigotry machine with the presidential fitness of a garden gnome. His team is comprised of bullies and ne’er-do-wells, who have utterly failed to build a national campaign that’s ready to compete in a general election.

But it’s important to recognize that Hillary’s campaign is not merely successful by comparison to Donald’s clown show. It is objectively successful by the standards of any presidential campaign. Including her own 2008 campaign. Which is yet another indication that Hillary listens, takes her lessons, learns from them, and grows.

Which just happens to be another stark contrast with Donald.

This has been a long campaign for Hillary and her team already. Their stamina is amazing. Which is not merely an observation about the campaign, but, frankly, another qualification for the presidency.

The presidency is not a sprint; it’s a marathon. I’m both impressed and reassured to see Hillary getting her second wind in a big way, right at the moment lots of other people would stumble.

And then there is this: Donald is likely to be a catastrophic disaster right up until Election Day, failing some desperate intervention from his party to oust and replace him. He’s so bad that perhaps Hillary actually could rest on her laurels and just let Donald implode. But she isn’t.

She’s out there working every day to be the best candidate, to make the best case, to earn every vote.

I appreciate that — in the sense that I am grateful and in the sense that I recognize what it says about the kind of politician and person she is. And I am also keenly aware that to fail to acknowledge it is another way of discrediting her: It’s not that she’s a great candidate, some will inevitably argue, but that he’s a terrible one.

But Hillary would be a great candidate even if Donald weren’t a disaster. And the last week makes that abundantly clear.

I don’t support her because she’s not Donald Trump. I support her because she’s Hillary Clinton.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23753,"Dozens of theories have been propounded to explain Donald Trump’s outlandish and dangerous behavior; most of them center on his insatiable appetite for self-aggrandizement. But everything he is doing makes perfect sense if you look at it through the right (and white) prism. Simply put: His ambitions are larger than the U.S. presidency.

I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2016

Something’s been bugging me about Donald Trump’s candidacy. I don’t mean the egregious comments — we all know how offensive they are. I’m talking about the strategy behind it, the sense that something else is going on that we haven’t quite figured out:

Whatever it is, something seems fishy; it feels like we’re getting played. And we need to pay careful attention. Complacency is dangerous.

And today it clicked: Donald Trump is not running a campaign to win the American presidency. Rather, he is using his presidential run as a vehicle to achieve a larger personal ambition: To be seen as the leader of a “white [nationalist] awakening” — the term David Duke used to describe his campaign.

By accident or design, Trump is now seeking what he sees as a greater glory than the mere presidency. His strategy could be described as “lose at all costs.” That’s not to say he wants to lose. Far from it. He’d happily advance his agenda from the Oval Office.

It’s that he is willing to pay the price of defeat, denunciation and even disgrace to become a (darkly) transformational figure in American history, organizing and empowering the extreme right, mainstreaming their views with the help of a timid national media, and fully awakening the forces of bigotry and intolerance that lurk in the shadows of American society.

Chauncey Devega describes how those shadowy forces have become increasingly visible during President Obama’s tenure:

Since the election of Barack Obama, the United States’ first black president, Republicans — urged on by the Tea Party faction and right-wing media — have used the antebellum slave regime language of “nullification” and “states’ rights” to undermine federal authority and to call into question Obama’s political legitimacy. The right-wing media, its opinion leaders, and elected officials, have also openly talked about a second American “civil war” in response to Barack Obama’s (very centrist and moderate) policy initiatives. Conservatives routinely call Obama a “tyrant” or say that his policy initiatives (such as the Affordable Care Act) are infringements on “liberty” and “freedom.” This is speech that is designed to encourage violence against a democratically elected public official.

It’s hardly news that Trump appeals to these radical conservatives and their violently racist fringes. A fair amount of commentary examines that appeal. But it’s something entirely different to take the logical next step and acknowledge that analyzing Trump as a candidate who is legitimately running for the highest office is a fool’s errand. Everything he says and does is confounding from that perspective. By contrast, his behavior makes perfect sense through the prism of his long term mission to “awaken” the extreme right. Seen in that light, his words aren’t accidental, they are purposeful. And diabolical.

Consider his Alex Jones-style conspiracy-mongering; his meticulously crafted words of incitement and exhortations to violence; his attacks on a federal judge; his description of President Obama as a terrorist (the “founder of ISIS”); his birtherism; his eliminationist language toward Hillary Clinton; his fierce misogyny and indifference to sexual harassment; his feud with the Khan family; his Muslim ban; his use of anti-Semitic symbols; his embrace of torture; his capriciousness about the proliferation and use of nuclear weapons; his praise for dictators; his flirtations with Putin and Russian hackers; his undiluted xenophobia; his racist dog whistles (“look at my African-American”); his infamous border wall and relentless anti-Mexican bigotry; his claims of a “rigged” election; his unconcealed calls for voter intimidation; his refusal to disavow ties to white supremacists.

And there’s so much more:

For the second time this year, Donald Trump has retweeted a message from an apparent neo-Nazi, raising troubling questions about his judgment and the ideology of some of his supporters. [And] when British citizens proposed he be banned from their country via a petition, Trump encouraged his supporters to read the writings of U.K. conservative and former “Apprentice” cast-member Katie Hopkins. Hopkins has compared migrants to ”cockroaches” and “feral humans” and was reportedly investigated for “inciting racial hatred” in early 2015.

We are the clowns, not Trump, if we continue to believe that all of this, all the filth that emanates from him, is simply due to arrogance, loose lips, a lack of discipline, or some other facile excuse. Trump may be ignorant but he is extremely shrewd. His mastery of the extreme right’s lexicon and uncanny ability to knock out opponents during the Republican primary are reason enough to assume he possesses substantial political skill.

Evan Osnos, writing for The New Yorker:

From the pantheon of great demagogues, Trump has plucked some best practices—William Jennings Bryan’s bombast, Huey Long’s wit, Father Charles Coughlin’s mastery of the airwaves—but historians are at pains to find the perfect analogue, because so much of Trump’s recipe is specific to the present.

With slick operatives like Paul Manafort around him, it is increasingly difficult to believe that all of Trump’s inflammatory rhetoric is accidental and unintentional.

My colleague Melissa McEwan elaborates:

Donald has, throughout his campaign, wantonly flirted with antisemitism, often in ways that have, wrongly, been attributed to his simply being ignorant of history. But it is not ignorance; it is plausible deniability. His white nationalist supporters hear these dog whistles loud and clear, while his surrogates spin excuses. There is a reason he insistently uses the “America First” rallying cry and waxes enthusiastic about Brexit, which was delivered on a cresting wave of anti-immigrant racism.

More from Sarah Kendzior:

What Trump is doing — and has been doing all along — is pivoting Americans toward his bigoted and paranoid worldview. He has made extremism mainstream to the point that David Duke now feels comfortable running for Senate. With his encouragement, his supporters have attacked non-white and non-Christian Americans. And, in its desperation for ratings, the financially struggling U.S. media has been key to normalizing Trump, giving him more airtime than any other candidate and often failing to challenge him on his lies and his bigotry.

And from the Huffington Post:

Trump’s slogan, “Make America Great Again”, does not align at all with his rhetoric or political agenda. His campaign slogan should instead offer, “Make America White Again.” That’s the subtext to his message, appealing to those that pine for a return to the days when discriminatory laws, openly bigoted politics, racial violence, and a culture of hate and cruelty were tolerated when directed at people of color.

This clip from BNR’s video team, which exposes the underbelly of the Republican convention and has amassed nearly 10 million Facebook views, captures the exact language Trump is speaking. It’s the language of lawlessness — from the self-described “law and order” candidate.

If we open our eyes, we can see that Donald Trump is already realizing his vision of a white nationalist “awakening.” The signs are everywhere:

The leader of Italy’s far-right Northern League party, Matteo Salvini, hailed US presidential hopeful Donald Trump as ‘heroic.’

KKK leader Thomas Robb:

“At least he’s saying things that many, many people in this country are identifying with and are saying, “Yeah, that needs to be done.” So it isn’t Donald Trump that you guys are concerned with. You’re not afraid of Donald Trump. You’re afraid of the masses of people, the millions of people supporting Donald Trump becoming awakened to what they feel to be a country that’s being taken away from them.”

Don Black, former Klan leader who runs the white supremacist website Stormfront.org:

“There’s an insurgency among our people that has been seething for decades that have felt intimidated and demoralized. The Trump candidacy has changed all that. Whatever he says, even if he gets the facts wrong, it still resonates with people.”

There are countless other examples, as Joan Walsh explains:

Richard Spencer, a leading white nationalist who coined the term “alt-right” … came to national attention last year when he pronounced Donald Trump as the candidate for white Americans in an interview with The Washington Post’s David Weigel. Almost exactly a year later, he’s even happier with the presumptive GOP nominee. “I think with Trump, you shouldn’t look at his policies. His policies aren’t important. What’s most important about Trump is the emotion. He’s awakened a sense of ‘Us’ a sense of nationalism among white people. He’s done more to awaken that nationalism than anyone in my lifetime. I love the man.”

Assessing Trump’s campaign from a traditional electoral standpoint is a fruitless exercise; hardly anything he is doing makes sense in that respect. And it’s not just political observers and pundits who are stumped by him. Republican officials seem baffled too:

Concerned Republicans say their worries go beyond the campaign’s decision to send its greatest resource — the candidate himself — to chase one or two electoral votes in Maine, or to what they believe are unwinnable states like Connecticut. The other phenomenon perplexing veteran operatives is that the Trump campaign now has the needed money to finance television ads and ground operations — they just don’t appear to be spending it.

This mystification would be justified — if Trump’s central focus were actually winning in November. It’s clearly not. Granted, he’ll occasionally appease GOP operatives (and throw off the media), by offering a concession … barely:

Trump says he was ""obviously"" being sarcastic about ""founder of ISIS"" comments but then says ""but not that sarcastic."" — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) August 12, 2016

But aside from a few gratuitous qualifiers like the one above, Trump is intransigent: “I’m not changing strategy or my temperament.”

Why would he change? His plan is working, not to win the White House, but to change America — and the world — by triggering a white nationalist uprising and becoming a “heroic” figurehead in what his followers see as a defining war against inexorable demographic shifts.

So for anyone who opposes what Trump stands for, it’s not just enough to defeat him in November (which we must do) but to understand that what he’s after is even more ambitious, and more dangerous.

Part 2 here.

[Updated 8/14/16]

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13656,"While the GOP Were Embarrassing Themselves at the Debate, Bernie Sanders Was Doing This",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13647,MEMO: Pushing Students in PE Doesn’t Actually Mean Forcefully Dragging a Student,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107363,Sean Hannity: Parents Have Right to Teach Kids “Being Gay Is Not Normal”,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93151,"UPDATE: Hillary Clinton has won the New York primary, bringing her one (big) step closer to history.

Exit polls in New York tell us everything we need to know. The “enthusiasm gap” is a myth, a media creation. It is long past time to give Hillary her due for firing up voters and creating an energized, motivated and winning coalition.

When Hillary loses a primary, the media obsess over exit polling that appears detrimental to her, cherry-picking numbers that serve narratives about her supposed untrustworthiness, or low enthusiasm among her supporters.

In New York, AP exit polling has found that “two-thirds of Democratic voters say the contest between former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders has been energizing for the party.” NBC exit polling has found that “72% of NY Dems say Clinton energized the party” while “64% say Sanders did.”

In a primary in which a significant majority of voters say that the contest has energized the party, Hillary is named as the more energizing candidate by a difference of 8 points.

That runs directly counter to the persistent narrative that Hillary’s supporters are not enthusiastic about her.

We challenge the media to report these very positive and mythbusting numbers with the same fervor that they have reported negative and myth-serving numbers—and be fair to Hillary tonight, at long last.

[Peter Daou contributed to this article]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107380,Why Fred Phelps's Son Wants To Be a Pro-Gay Filmmaker,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23582,UPDATED: Television Reporter and Photographer Shot and Killed Live on Air,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93171,"During Thursday’s Democratic debate, Hillary Clinton confronted Bernie Sanders on his continued insinuation that she is somehow tainted by financial industry contributions:

I would just say, I debated then Senator Obama numerous times on stages like this, and he was the recipient of the largest number of Wall Street donations of anybody running on the Democratic side ever. Now, when it mattered, he stood up and took on Wall Street. He pushed through, and he passed the Dodd-Frank regulation, the toughest regulations since the 1930’s. So, let’s not in anyway imply here that either President Obama or myself, would in anyway not take on any vested interested, whether it’s Wall Street, or drug companies, or insurance companies, or frankly, the gun lobby to stand up to do what’s best for the American people.

Hillary is absolutely right. And in my view, she let Bernie off the hook. She could have asked him a simple question: Does he believe President Obama is corrupt because of financial industry contributions?

It’s a yes or no question that is central to the 2016 race. Does Bernie think President Obama is compromised by Wall Street contributions? If so, he should have the courage to say it. If not, he shouldn’t imply that a female candidate would be influenced by donations or speaking fees. There’s a word for that.

The endless drumbeat that Hillary is dishonest is now driven directly from the top of Bernie’s campaign. The candidate doesn’t say it in so many words, but the inference is crystal clear. It is an “artful smear” where any mention of the “establishment” or Wall Street is a Pavlovian trigger designed to impugn Hillary’s character. The Wall Street Dog Whistle.

No matter how lofty and inspiring Bernie’s message, no matter how much he motivates younger voters, it is deeply unjust – and frankly, reckless – to run a campaign premised on the destruction of Hillary’s character through false innuendo. And make no mistake, Bernie’s campaign message and the behavior of his supporters have become less about something and more against someone. His path to victory runs right through Hillary’s integrity. It’s a regrettable turn of events in an election where Bernie had initially vowed to stay positive and issue-driven.

Let’s examine the Bernie/Obama relationship further. What is Bernie’s true posture toward the President?

Speaking as a progressive who has been critical of American drone policy and of some aspects of the extension of Bush’s transgressions on civil liberties (such as indefinite detention), I can understand the progressive critique of President Obama. Indeed I was an early and vocal critic. But there is absolutely no doubt in my mind that the President has done a tremendous job of moving the progressive agenda forward in the face of an intransigent Republican Party. His signature accomplishment, the Affordable Care Act, is a monumental achievement, and something Hillary worked on decades before.

Bernie stated during the debate that he and President Obama were friends:

As you know, he came to Vermont to campaign for me when he was a senator. I have worked for his re-election. His first election and his re-election. But I think it is really unfair to suggest that I have not been supportive of the president. I have been a strong ally with him on virtually every issue. Do senators have the right to disagree with the president? Have you ever disagreed with a president? I suspect you may have.

Is that the full story? To bolster Hillary’s assertions that Bernie has positioned himself in opposition to the President’s legacy, her campaign released an extensive fact-sheet to the media listing the following proof points:

It’s hard not to draw a clear inference from all this: any voter who wants to preserve and extend President Obama’s signature accomplishments should vote for Hillary Clinton.

And one last thing: that Bill Press book Bernie promoted? The publisher’s mission is to “provide a forum for the creative people, bedrock principles, and innovative ideas of contemporary conservatism and to chronicle the historic reforms those people and principles would bring.”

Their other authors: Donald Trump. Rush Limbaugh. Glenn Beck. Laura Ingraham. Michelle Malkin. Karl Rove. Oliver North. Dick Cheney. James O’Keefe, noted producer of false and inflammatory videos. Convicted felon Dinesh D’Souza.

Does Bernie Sanders really want to be pushing this?",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23879,Shocking truth about the health of mothers,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23911,"In Ferguson, Are We Doomed to Repeat Our Mistakes on Race?",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107276,Does Hope & Change Come With GOP? Have They Already Saved the Country?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107241,Fox News Can't Talk About Mental Illness Because They Cause It,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23852,"From The Chibok Girls to a Texas Court, This is What Our World Thinks of Girls",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13585,"VIDEO: The Sarah Palin Channel Is Really, Really Terrible",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93079,"Donald Trump doesn’t understand, or care, how culture works; what it means to be a woman; or how indecent it is to imagine away Hillary Clinton’s womanhood in order to attack her for being a woman.

After both of them solidified their places as their respective parties’ nominees, Donald Trump used his victory speech to go after Hillary Clinton: “Frankly,” he mused, “if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don’t think she’d get 5 percent of the vote.”

There’s a lot wrong with that statement, not least of which is the embedded implication that being a woman is somehow beneficial in US politics—though the low percentages of women at every level and in every branch of government certainly does not bear that out, not to mention the little fact of our never having elected a female president.

But the most significant, if less obvious, problem with his statement is that it presupposes if Hillary were a man, she’d be the same person she is now—just with a different gender.

And that is fundamentally false, representing Trump’s incomprehension of—or indifference to—how culture works. We do not grow up in a vacuum, but are socialized within a context steeped in oppressions that shape us.

If Hillary had been born a boy, she wouldn’t be the same person that she is today, because her entire life’s journey wouldn’t have been undertaken on a path littered with gender barriers and sexist double standards.

(Which is to say nothing of the practical differences that would have manifested throughout her life if she were not a woman: Higher pay, more professional opportunities, never having to balance pregnancy and career, decreased likelihood of gendered violence, and all the other attendant benefits conferred by male privilege.)

Certainly there are male politicians who center women and girls in their advocacy, but none quite the way Hillary has. And none of them with the lived experience she has by virtue of her womanhood.

If Hillary were a man, she would not be the same person she is, and she would not be the same candidate.

Trump’s hypothetical male version of Hillary Clinton just wouldn’t exist. And that is a problem—because he casually suggests that such a person could exist, in a way that undermines her authority and experience as a woman.

It’s not just that she is a woman that matters, but that being a woman confers a perspective that informs her candidacy.

And, crucially, it is being a woman that opens her up to sexist attacks precisely like the one Trump is making.

There is a particular cruelty in his imagining an impossible scenario in which Hillary Clinton were a man, while simultaneously attacking her on the very basis that she isn’t one.

As I have previously observed, Hillary can’t escape the context of her womanhood by wishing it away, and the people who attack her don’t get to wish it away, either—especially not for the reason of accusing her of playing a gender card.

Trump will almost certainly revisit this fantastical image of a male Hillary Clinton, in order to justify his attacks on her. When he does, it will be just as unfair as it was this time. And just as ignorant of the fact that one cannot wrench a woman’s womanhood from her personhood.

He might well wish that he were running against a man, given his extensively documented problems with women, but he’s not. Hillary is a woman—and that is not a problem for her; it’s a problem for people who don’t respect or understand women.

(Photo: Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23909,Indiana Gov Didn't Anticipate 'Hostility' With 'Right to Discriminate' - Seeks to 'Clarify',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13649,Aide Does Backflip for New House Freshman Gwen Graham at Orientation,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107184,"People Are Actually Going to Vote for Republicans on Tuesday, and That Is Hilarious",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13580,The Dumbest Tweets of the Day: Curt Schilling Explains How Evolution Isn’t True,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23904,Thanks Oklahoma for Another Botched Execution,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107267,"I'm Sorry, But You Actually Have to See This Horrible Thing Michele Bachmann Said",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13601,Scott Brown Failed. Now He's Got a New Gig -- Exactly Where You Think It Is,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23777,"On the same day that the WH Correspondents’ Association embarrassed itself by equating Donald and Hillary, the media’s bizarre reaction to a Hillary joke once again proves why she can never win with them.

Hillary is less than four months away from making history and her detractors keep laboring to derail her candidacy. Those detractors include a substantial number of mainstream media reporters and pundits, whose unshakable fealty to anti-Hillary narratives is truly astounding.

One of those narratives is that anytime she acts like we all do and cracks a joke, it’s a deviation from their caricature of a robotic creature with no human emotions whose sole mission is to lie and deceive people.

A perfect example is the tizzy she’s triggered with an innocuous (and funny) joke about Pokemon Go.

No, you're not being messed with, Hillary really did just say the ""Pokemon Go to the polls"" line. — Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) July 14, 2016

The joke is not helped by seeing the video. pic.twitter.com/W8n8EMh1gf — Philip Bump (@pbump) July 14, 2016

Hillary Clinton just made a Pokemon GO reference. I do not understand it. Help! — Tamara Keith (@tamarakeithNPR) July 14, 2016

Hope you are all as happy with yourself as Hillary looked as soon as she said the word Pokemon Go during her speech. — Jeremy Barr (@jeremymbarr) July 14, 2016

Trump: Gets earned media by attacking Mexicans, Muslims, …

Hillary: Gets earned media by making Pokémon Go joke. https://t.co/i2gCykPj72 — David Bloom (@dbloom) July 14, 2016

Sometimes, when you try to be too hip, it backfires. https://t.co/3jO1wuE5LK — Elite Daily (@EliteDaily) July 14, 2016

Hillary Clinton just made a Pokemon Go reference on the campaign trail https://t.co/Heo9DFaz4f pic.twitter.com/Lnu7OTHJbM — Business Insider (@businessinsider) July 14, 2016

Let’s end with some common sense:

If my choice is between @HillaryClinton making a dorky joke and this sort of ""humor,"" I'll take the dork every time. https://t.co/nCQb7iOYDB — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) July 14, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6844,"Pennsylvania Senator Pat Toomey joins colleagues agreeing to meet President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee — but won’t vote on him.

Pennsylvania Senator Pat Toomey joined a short list of Republican senators who have said they will meet with Judge Merrick Garland, President Obama’s nominee to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. According to The Morning Call, six of the Republican senators who have agreed to meet with Garland, including Toomey, are up for reelection.

In a statement, Toomey said he agreed to meet with Garland “out of courtesy and respect for both the president and the judge.” Politico noted that his decision comes amid protests for Toomey to act, and that Toomey is one of the most vulnerable senators up for reelection this year.

Among the signs at the protest are ones reading “Do Your Job.”

Like other vulnerable Republicans, Toomey wants to have it both ways. He agreed to meet with Garland, but he also stressed that he believes the next president should be the one to select a Supreme Court nominee.

Good luck trying to thread that needle.

(AP Photo/Matt Rourke)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107238,Minimum Wage Worker is Fired After Talking to Reporter Her Boss Introduced Her To,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23924,Why the Frack Can’t We Do Something About These Earthquakes Already?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
85242,EXCLUSIVE: Bree Newsome Speaks For The First Time After Courageous Act of Civil Disobedience,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107368,Kindly Officers Help Struggling Young Comedian 'Chris Rock' With His Act,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23889,"US last in healthcare among wealthy countries, red states try to stay that way",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93113,"A spokesperson for Sen. Rob Portman’s (R-OH) reelection campaign this weekend justified Portman’s obstruction of President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland by saying that Ohio’s voters don’t care about the issue.

Rob Portman is in a tight spot regarding the nomination of Garland, whom many consider to be a moderate. He has gone all in with Republican leaders in Washington who want to block his confirmation, but at home in Ohio, Portman tries to portray himself as more reasonable, saying he will meet with Garland.

The Cincinnati Enquirer picked up on this dilemma, reporting that the Supreme Court vacancy is putting Portman in a “hot seat.” But Portman’s spokesperson told the paper that it doesn’t matter anyway because Ohioans aren’t interested:

“Rob is focused on the issues that Ohio families care about — jobs and the economy, terrorism, and the heroin epidemic that is gripping our state,” said Kevin Smith, Portman’s communications director. “He has a record of delivering for Ohio families on these issues and he will continue to fight for them.”

Aside from the fact that Portman himself once said that confirming judges was a key Senate responsibility, Ohio voters do care about the Supreme Court vacancy, so much so that a majority in the state say they are less likely to vote for Portman if he continues obstructing.

What’s more, recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings on redistricting and voting rights have had a huge impact on Ohio. The high court’s ruling on the Affordable Care Act last year protected health insurance subsidies for more than 160,000 Ohioans. And the plaintiff in the Supreme Court’s landmark ruling legalizing same-sex marriage nationwide, Jim Obergefell, is from Portman’s hometown of Cincinnati, Ohio.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93180,"Media coverage on this Memorial Day holiday weekend has been rife with overwrought pieces on Hillary’s so-called “struggles.” Apparently the candidate with the most votes, the best organization and the most money is the one in trouble. Oh right, it’s Hillary. What else do you expect from our media?

The Guardian laments “it’s all going wrong for Hillary Clinton.”

Chuck Todd of Meet The Press asks: “How did we get to the point where Clinton would be the most unpopular nominee in history?”

The New York Times insists that Hillary is “struggling to find her footing.”

That same NYT piece claims (with no sourcing) that Hillary’s campaign is considering “Poor Donald” as a moniker for her GOP rival, which prompted her spokesperson to tweet, simply: “No. We’re not.”

There’s something incredibly surreal about the national media’s pathological need to slam Hillary — it’s as though they have only one speed: 100 MPH against Hillary.

Sure, there’s the occasional nod to reality, like NBC News admitting that she is still the favorite to win in November. But almost to a person, corporate journalists and pundits are stuck in Hillary attack mode and are physiologically incapable of getting out of it.

Then I think about reality, that pesky place where Hillary is outpacing her rivals by millions of votes, where she’s weathered more incoming fire than virtually any candidate in history, where her supporters are inspired and excited. I think about the superstar surrogates who have yet to hit the trail for her: Barack Obama, Elizabeth Warren, Joe Biden and yes, maybe one day even Bernie Sanders.

I look ahead to the fall and imagine how thin Donald will have worn by then. Women can’t stand him. He’ll look like a fool in the debates. More sleaze about him — and from him — will emerge (if that’s possible).

And Hillary will go on to make history.

In the meantime, we’ll have to endure much more of this silly hand-wringing and concern trolling on the part of the national media and commentariat.

I guess it’s an inescapable part of the Hillary journey.

(AP Photo/Charles Dharapak)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107162,Wouldn't It Be Interesting If Anyone Could Question the Benghazi Committee?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23746,"Donald is in trouble and he knows it. His explicit call for Russia to conduct espionage and expose sensitive U.S. emails has caused an outcry and led to accusations of treason.

Watch this and judge for yourself if Donald has something serious to hide:

By way of background, this BNR video captures the reaction to Donald’s dangerous and disqualifying remarks about Russia:

And here’s an excellent Morning Joe segment on the issue of Donald’s apparent loyalty to Russia:

There’s more:

Trump on Fox on Putin:I said he's a better leader than Obama, b/c Obama's not a leader,so he's certainly doing a better job than Obama is — Deirdre Walsh (@deirdrewalshcnn) July 28, 2016

Fmr. CIA Dir. Panetta on Trump call for Russia HRC hacking: Trump's loyalty to U.S. in question & possible ""conspiracy"" with a foreign power — Christiane Amanpour (@camanpour) July 27, 2016

There is now an open question facing the American public: Is Donald Trump disloyal to America and in league with Putin? The answer may be even scarier than the question.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93177,"In which I write a thank-you letter to Hillary, in gratitude for everything she has done to get to this moment. I invite you to co-sign, by sharing on social media using the hashtag #HistoryMade.

Dear Hillary:

Thank you.

Thank you for being first to reach this summit, if not the first to walk the trail. Thank you for listening to the women who went before, for honoring them, for learning from them, for building on what they started, for giving them credit.

Thank you for bringing us along. For being a woman who uplifts other women; who never positions herself as superior to other women; who doesn’t audit other women’s expressions and experiences of womanhood.

Thank you for caring about children. For dedicating so much of your long career to bettering the lives of children and talking about them as the humans they are; for always remembering their present needs; for not using them as a political tool to suggest they need protection from marginalized people (but not from guns or hunger).

Thank you for talking about marginalized people as rights-bearing humans with complex needs and agency. Thank you for saying women’s rights are human rights, and gay rights are human rights. For talking in your stump speech about protecting the rights of people of color and disabled people and voters and workers.

Thank you for being thoughtful and measured in your deliberations, for taking seriously the gravity of the presidency. For promising to prioritize harm mitigation. For not treating lightly the enormous responsibility with which you’ll be tasked.

Thank you for being a listener, and a learner. Thank you for finding a way to build bridges and forge unity and create fragile alliances with temperamental fools to get things done.

Thank you for everything you have done along your journey to this moment. For fighting for educational and housing rights. For fighting for other female lawyers. For fighting for healthcare. For fighting for first responders and veterans. For fighting for people who need jobs, childcare, food. For fighting for people who need someone in power to recognize their value — their humanity.

Thank you for being willing to fight for me, even when I haven’t agreed with you. Even when I didn’t support you. Even when I was a younger woman, still full of uninterrogated internalized misogyny, which sometimes spilled out in your direction.

Thank you for challenging me. For obliging me to grow as a woman and as an observer of politics. Thank you for telling me it’s okay for me to expect more and hold you accountable, and for inviting me to see you, in all your complexity, as a person and a public servant.

Thank you for letting me see as much of who you are as I have — which cannot be easy, given the scrutiny and vitriol to which you are subjected. Thank you for modeling self-care and the drawing of boundaries: When the press criticizes you for not availing yourself of them — while you’re shaking hands and giving hugs and taking selfies and talking and listening to voters — I see how you’ve navigated a balance that allows you to be vulnerable to the people who need it. And I thank you for that, too.

Thank you for your endless campaigning as you work for every last vote, despite not being a natural campaigner. For doing this hard and less enjoyable work, which is the cost of getting the job for which you are suited.

Thank you for your voice – and your laugh, which I love so much. Thank you for your broad smile and your hilarious, utter lack of a poker face.

Thank you for your compassion, and for your wit. For making me cry and for making me laugh. For inspiring me to keep reaching — to carry on.

Thank you for finding a way to process all the petty ignominies and sustained personal attacks with which you have been obliged to contend for decades. These things should not be the cost of any woman’s success, and yet they are the stuff of every woman’s life. To face them in their relentless indignity for decades, on such a grand and visible scale, is unfathomable. Thank you for your perseverance.

Thank you in equal measure for your righteous anger: At the people who try to harm you and your family; at the people who try to harm the rest of us. There are times in the middle of another round of crass Republican politicking, when I glimpse the flicker of anger in your eyes, penetrating your stoic veneer of steely resolve; or hear the edge of anger around the contours of your reasonable tone. And it gives me the air in my lungs I need to keep fighting.

Thank you for the moments you have shown undiluted contempt, responding with mirthless laughter. For the times that you communicate disdain when a less confident or more obsequious politician might elect to indulge that infuriating, dangerous, “both sides have a point” malarkey.

Thank you for knowing there is a time to stop listening, too. To draw a line in the sand and say this is intolerable and cannot stand. To say you have heard quite enough, thank you very much.

Thank you for doing that, even despite the enormous pressure on women to be eternally indulgent and kind and deferential.

Thank you for neither succumbing to many of the foolish and demeaning expectations that are put on women, nor for running away from your womanhood. There are many who want the prize of being first, while abandoning any sense of loyalty or representation. Thank you for being a woman who is not ashamed to be one.

Thank you for making history, though you will not get sufficient credit for the colossal amount of work you did to get here — to reach this moment.

It is a moment so overwhelming, I can barely put into words its enormity. I still can’t even say the words, “first female presidential nominee of a major party,” without tears spilling from my eyes.

I am so moved by what you have accomplished, what it has taken you to get here and the obstacles you’ve overcome, that I feel like my heart may burst right out of my chest.

And yet: The historical nature of your candidacy is treated as though it’s barely remarkable. A footnote. An aside. Inevitable.

Which ought to make me furious. But the fact that you have made shattering a 227-year-old glass ceiling look inevitable is testament to how thoroughly you have changed the landscape. You have taken centuries of acrimonious exclusion, and rendered them a relic.

In the strangest way – and most expected, for anyone who has paid attention to women who make history – the fact that you are greeted as just another boring old candidate, by people who aren’t inclined to appreciate the seismic shift of your achievement, is the most pointed evidence of its profundity.

Oh her. Yeah, all she had to do was be extraordinary.

I will be appreciating this familiar irony as I sip champagne tonight, to mark the history you’ve made. And my toast will be this: Thank you, Hillary Clinton. Here’s to you.

Then I will get back to work, doing whatever I can to make sure I have the chance to toast your making history again in November.

It’s the least I can do to show my thanks.

Warmest regards,

Liss",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107240,Here We Go Again: Trey Gowdy Asks Hillary Clinton to Appear Before Benghazi Panel,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13640,Walmart Avoids Paying Billions in U.S. Taxes and Wants to Avoid Billions More,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93134,"Virulent anti-Hillary rhetoric has been pervasive in the 2016 election, the flames of rage fanned by her political opponents and media detractors. The deeply unjust and sickening attacks continue to ratchet up as she gets closer to the presidency.

From USA Today:

Political rivals called on a West Virginia lawmaker to resign Saturday after he suggested on social media that Hillary Clinton be “hung on the Mall in Washington.” Republican Michael Folk, who represents Berkeley County in West Virginia’s House of Delegates, tweeted Clinton “should be tried for treason, murder and crimes against the U.S. Constitution … then hung on the Mall in Washington, DC.”

CNN updates the story:

A West Virginia lawmaker said Saturday he regrets tweeting that Hillary Clinton should be “hung on the mall in Washington, D.C.,” as punishment for her use of a private email server as secretary of state. But Michael Folk, a member of West Virginia’s House of Delegates, said he still believes Clinton should be tried for treason.

Sadly, Folk’s despicable words are hardly unusual when it comes to Hillary. Browse social media for ten minutes and you’ll see much worse.

At a speech in New York, Donald Trump, who has been calling Hillary a “crooked” criminal, read this letter:

“Hillary Clinton, who already has the blood of so many on her hands, is now announcing that she is willing to put each and every one of our lives in harms’ way – an open door policy to criminals and terrorists to enter our country. Hillary is not concerned about you or I, she is only concerned about the power the presidency would bring to her. She needs to go to prison to pay for the crimes she has already committed against this country.”

Republicans and their media enablers have made it OK to bash Hillary in the most vicious and aggressive terms. So we shouldn’t be surprised when a Republican lawmaker takes the rhetoric one step further and calls for Hillary’s execution.

Frankly, we wouldn’t have been shocked if those words had come from Donald or one of his cronies.

UPDATE: United takes action.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
549,"I wondered when I was a child what it would take for a woman to become president. Now I am watching as Hillary gets closer than any woman ever, and I am overwhelmed by the sight of just what, exactly, it takes.

When I was in fifth grade, I had to memorize the list of US presidents. At that time, there were 40 of them. To help me remember them, I looked at a series of their portraits contained in my parents’ set of encyclopedias, as I sat cross-legged on the orange shag carpeting of our living room while a re-run of “Barney Miller” played on the telly.

To this day, I can conjure the cross stare of Millard Fillmore and the Ichabodian visage of William Henry Harrison.

There was something about all those faces, first rendered in oil and then reprinted for my perusal, that made me ask my teacher how a person became president.

Something about the way I asked made her think I was asking what I might do if I wanted to be president someday. That was not what I was asking. I am criminally shy and despise being the center of attention; a position as visible as the presidency would be my worst nightmare. But I also wasn’t really asking what it took to become president, either.

I was asking, without saying it, what it would take—was it even possible—for a woman to be president.

My teacher told me that I should study the presidents, learn their stories and see if I didn’t find common threads. Many of them, she informed me, had been lawyers. She made a joke, which I wouldn’t understand until years later, about how few of them were teachers, because it helps to be wealthy if you want to be a president.

I thanked her. And I went away, and I thought about her advice, and eventually I went back to the encyclopedias, reading about each president one by one, in the order I’d memorized their names.

I don’t recall how far I got before I gave up. The answer I was seeking wasn’t in their truncated biographies. I wanted to know, more fervently with each day, why they were all men. And my parents’ encyclopedias didn’t have the answer to that question.

I’d already learned, after asking directly why there were no female ministers in our denomination, and why there were no female baseball teams, and why there were no women here, and why girls weren’t allowed there, that asking such questions was much more likely to get me an exasperated look than a straight answer.

So I kept my question about female presidents to myself, until I finally got my answer, which came in bits and pieces, via the incessant drumbeat of sexism that forced its way into my own life, and care of the burgeoning awareness of a thing I would later learn was called feminism.

And once I understood why there had never been any female presidents (nor non-white presidents, nor queer presidents, nor…), I came back to my original question, which wasn’t masking a more basic question anymore: Just how does a person become president, if that person is a woman?

Shirley Chisholm ran for president two years before I was born. I’ve read about her remarkable run—but reading about it is not the same as living through it. Especially since women who blaze trails are often remembered much more favorably than they’re treated at the time they set fire to the path.

So it wasn’t until 2008, when Hillary Clinton first mounted a presidential bid—and one that was more viable, for a number of reasons having to do with privilege and progress, than Chisholm’s—that I got my first glimpse of just how a woman might become president. Of what it would really take.

Eight years later, I am getting a further education. My question is being answered, in simultaneously the most inspiring and disappointing ways.

What is takes is to be a woman who is extraordinary. A man with a C average and an important last name can bumble his way through life until he’s delivered to the Oval Office, accompanied by the sound of cheers and laughter. A woman must have a résumé that slays dragons.

What it takes is to be a woman with unparalleled moxie and almighty gumption. Who is willing and able to weather discreet and explosive attacks on her character, her personal life, her every word and gesture. Attacks so ceaseless and intense they would leave the average mortal cowering in the fetal position, rather than armed with a steely resolve to face more.

What it takes is to be a woman so special that there are scarcely enough superlatives to describe her: Smart, competent, kind, fierce, undeterrable, ethical, witty, wise… A woman who can meet the most unreasonable expectations, and yet still be vulnerable enough to be accessible. Human.

And what it takes, at this particular time, in this particular race for the presidency, for this particular woman named Hillary, is to be a woman who has spent her life grinding against the most sharpened edges of obstructionist misogyny, only to meet the final, pitiless indignity of facing an opponent who wields his vile chauvinism like a proud knight brandishing a battle-tested sword.

A man who wants to persistently and shamelessly use her womanhood against her, while refusing to let her acknowledge being a woman. A man whose central strategy is to try to derail a historic female presidency by trading on the centuries of gender bias that prevented a female presidency in the first place.

It takes a woman who understands what I daresay precious few men who have occupied the office she petitions to hold have understood as keenly as she does: That this is not a job for glory-seekers. It is a job in need of a person who fights, who risks, who prevails.

The job of the president is not a sinecure. It is not a trophy for vainglorious collectors. It is a serious job for a serious person who understands and respects that people’s lives depend on its being treated with gravity.

What it takes for a woman to be president is to have earned it, in a way most of her predecessors have not even been obliged to contemplate.

That is not fair, but it means we will get a president better than we deserve, given the way we have treated the woman who wants the position.

November is still a long way off. I am quite certain that there are yet more ignominies and obstacles to reveal themselves. We will not truly know what it takes for a woman to be president until we have elected one.

And then we will quickly forget what it took for her to get there, what it cost her to be first. She will be just another portrait, in a series of portraits of presidents. And she will be so much more.

(Photo: Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13576,You Can't Miss Stephen Colbert's Moving Interview With Joe Biden,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23781,"The raging controversy over Donald Trump’s candidacy has become a proxy for a larger debate about the definition of America.

After Donald responded to Khizr and Ghazala Khan’s appearance at the Democratic convention by implying that Ghazala was not allowed to speak, she wrote a beautiful piece for the Washington Post: “Donald Trump has asked why I did not speak at the Democratic convention. He said he would like to hear from me. Here is my answer to Donald Trump: Because without saying a thing, all the world, all America, felt my pain. I am a Gold Star mother. Whoever saw me felt me in their heart.”

Except, of course, for Donald. Who only saw an opportunity to attack grieving Muslim parents who were petitioning him for compassion and decency.

And then he doubled-down, as does he always, with a tweet:

I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 31, 2016

He claims to have been “viciously attacked,” without a trace of irony, by citizens of this country who merely criticized his Islamophobic policies. They have been viciously attacked. By him.

And not just by him: The Khans, like Muslims all over this country, have been repeatedly attacked by Islamophobic non-Muslims, both rhetorically and literally. Hate crimes against Muslims spike dramatically after any violent act committed by a Muslim, as all Muslims are blamed by bigots for the actions of one individual, with no regard for whether those Muslims are among, as examples, the countless Muslim healthcare providers across this country, the owners of a beloved neighborhood business, or the parents of a service member who died for this country.

This nation, as a collective, is not always a friendly place (to put it politely) to its Muslim countrypersons.

As I was thinking about this lamentable reality, and sitting inside the thought of what it means that the Khans, despite this reality, raised a son who was willing to die for this country, and took to the stage at the Democratic convention to declare their deep patriotism, I began to consider the company they were in, in that space.

They were in the company of the Mothers of the Movement – Black women who have lost children to gun violence and police brutality. Whose grief and desperation for accountability was ignored, they say, by virtually everyone in power except Hillary. Whose lives, like all Black women, have been marked, every day, by entrenched racism and misogyny.

They were in the company of Anastasia Somoza – a disabled woman whose life has been a fight for access, whose work is advocating for access for disabled people across the country. Whose life, like all disabled women, has been marked, every day, by entrenched disablism and misogyny.

They were in the company of Sarah McBride – a trans women who made history by being the first out trans person to speak at a national party convention. Whose life, like all trans women, has been marked, every day, by entrenched transphobia and misogyny.

They were in the company of Rev. William Barber – a Black man who founded North Carolina’s Moral Monday movement to help amplify the voices of people who are marginalized, and their allies. Whose life, like all Black men, has been marked, every day, by entrenched racism.

They were in the company of Hillary Clinton – a woman whose journey to the precipice of the U.S. presidency has been littered with obstacles, and whose life has been marked, every day, by entrenched misogyny. Who has been told so many times that she isn’t good enough, but just keeps showing up anyway. Who continues to petition for an opportunity to serve a country that is filled with people who hate her.

That, too, is the story of the Democratic convention. Not just its diversity, and not just its optimism, but the numbers of people who took to the stage on behalf of a hopeful, aspirational, audacious vision for the future of a country that is often not very kind to them.

People who have, truly, been viciously attacked.

People whose communities have been neglected and scapegoated and exploited and over-policed. People whose families have been torn apart by violence and failed policy. People whose identities have been used to marginalize them. People whose lives and voices have been ignored. People who have been targeted by hate crimes and home-grown terrorists. People who have been obliged by systemic oppression to survive every day.

They showed up. They showed up to say, “This is our country, too. We are not other. We are America.”

Donald has never, ever, in his entire wealthy, white, straight, cis male life, been made to feel that he is anything other than America. Until now.

Until he has had to face the inescapable evidence at the Democratic convention that America is diversity. America is optimism. America is people who are, regrettably, obliged to survive actual attacks, rhetorical or literal, and who survive with dignity, with productive anger, with resolve.

Who know that the only cure for the acrid taste oppression leaves in our mouths is to speak; to let forth a clarion call rejecting Donald Trump as an emblem of America, and to see all of us as America instead.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23731,"As I have previously observed, Donald’s first instinct after a terror attack is to do a touchdown dance, explicitly congratulating himself for being right or doing the same implicitly by wondering when (other) people will “wake up” or “learn” or “get smart,” followed by the inevitable grave musings about how things are getting worse. Condolences and concern for the victims is invariably the last thing on his mind.

After the attack in Brussels:

Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 22, 2016

After the attack in Orlando:

Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2016

After the attack in Turkey:

Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will

the world ever realize what is going on? So sad. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 28, 2016

After an attack in Baghdad:

The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2016

After the attack in San Bernardino, he manually retweeted someone saying his poll numbers go up every time there is an attack:

""@DLake66675: @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 @realDonaldTrump his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2015

Even after tragedies that aren’t terror attacks, he doesn’t bother to wait until all the facts come in before doing the same morbid jig:

Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 19, 2016

The Nice truck massacre, unfortunately, was no different—even after he was offered some sage advice to help him avoid being ghoulishly exploitative:

Dear @realDonaldTrump: When you tweet about the #BastilleDay tragedy in #France, please remember, people died and it's about them not you. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 14, 2016

Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 14, 2016

@peterdaou @realDonaldTrump And exactly no one is surprised that he failed to heed your advice. — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) July 15, 2016

As Hillary noted: Donald makes everything about him, even “the killing of people.”

Donald thrives on fear. He exploits death. And his campaign does not exist in a vacuum: It exists in a time of global darkness; in a time of division fomented by violent extremists at home and abroad. He has been used at least twice in terrorist recruitment media. While Donald did not cause global terrorism, his irresponsible and inflammatory policies and rhetoric also do not exist outside of it.

A person running for the United States presidency is given one of the most visible platforms on the planet. Donald has chosen to use that platform to respond to terrorist attacks not with measured statesmanship, but as though he’s just run a football into the end zone.

Under the auspices of “concern” that the US is not being “smart” about terror, Donald implies that he is smart; that he alone has the capability to stop global terror. Under the auspices of “concern” for people, he warns that it’s only going to get worse.

On the one hand, he feeds fear that more terror is to come. On the other, he promises to assuage that fear with his leadership. And embedded right in the middle is a sickening celebration that he’s right about how dangerous the world is, and a revolting glee that more death has both proved him right and given him another reason to claim that he is.

His gruesome tweets—and commentary at his incendiary campaign rallies—create a feedback loop of catalystic terror. A terror attack happens; he feeds the fear that more will come in order to justify his reactionary policy. His reactionary policy is used in propaganda to recruit terrorists to commit more attacks.

And ’round and ’round we go.

A U.S. presidential candidate has positioned himself as someone who takes advantage of global terror rather than projecting maturity, calm and control. The world sees that.

The world also sees that this candidate, nominated by voters, is representative of some meaningful segment of the nation.

Donald refuses to step down from his grisly messaging and vile policies. So the message we must send to the rest of the world in November is clear: He doesn’t represent our majority.

We mustn’t celebrate with him. We must only celebrate his defeat.

UPDATE (8/28/16): On August 27, Trump published an incredibly insensitive tweet after the death of Nykea Aldridge, a Black woman who was killed in a crossfire while pushing her baby in a stroller in Chicago. Aldridge was the cousin of basketball star Dwyane Wade.

Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2016

Again, Trump’s first impulse is to crow that he is “right.” His tweet was met with appropriate outrage.

(BNR extends our sincerest condolences to Aldridge’s family, friends, and community, and we take up space in solidarity with those who are pushing back against Trump’s cruel exploitation of her death.)

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107296,You'll be Cheering for This Momma & baby Bear Climbing This Mountain,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23755,"“That would be a reasonable inference.” Those six words from FBI Director James Comey contain the key to Hillary’s veracity on her emails. Simply stated: Hillary has always been honest and truthful about her emails.

FBI director's testimony: Hillary was acting reasonably when she said no emails were classified. https://t.co/0sfHFeeggR @peterdaou — Paul Begala (@PaulBegala) August 5, 2016

For decades, the national media and Hillary’s political detractors have tried their best to convince the world that she is a liar. She isn’t. She wasn’t. She never will be.

That hasn’t stopped them from hammering her incessantly about her email server, despite the fact that her Republican opponent has made lying the centerpiece of his campaign.

The singular vengeance with which Hillary’s opponents question her honesty may seem convincing to some people, but the accusations are groundless. The most prominent, accomplished and respected people in the world consistently vouch for her honesty, integrity and trustworthiness. They do so because they know who she is, beyond the grotesque caricature portrayed in the media.

For example, the most cursory application of logic and common sense demonstrates that Hillary has always been honest about her emails.

Comey during testimony on Capitol Hill: ""We have no basis to conclude she lied to the FBI."" — Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) July 7, 2016

Consider this crucial exchange between FBI Director James Comey and Rep. Matt Cartwright:

CARTWRIGHT: According to the manual, if you’re going to classify something, there has to be a header on the document? Right?

COMEY: Correct.

CARTWRIGHT: Was there a header on the three documents that we’ve discussed today that had the little c in the text someplace?

COMEY: No. There were three e-mails, the c was in the body, in the text, but there was no header on the email or in the text.

CARTWRIGHT: So if Secretary Clinton really were an expert about what’s classified and what’s not classified and we’re following the manual, the absence of a header would tell her immediately that those three documents were not classified. Am I correct in that?

COMEY: That would be a reasonable inference.

Let’s unpack that. Out of 110 emails that Comey testified contained classified information (which constituted only 0.2% of Hillary’s 55,000 emails), only three had any markings indicating the presence of classified material. And Comey conceded that those three were improperly marked.

He further testified that it would be a “reasonable inference” for Hillary to assume that those three emails were not classified.

Now let’s apply that same logic to the other emails that had no classified markings whatsoever. If it was reasonable for Hillary to assume that three “improperly marked” emails weren’t classified, then it would surely be reasonable to assume that completely unmarked emails were unclassified as well.

The implication of Comey’s six words is undeniable:

It was perfectly reasonable for Hillary to believe that she never sent or received classified information.

And that’s precisely what she’s been saying all along.

As I’ve argued previously, it’s patently obvious that Hillary told the truth based on the facts she knew at the time. 110 out of 55,000 emails contained information that was not properly marked classified; she did not know that they contained information deemed classified by other agencies. Simply put, Hillary trusted that the material she was sent — and on occasion replied to — was not classified. She stated her honest opinion when she said she didn’t send or receive classified information.

Whether or not her statements proved to be erroneous in hindsight says nothing about her knowledge and intention when she stated what she believed to be true.

The bottom line is that she trusted government officials not to send her classified emails without markings. The fact that she placed her trust in people is what’s good about her character. The fact that she refuses to throw them under the bus says even more about her integrity. And the fact that her detractors in the GOP and media are trying to distort that trust into something nefarious says something about them, not her.

UPDATE (8/5/16): Tommy Christopher fact checks the fact-checkers on this story and finds them lacking, as I do:

All of the “Big Three” fact-checkers acknowledged the substance of the exchange [with Rep. Cartwright] to some degree, but either downplayed or outright lied about it. The Washington Post‘s fact-checker, the oft-quoted Glenn Kessler, made zero mention of the exchange, instead relying on [an] earlier exchange that Comey himself later contradicted. So, the fact is that there were exactly zero emails sent or received by Hillary Clinton that were properly marked as classified. This is not some technicality, they were supposed to have big block letters at the top of every page, and they did not.

Christopher is exactly right. The fact-checkers in this case have omitted key details that support Hillary’s veracity.

UPDATE (8/16/16): Republicans are ratcheting up their desperate attempts to derail Hillary’s campaign, alleging that she committed perjury during her 2015 congressional testimony. They are flat wrong and they know it. Some of her statements were later proven to be erroneous in hindsight, but in her public statements and sworn testimony, she told the truth as she understood the facts at the time.

Here’s an analogy simple enough even for Hillary’s stubbornly unthinking GOP critics to understand:

If a vegetarian ordered and consumed a vegetable dumpling off a menu and said they did not eat meat, they would be telling the truth. If a forensic investigation by the department of health later showed that the restaurant contaminated their vegetable dumplings with meat, it doesn’t retroactively make the vegetarian a liar. They were telling the truth as far as they knew it.

Hillary has been honest all along, admitting she made a mistake in using a private email system and telling the public and Congress the facts as she understood them.

She is an honest, ethical, decent, dignified, accomplished, respected and admired leader who is being subjected to viciously disingenuous and disgusting attacks on her character. All for political gain.

That’s the game Republicans play with her. They’ve been at it for decades with the help of their media cohorts. And she’s still winning.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107297,Throw out your TV’s the disgraced “Queen of Butter” has gone digital,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107228,"Paul Ryan Wants to Kill Obamacare, and That Could Kill You",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107132,Republicans Hate Government Waste So Much They’re Throwing $$350K in the Garbage,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93095,"Vulnerable GOP senators are flailing wildly trying to keep their party leadership happy, appeal to voters, and simultaneously deal with a wildly unpopular front-runner.

Here’s how Senators Ayotte, Johnson, Portman, Kirk, Toomey, Burr, and McCain — some of the most vulnerable senators this cycle — are trying to navigate their Trump dilemma.

New Hampshire:

Kelly Ayotte dodges until interviewer “gives up.”

Ayotte has been dancing around this issue for months, telling New Hampshire Public Radio in December that she will “support the Republican nominee,” even if it’s Donald Trump, while calling his plan to temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the country “inconsistent with the First Amendment.”

More recently, when an interviewer valiantly tried to get Ayotte to weigh in on Trump and whether he is more qualified than Hillary, she thrice avoided answering, leading the exhausted interviewer to say, “alright, I give up.”

Wisconsin:

Ron Johnson says “I’m saying what I’m saying” on Trump.

Well that clears it up. Johnson had been one of the few vulnerable senators to express open support for Trump, telling CNN last week that he thinks Trump could be a boon for his re-election prospects and that he would even stump with the front-runner as “the Ronald and the Donald.”

But by Sunday Johnson had changed his tune… sort of. Telling Meet The Press host Chuck Todd that the three and a half months left until the Republican convention “is a lifetime in politics,” Johnson announced his intention to wait and see who the delegates pick, and praised the radio hosts in his state for asking tough questions of the presidential candidates — likely referring to Wisconsin Radio Host Charlie Sykes asking Trump to “remember, we’re not on a playground, we’re running for President of the United States.”

Pressed by Todd to explain how that was “not an anti-Trump sentiment,” Johnson replied “because I’m saying what I’m saying,” and added how much he supported the Romney/Ryan ticket in 2012, and that he was not going to support a Democrat.

Ohio:

Rob Portman would support Trump as the nominee unless “something crazy happens.”

Portman has said that while he has “a lot of disagreements” with Trump, he does “intend to support the Republican nominee, unless something crazy happens.”

But it’s clear the prospect of a Trump nomination makes him nervous. He’s supporting Kasich, and has said of the prospect of an open convention: “If [Trump] doesn’t have the majority going in, then I think the delegates ought to have the ability to do what the rules provide, which is during the second ballot, to be free to choose who they think the right person is.”

Illinois:

Mark Kirk thinks Trump should “shut up,” but he’ll support him if nominated.

Last July, shortly after Trump’s now-infamous bigoted comments about Mexicans, Kirk said in an interview he’d tell Trump to “shut up.” But months later, after scores of additional examples of extreme rhetoric from Trump, and just hours before chaos broke out at a postponed Donald Trump rally in Chicago, Kirk said he would support Trump’s candidacy if he turns out to be the Republican nominee.

It’s no wonder he doesn’t want to appear too close to Trump. According to former Illinois state Republican chairman Pat Brady, “If [Trump is] our nominee, the repercussions of that in this state would be devastating.”

Pennsylvania:

Pat Toomey would support Trump, but he doesn’t like to talk about it.

When asked if he would support Donald Trump, Sen. Pat Toomey (R-PA), who previously endorsed Marco Rubio, said, “I have every intention of supporting the Republican nominee.” But the Pennsylvania Republican doesn’t really go around the Keystone state boasting about it. That’s because “with Trump at the top of the general election ticket, Pennsylvania’s Senate seat is predicted to switch from Republican to Democrat.”

North Carolina:

Richard Burr has swung between praising Trump’s “tremendous job” to being “hopeful” he can support the nominee.

Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) initially rode the Trump wave, saying Trump has done a “tremendous job,” but now the North Carolina Republican is having second thoughts.

Just like most of the Republican senators running for re-election, Burr placates Trump’s base by saying he’d support whomever the GOP nominee is. But at the same time, Burr understands that jumping on the Trump bandwagon too obviously won’t do him any favors in November, particularly seeing that polls show North Carolina voters are less likely to vote for Burr if he supports Trump.

Burr has now dialed things back a bit, saying “I’ve always said I was going to support the nominee, I’m hopeful I’ll be able to support the nominee.” He’s also called Trump’s temporary ban on Muslims entering the U.S. a “huge mistake”

According to Roll Call, Burr’s campaign “is busy now identifying voters who would support the second-term senator but neither of the other two Republicans” — Trump, and controversial North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory, who recently signed an unpopular anti-LGBT rights bill into law.

Arizona:

John McCain has “concerns” about Trump, but will support him even after POW attack.

Trump has questioned whether John McCain, who was repeatedly tortured throughout the five years he spent in a North Vietnamese prison, was a war hero. He threatened the Arizona Republican after finding out that McCain agreed with Mitt Romney’s scathing attacks on Trump’s candidacy. McCain said he shares Romney’s “concerns,” and hopes voters “think long and hard” about their support. Yet, McCain, who is facing a primary challenge from his right flank, has said he’d fall in line should Trump become the GOP nominee.

That support of Trump could backfire, as McCain “has been dogged by questions from reporters about Trump.” His Democratic opponent, Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, released a “biting online ad splicing McCain’s continued expressions of support with Trump’s most controversial remarks.”

“I’m amazed that McCain has been as kind to Trump,” said Larry Sabato of the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics. “I know he has to get through his primary — he doesn’t want to upset the Trump people before the primary — but the day that’s over he had better start differentiating himself from Trump.”

McCain and a lot of other Republicans.

[Benjamin Armbruster contributed to this article.]

(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23760,"So much commentary around this election has fallen into the trap of suggesting Hillary is the best candidate only because she’s running against Donald Trump. But Hillary would be the best candidate no matter which Republican she were facing. And her wise choice of Tim Kaine as a running mate further solidifies her exceptional campaign.

Because Trump is such an unmitigated disaster – and because of the false equivalency drawn between the high unfavorables of both candidates – Hillary is often said to be winning only because he is so awful, with little regard for what a terrific campaign she is running.

The fact is this: Her general election rollout was outstanding, and her team has only continued to move forward in a similarly deliberate and disciplined fashion, placing one foot in front of the other without any notable missteps.

And lest there be any doubt the media still favor Trump, consider this: Her virtually stumble-free campaign is barely given mention. Only when they can say something negative about her do they mention her at all — which is why, as Eric Boehlert keenly observes, the endless email reporting is “a ‘scandal’ in search of a crime” — but the remarkable occasion of an unusually gaffe-free presidential campaign by a historic presidential nominee barely merits passing comment.

Hillary is running a campaign that so highly functional, competent, and effective that it would defeat anyone the Republicans had nominated. And yet there is little regard for what an extraordinary candidate she really is. Because even the most well-oiled and perfectly executed campaign is nothing if it isn’t behind a great candidate.

@StuPolitics Clinton led every Republican except Kasich (who’d never been the subject of attack ads) pic.twitter.com/6XeGrpxBla — Daily Kos Elections (@DKElections) August 11, 2016

Hillary’s life has been preparation for this very moment. She has built a career fighting for educational and housing rights, for women’s workplace rights, for healthcare access, for reproductive rights, for people – children and women and first responders and veterans and people who need jobs, childcare, food. For marginalized people who need someone in power to recognize their value, their humanity.

She was listening, and learning, and figuring out how to be a change-maker as a student. As a young attorney. As the First Lady of Arkansas. As the First Lady of the United States. As a U.S. Senator. As a presidential candidate. As Secretary of State. And still, even now, as the first female nominee of a major party in the nation’s history.

Long before she even considered that she might one day be president, she was nonetheless preparing for the role – by living a life in pursuit of being as effective an advocate for change as she could be, which eventually led her toward the presidency.

She hasn’t spent a lifetime figuring out how to be president. She’s spent a lifetime becoming one.

So when we look at the glaring disparities between her opponent, calamitously unfit by every conceivable measure, we shouldn’t judge her by his rock-bottom garbage standard, but by the extraordinary standard she has set.

Which would not merely leave Donald wanting, but every one of the candidates who competed in the Republican primary. And every sitting Republican governor, senator, representative, or any other office across the whole of the United States.

None of them, not a one, is more qualified or better prepared for the presidency than Hillary.

The Republicans ran their absolute worst option by orders of magnitude, but even if they’d run their best, that candidate, too, would pale in comparison to the Democratic nominee, in policy, personality, and preparation.

The thing is, Hillary is already a statesperson. It usually takes being a president to elevate someone to that status: Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton, and Barack Obama were not already statespeople before they held office. She’s already achieved it.

There’s probably no such thing, really, as being overqualified for arguably the most demanding job on the planet, but, if there were, Hillary would be overqualified.

As it is, she is certainly the most qualified person ever to run.

But you don’t need to take it from me. Listen to a guy who knows better than anyone what it takes to be President of the United States in today’s world:

You know, nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office. You can read about it; you can study it; but until you’ve sat at that desk, you don’t know what it’s like to manage a global crisis, or send young people to war. But Hillary’s been in the room; she’s been part of those decisions. …And no matter how daunting the odds, no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever, quits. That is the Hillary I know. That’s the Hillary I’ve come to admire. And that’s why I can say with confidence there has never been a man or a woman – not me, not Bill, nobody – more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as President of the United States of America.

Nobody.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6862,"The Illinois GOP referred to a new bill sponsored by Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) as “new leg” in a tweet that was meant to tout Kirk’s bill and attack his Democratic challenger Tammy Duckworth, who nearly lost her life serving in Iraq. On Twitter, the reaction was immediate, pointing out that Duckworth lost two limbs in combat.

The Illinois Republican Party on Monday tweeted its support for a new bill championed by Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL), saying it “proves he’s better” than his reelection challenger, Rep. Tammy Duckworth.

However, the tweet didn’t refer to the bill as, well, a “bill” or “legislation” or its abbreviation “leg.” Take a look:

While it’s unlikely that the staffer handling the Illinois GOP twitter account intentionally wrote “new leg” as a reference to Duckworth’s anatomy, a handful of Twitter users noticed the insensitivity:

@ilgop @MarkKirk ""new leg"" AYKM? When you repeat gaffes like this, people begin to notice a pattern. No excuse for this disgusting garbage. — PostSurgeOperative (@PostSurgeOp) April 11, 2016

@ilgop @MarkKirk how long is this going to stay up? lol, surprised you haven't deleted and apologized yet — Kenton (@realKentron) April 11, 2016

@ilgop @MarkKirk @tammyforIL you couldn't pick a better way to shorten 'legislation'? You all already screwed this up once. — Metadata Librarian 2 (@TheStacksCat) April 12, 2016

Despite the backlash, the tweet is still live and Kirk’s official campaign account ‘liked’ it:

This isn’t the first time the GOP has been inconsiderate in its tweeting about Duckworth. Last month, the National Republican Senatorial Committee wrote in a tweet that Duckworth — despite her service in the military and as the Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs from 2009 to 2011 — supposedly “has a sad record of not standing up for veterans.”

The NRSC received considerable backlash for the tweet and wound up deleting it.

Is this a pattern?

(AP Photo/Seth Perlman)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13658,What's NOT The Matter With Kansas - GOP being Shown the Door?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107436,Get a Good Look at This Rhino Because He’s About to be Extinct,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93130,"The Atlantic has a long tradition of insightful commentary. However, publishing a Facebook analysis on the “science behind hating Hillary’s voice” does no justice to that tradition.

The reaction from readers to this awful Facebook video is well-warranted.

There’s already been too much of of this kind of openly sexist rubbish in the 2016 election, The Atlantic shouldn’t contribute more.

My colleague Melissa McEwan explains:

Policing a woman’s tone and volume is one of the most basic forms of sexism. It isn’t even necessarily the result of conscious sexism: Reacting badly to a female voice is frequently rooted in the discordance of expectations created by exclusion. That is, when virtually all we’ve ever heard is male voices in any arena, a female voice in that space is inevitably described as shrill, simply by virtue of its juxtaposition against male voices, normalized by their ubiquity.

Melissa adds:

I guarantee you, in a culture where women’s voices were just as prominent as men’s, at every level, Hillary’s voice would not be remarkable. But in our actual culture, in which prominent female voices are much rarer than men’s, female voices often feel unfamiliar and strange.

TIME published an entire piece aptly titled: Hillary Clinton Speaks, Male Pundits Hear ‘Shouting.’

What compelled The Atlantic to add to this toxic narrative is beyond me.

@peterdaou @TheAtlantic and included a clip of Marilyn Monroe as an example of ""pleasing"" female voices. Sexist much? — Lisa Manning (@alisseytwit) August 12, 2016

my son asked me to turn it off mid-video: he said it was making him dumber. https://t.co/JmEXr6RwcY — Kate Bratton (@KathleenBratton) August 12, 2016

@alisseytwit @peterdaou @TheAtlantic And then had the audacity to claim sexism as 1 of the scientific reasons her voice is displeasing. — ((( Michelle ))) (@Tymlee) August 12, 2016

they cannot be serious with this shit. christ on a buttermilk biscuit. https://t.co/AMEYpKZJfG — Imani Gandy (@AngryBlackLady) August 12, 2016

I'm getting so tired of saying this shit is ""unbelievable"" #SexismIsReal https://t.co/mKYA5L831Z — maggiemae (@NDgradmom) August 12, 2016

[Susan Madrak contributed to this article.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13660,How Democrats can Run on Obamacare — And Win,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23756,"My young daughter inadvertently caught a snippet of a Donald Trump speech, and for days now, keeps asking: “Daddy, do they really chop people’s heads off on Christmas and do they drown them in cages? What will happen if there’s a President Trump?” She can’t unthink the images Donald put in her mind, which is why Hillary’s new ad hits home for me.

The conventions are approaching, polls are tightening, and Donald Trump is less than 4 months away from an opportunity to bring bullying, bigotry, ignorance and division to the White House. Meanwhile, our national media get giddy at any hint of trouble for Hillary, programmed as they are to undermine her candidacy.

Kevin Drum sets the scene:

Blacks, Hispanics, Muslims, foreigners of all stripes: they’re all grist for Trump’s crusade to convince white voters that they’re surrounded by rapists, murderers, terrorists, and assorted other predators who want to take their jobs away and impoverish them. It’s his whole campaign. This is loathsome.



President Obama was right: America is not nearly as divided as the media makes it seem. But the only way for Donald Trump to win is to make it seem otherwise. That’s what he’s been doing for the past year, and the media has been playing along the whole time, exaggerating existing grievances where they can and inventing them where they can’t.

In this charged and dangerous atmosphere, Hillary’s campaign releases an ad that defines the 2016 election in starker terms than anything we’ve seen to date.

Watch:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13642,Catholic Bishops Come Out in Support of Immigration Reform,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23915,Should Women Or Gays Be Excited For The GA-10? Colbert is on the Case,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93156,"Once again, the GOP-led states prove that the ones that need the most protection with these transgender bathroom laws are the transgender kids themselves…from government overreach.

Earlier this month, Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced that the federal government would challenge the so-called “transgender bathroom laws” in various states and have them declared unconstitutional and a violation of civil rights.

Instead of turning away from our neighbors, our friends, our colleagues, let us instead learn from our history and avoid repeating the mistakes of our past. Let us reflect on the obvious but often neglected lesson that state-sanctioned discrimination never looks good in hindsight. It was not so very long ago that states, including North Carolina, had signs above restrooms, water fountains and on public accommodations keeping people out based upon a distinction without a difference. We have moved beyond those dark days, but not without pain and suffering and an ongoing fight to keep moving forward. Let us write a different story this time.

Republicans know that they are on the losing side of history with this one, but it’s hard to resist a good wedge issue in an election year:

Officials from 11 U.S. states sued the Obama administration on Wednesday to overturn a directive telling schools to let transgender students use bathrooms matching their gender identity, decrying the policy as “a massive social experiment.” Ramping up the simmering battles over contentious cultural issues in America, the states, led by Texas and most with Republican governors, accused the federal government of rewriting laws by “administrative fiat.”

The “Party of Limited Government” is willing to spend how many taxpayer dollars to litigate against transgender teens to not use a bathroom or locker room of the gender by which they identify? Because a male-to-female transgender youth will be much safer using the boy’s bathroom, won’t she? Who exactly do they think will be at risk here?

For its part, the Supreme Court declined to hear a case that would overturn the precedent used to require public schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms corresponding to their gender identity earlier this month.

(Photo: AP/Toby Talbot)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13611,VIDEO: 5 Chemicals That Should Be Banned Under TSCA,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23869,Bill O'Reilly Wants You to Feel Bad for Rich People Like Bill O'Reilly,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107137,"This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things, Pope Francis",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6847,"For years, Ann Coulter has been a ubiquitous presence in the media saying the unimaginable, from asserting that 9/11 widows enjoyed their husbands’ death to calling for the fragging of a Vietnam veteran. Yet she is repeatedly given a national platform by major media networks.

Today, MSNBC announced they would no longer allow hate peddler/agent provocateur Roger Stone to appear on their network. Progress, right? Nope.

Instead, they invited Ann Coulter on Hardball to defend Donald Trump’s latest abortion stand. She changed the topic from Trump thusly:

“Women are going to need a lot more abortions if we don’t close our border with Mexico and bring in all of Latin American rape culture.”

Watch the clip:

Maybe they’re so used to her, they don’t hear it anymore. Chris Matthews didn’t even react.

Ann Coulter argued tonight on @hardball that Trump will protect women from 'Latin American rape culture' https://t.co/17pEaEUJ6p — Ben Kamisar (@bkamisar) April 5, 2016

(AP Photo/Steve Helber)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
511,"Day One of the Democratic convention was defined by a sense of optimism and hopefulness that was entirely absent at the Republican convention — but there were also a few well-deserved hits on Donald. Bernie got off the best blow of the night, in response to Donald’s typical Twitter trolling.

Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2016

BOOM.

Bernie also ended his speech with a rousing endorsement: “Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president, and I am proud to stand with her tonight!”

It capped off an evening of enthusiastic support for Hillary from a variety of diverse speakers, all of whom expressed their deep respect for her alongside their inspiring visions for America, with which they’re entrusting her.

It is a convention of people who are looking to the future, not to the past. People who are optimistic, hopeful, ready to go to work to build a better nation. People who told the country tonight: #ImWithHer.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79411,"If the talking heads are to be believed (because they’re experts, right?), 2016 voters are all voting against something. Against Trump. Against Hillary. Against the “Establishment.” No one is voting FOR anything.

Well, I don’t fall into the angry voter stereotype. And if my outside-of-the-beltway anecdotal experiences mean anything, I’m not alone by a long shot. I made a positive decision some time ago, before the ugly dynamics of this political season kicked into high gear. I’m for Hillary Rodham Clinton.

I didn’t vote for her in 2008. I didn’t vote for her husband during the primaries in 1992. And I have often voted for Democratic candidates who are somewhat left of the party’s center – Jerry Brown, Howard Dean. I live in a reliably blue state. So like the more reasonable voices in the Bernie camp, I sometimes vote for candidates who express ideas or platforms that I want my party to consider.

Why am I for Hillary this time? The reasons are broader and deeper than the reality that she is, by a long shot, the most qualified and experienced candidate with the most mature judgment. I am listening to her rather than reacting against the image (or perceived threat) of her.

At this point in my life, I understand and share her experience as a smart girl, a supportive spouse, a friend, a professional, a parent, a person who has lost parents. I see her comforting and listening to the Mothers of the Movement rather than shouting talking points from a podium. I listen to the Mayor of Flint describe how Hillary was not only the only candidate who called her, but that she followed up with action. I watched her interact with passionate young people from Black Lives Matter who disagreed with her in a way I now recognize as the mother of a teenager who may feel that I can’t always relate, whether or not it’s true.

I relate to Hillary. And I feel she relates to me.

I look at all of the slings and arrows and unrelenting venom she has endured over the course of her adult life in the public eye. No matter how much she accomplishes, no matter how much she excels vis-à-vis her peers, no matter how much her detractors are discredited, she is always demonized. She is even blamed for her husband’s indiscretions. How many of us would be able to endure this with such dignity?

Both Trump and Sanders lash out at the slightest bit of legitimate scrutiny. They, like most of us, would surely wither in the intense heat that this woman has endured and risen above for decades.

Hillary has earned my respect and my vote. She asked for it, she worked for it, and she has never insulted me or my intelligence in the process. She has listened to people like me instead of yelling at me. She doesn’t tell me what I need, she informs herself by opening her ears and her heart.

That’s why I’m FOR Hillary.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23880,I Hope You're Sitting Down: Bill O'Reilly Has a Warning You Need to Hear,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107166,"If Only He Had Been Carrying a Gun. Oh, Wait.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23867,Native Americans Are The Group Most Likely To Be Killed By Police,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93112,"Speaking to Rachel Maddow, Hillary Clinton ripped into Donald Trump’s mindless and misguided ideas on foreign policy.

This clip foreshadows a Hillary-Trump general election showdown. And it doesn’t look promising for Trump:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93108,"MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell pushes the pervasive and demonstrably false “enthusiasm gap” narrative with this insulting question: “Why do you think there is so little passion in the crowds?”

We’ve repeatedly contested the bogus talking point that Hillary’s supporters are somehow less enthusiastic about their candidate.

A recent Gallup poll found that Hillary supporters say they are more enthusiastic than Bernie supporters by a margin of 10%. In the primary contests so far, Hillary leads by more than 2.4 million votes.

Maybe someone can explain those numbers to Andrea Mitchell, who questioned the passion of Hillary’s supporters.

Watch New York City’s First Lady swat down the zombie talking point.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23882,An Actor Says No To Masculine Stereotypes,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107273,7 Reasons Why the RNC's BuzzFeed Article Wasn't BuzzFeedy Enough,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13613,"14 Years After 9/11, Racists Still Target Sikhs for Violent Revenge",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107275,Washington Post Stretching the Truth til it Snaps Once More: Cartagena Edition,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107242,When Walmart Calls for Arkansas’ ‘Religious Freedom’ Bill to be Vetoed You Know its Bad,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13597,Mexican TV Network Remixes Donald Trump Ahead of Soccer Match With the US,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93139,"Since the beginning of last year, Donald Trump has received less negative coverage than Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that he is an inveterate bigot who insults marginalized people and fundamentally lacks the temperament and experience to be president. Now a new analysis has found that Trump continued to get more positive coverage than Hillary throughout April. The reason for that? We all know.

In the Washington Post, Eric Wemple examines numbers from the research firm mediaQuant, which “indicates that for the month of April, Trump’s media coverage was 85 percent positive—a number that Paul Senatori, mediaQuant’s chief analytics officer, says has been pretty consistent throughout Trump’s nearly year-long campaign.”

By comparison: Hillary’s media coverage was only 70 percent positive. Says Senatori: “It’s amazing that Hillary Clinton has gotten more negative sentiment than Trump has gotten.”

Amazing—and simultaneously entirely typical.

There are a whole lot of explanations for this, from the fact that opinion-makers are still disproportionately white, male, and conservative, to the long history of demeaning Hillary so insistently that unsubstantiable narratives become “conventional wisdom.”

But there is perhaps no more relevant explanation than the basic reality that we live in a culture steeped in gender inequality.

Which is relevant not merely because Trump is a man and Hillary is a woman (although that, too), but because Trump subscribes—and appeals—to a very particular sort of retrograde masculinity, and because Hillary is a feminist woman who champions women.

Trump has become iconic of a breed of swaggering chauvinism on the verge of extinction, a Nietzschean superman who will usher in a new (old) world order by declaring “political correctness is dead.”

Hillary, in contrast, talks about breaking down the very barriers that have limited the opportunities of marginalized people. She explicitly speaks to the needs of women, and people of color, and the LGBT community, and disabled people, and people in poverty.

She talks about the need to expand access for people who have been kept out and kept down. And she listens. Just the very act of listening confers credibility on the voices of people to whom she’s listening—and amplifying our voices is a direct threat to existing power-brokers and gatekeepers.

Trump is the past. Hillary is the future.

And while the members of the disproportionately white, male press might fancy themselves above and separate from the gasping rage of dying patriarchs, many women will tell you that even lots of men who imagine themselves to have achieved some sort of enlightenment routinely engage in a multitude of mundane betrayals that undercut their self-proclaimed commitment to gender equality.

The truth is: Large swaths of the media are more sympathetic to Trump’s crusade than they might care to admit.

They coolly report on disaffected Trump supporters whose blue collar jobs are not as available and secure as they used to be, while the specter of social media, blogs, and new media nips at their own heels; while Black Twitter, feminist blogs, and engagement media outlets like BNR (ahem) hold them accountable in ways they’ve never previously had to navigate.

So maybe it’s not so amazing after all that a not insignificant number of members of the media are inclined to give positive coverage to Trump, despite his heinous bigotry and constitutional unfitness for the presidency. Maybe it’s not so amazing that they are disinclined to give as much positive coverage to Hillary—and frame their more abundant negative coverage of her in sexist frames that invoke disgust for women in authority.

There’s a reason, after all, that Trump was early regarded as a fun bit of entertainment by the people who were not the targets of his subjugative ire. While women and immigrants and Muslims were expressing horror at his odious and harmful rhetoric, he was being treated by the media as the best show in town. Something about what he was saying, and says still, resonated with the many of the people who report on him. Who report, uncritically, that he is an “everyman” who “tells it like it is.” Who is “authentic,” and just “says what everyone is thinking.”

While Hillary—ethical, truthful, fundamentally trustworthy—is said, by the same people, ad nauseum, to be “inauthentic” and “a liar.”

Last night, I was watching a show on cable news, hosted by an ostensibly liberal white man, who mendaciously used the outlier Fox News poll showing Trump leading nationally to launch an entire segment on what a terrible candidate Hillary is. He followed with an all-male panel discussion, which sounded like a Greatest Hits of Hillary Hatred: She’s inauthentic, unlikable, no enthusiasm for her candidacy.

I called a friend, who I suspected would be watching, because he, too, is a voracious newshound by profession. “Are you watching this?” I asked him, incredulous.

“I had to turn it off,” he replied. “They hate her so much.”

“Can you remember,” I asked, “the last time you heard any of these guys say anything positive about Hillary?”

He paused. Thought. “I can’t,” he said.

I wondered aloud if they even knew how to speak positively about her. What would they even say?

It’s as though they’ve been so entrenched in false, negative frames about her for so long, for literally decades, that they have lost all perspective on the fact that she is a wildly popular politician, all over the globe. All they have left are talking points, the most cursory scrutiny of which reveals them to be demonstrably wrong. Their job is precisely that sort of analysis, but they refuse to do it.

The truth about Hillary is given a pass, while Trump is given a pass on sexism, racism, xenophobia, queerphobia, lying, impersonation, evasion, shady business deals, exploitation of workers, poor temperament, incompetency, unpreparedness, defensiveness, unseriousness, and I’m only getting warmed up.

All ignored in favor of positive coverage of Trump, which frequently frames him as a glad-handing, back-slapping, roguish good-time-Charlie, whose cowardly prejudices are “brave truthtelling” and whose regressive machismo is “edgy.”

Meanwhile, Hillary’s extensive policy knowledge makes her an “unexciting policy wonk” and her eminent decency toward marginalized people makes her a trafficker in “identity politics.”

There are people who want to fight epic battles with me over my contention that the disparate coverage of Trump and Hillary is rooted in sexism, but I cannot state this more plainly: If you look at a presidential race in which a catastrophically unqualified buffoon with half a dozen different nasty streaks is elevated by the media as a serious and likable candidate, while an extraordinarily qualified statesperson who preaches love and kindness is dismissed as an uppity monster, and you think that has nothing to do with the respective genders of those candidates, you are part of the problem.

I shan’t waste my time fighting those battles with people who refuse to acknowledge the obvious any longer. I will instead invest my time writing positive pieces about Hillary Clinton in a bid to balance the scales—because, unlike many members of our esteemed media, I actually find plenty of positive things to say.

(Photo: Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13624,You Won't Believe Who the First 2016 Candidate Is (Because You Probably Don't Remember Him),bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13623,"42 Signs You Are a Washington Winner, Or Could Be",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
542,"On August 13 and 14, I laid out a theory of Trump’s (non)campaign, arguing that the evidence is clear: Trump Is Seeking a White Nationalist Awakening NOT the White House. Three days later, my theory has been confirmed.

The Washington Post covers Trump’s campaign shake-up:

Stephen Bannon, a former banker who runs the influential conservative outlet Breitbart News and is known for his fiercely anti-establishment politics, has been named the Trump campaign’s chief executive. Bannon has been telling Trump to run more fully as an outsider and an unabashed nationalist. Trump has listened intently to Bannon and agreed with him, believing that voters will ultimately want a presidential candidate who represents disruption more than a candidate with polished appeal, the aides said. “Buckle up,” wrote a Trump strategist in a text message Wednesday to The Washington Post.

Read that language carefully:

“Run more fully as an outsider and an unabashed nationalist .”

.” “A presidential candidate who represents disruption .”

presidential candidate who .” “Buckle up.”

And note this about the site Bannon runs:

Over the past year however, [Breitbart] has undergone a noticeable shift toward embracing ideas on the extremist fringe of the conservative right. Racist ideas. Race-baiting ideas. Anti-Muslim and anti-Immigrant ideas –– all key tenets making up an emerging racist ideology known as the “Alt-Right.” The Alt-Right is a loose set of far-right ideologies at the core of which is a belief that “white identity” is under attack through policies prioritizing multiculturalism, political correctness and social justice and must be preserved, usually through white-identified online communities and physical ethno-states.

Several days before the Trump shake-up news broke, I laid out in careful detail my argument that Trump’s campaign is not a presidential campaign at all, but an effort to make Trump a “heroic” figure leading a white nationalist awakening:

If we set aside conventional wisdom and the reflexive urge to attribute his behavior to something unintentional (foolishness, incompetence, sociopathy, psychological problems, personal inadequacies, etc.), we end up in a very different place from mainstream pundits. Donald Trump is neither stupid, nor deranged, nor off message. He is a smart, manipulative, shrewd, successful, cold and cunning man executing on a plan. The reason he is confounding the national media and political establishment is because they are assuming his plan is to run a successful presidential campaign. It is not.

Below is the case I made, re-posted in full:

AUGUST 14, 2016

I don’t know if Trump got to this point by design or accident, whether he always planned to seize a moment in history or whether he realized he couldn’t defeat Hillary so he simply aimed higher than the presidency.

Like so many other political professionals, pundits, writers and reporters, I’ve grappled mightily with the cognitive dissonance of Trump’s candidacy.

Even a 10-year-old could understand (and implement) the simple idea of a general election pivot. That Trump has ratcheted up his dangerous rhetoric rather than dial it back has confounded the national commentariat and stumped GOP leaders.

And then it hit me: Trump’s strategy makes perfect sense. Not for a presidential candidate, but for someone seeking to lead an uprising — and perhaps a violent one.

It’s a classic example of Occam’s razor: the simplest explanation, the one with the fewest assumptions, is the correct one.

Ditch all the contortions of campaign logic, the psychobabble about “narcissism,” the myriad excuses about reality TV, entertainment, etc., and listen to Trump’s words. They speak painfully and dangerously clearly. And they are being met with precisely the desired effect:

The leader of Italy’s far-right Northern League party, Matteo Salvini, hailed US presidential hopeful Donald Trump as ‘heroic.’

KKK leader Thomas Robb:

“At least he’s saying things that many, many people in this country are identifying with and are saying, “Yeah, that needs to be done.” So it isn’t Donald Trump that you guys are concerned with. You’re not afraid of Donald Trump. You’re afraid of the masses of people, the millions of people supporting Donald Trump becoming awakened to what they feel to be a country that’s being taken away from them.”

Don Black, former Klan leader who runs the white supremacist website Stormfront.org:

“There’s an insurgency among our people that has been seething for decades that have felt intimidated and demoralized. The Trump candidacy has changed all that. Whatever he says, even if he gets the facts wrong, it still resonates with people.”

And there’s more:

Richard Spencer, a leading white nationalist who coined the term “alt-right” … came to national attention last year when he pronounced Donald Trump as the candidate for white Americans in an interview with The Washington Post’s David Weigel. Almost exactly a year later, he’s even happier with the presumptive GOP nominee. “I think with Trump, you shouldn’t look at his policies. His policies aren’t important. What’s most important about Trump is the emotion. He’s awakened a sense of ‘Us’ a sense of nationalism among white people. He’s done more to awaken that nationalism than anyone in my lifetime. I love the man.”

Trump’s unwillingness to carry out the basic requirements of a presidential campaign, his refusal to build a national infrastructure, his willful ignorance of issues, his inexplicable campaign schedule — these betray not stupidity, but intentionality. He doesn’t care. And he doesn’t care because he’s not after the presidency. It’s possible he never was.

He’s after something bigger, something to match his grand ambitions:

His plan is working, not to win the White House, but to change America — and the world — by triggering a white nationalist uprising and becoming a “heroic” figurehead in what his followers see as a defining war against inexorable demographic shifts.

Virtually all the punditry about Trump’s campaign assumes he is running to win the presidency. Seen through that lens, little he’s doing makes sense. And so we get Rube Goldberg excuses and explanations, none of which really add up to a coherent view of the 2016 race. When you’re operating under a false assumption, the result of your analysis will necessarily be wrong.

But there’s a simpler, scarier, more logical rationale for Trump’s behavior: That he’s a shrewd, politically talented and ambitious man who seeks to lead a historic uprising, a white nationalist “awakening” that will transform America and the world.

Otherwise how do you explain this:

His Alex Jones-style conspiracy-mongering; his meticulously crafted words of incitement and exhortations to violence; his attacks on a federal judge; his description of President Obama as a terrorist (the “founder of ISIS”); his birtherism; his retweets of neo-Nazis; his eliminationist language toward Hillary Clinton; his fierce misogyny and indifference to sexual harassment; his feud with the Khan family; his Muslim ban; his use of anti-Semitic symbols; his embrace of torture; his capriciousness about the proliferation and use of nuclear weapons; his praise for dictators; his flirtations with Putin; his welcoming of Russian cyber-espionage; his undiluted xenophobia; his racist dog whistles (“look at my African-American”); his infamous border wall and relentless anti-Mexican bigotry; his claims of a “rigged” election; his unconcealed calls for voter intimidation; his refusal to disavow ties to white supremacists.

We can’t attribute all that to happenstance, accident, entertainment, foolishness, ignorance or inexperience. If we do, we will end up regretting it.

Trump has a purpose — it’s just not the one the “experts” think it is. And it could prove to be much more dangerous. Which means we have to work even harder to defeat and delegitimize him in November.

UPDATE: Vanity Fair confirms what I predicted days ago:

It is likely that Bannon’s political calculus here, if not Trump’s, will be less about winning an election that seems a bit out of hand and more about cementing an American nationalist movement.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79520,"Hillary Clinton has made an extraordinary journey to arrive at the place where she stands today. Along the way, she helped me understand what kind of woman she is—and what kind of woman I want to be.

One of my best and oldest friends lives in Park Ridge, Illinois, so I’ve spent a lot of time there. It is the place where Hillary Clinton grew up. Perhaps because my friend and I talk politics a lot, or perhaps because we reminisce a lot, the way two friends who forged a lifelong friendship in the fire of becoming adults together tend to do, I’ve found myself thinking about the young Hillary, who came from that place.

I think about who Hillary might have been, as a girl striving to be a good student and make her parents proud; as a girl learning about the world, and the people in it, outside the borders of her safe Chicago suburb; as a girl encountering sexism for the first time, and the second, and the third, and being overcome by the dawning realization that the rules were different for her.

That even though there were people who may have told her that women have achieved equality to men, that we can be anything we want to be, it wasn’t true.

I think about when it was that she started figuring out that there were different rules for girls and women, what her formative experiences might have been. I wonder if, like me, she ever overheard men asking her father if he was disappointed that she wasn’t a son, or was scolded by a minister for inquiring why women couldn’t be ordained.

I wonder what her earliest barriers were, before she’d even heard the word “feminism,” and when it was that she realized that they were just the first in what would be a lifetime of encountering them.

To be in a girl in a world that believes girls to be less-than is to be discouraged, over and over again. To become a woman who has achieved what Hillary has achieved, and who continues to fight for access to the most exclusive men’s club on the planet, is to be indomitable in the face of that discouragement, to confront it over and over again.

Long before I was a Hillary supporter, I was a Hillary admirer. And long before I liked Hillary, I respected her. Her years as First Lady coincided precisely with my formal introduction to feminism at university, and she was one of the first public figures who challenged me to interrogate my own beliefs about how fair the world really was to women, and what kind of woman I wanted to be.

Did I want to be the kind of woman who viewed herself as exceptional, not like those other women? Who imagined she could bootstrap her way to achieving what she wanted, magically catapulting past ancient misogyny and entrenched narratives about women? Who distanced herself from female trailblazers if they failed to live up to some arbitrary definition of perfection or talked about how being a woman matters?

It was tempting to sit in that comfortable (if decidedly futile) space. There are rewards for women who separate themselves from other women, especially feminist women. And there was the alluring comfort of not having to be honest with myself about what faced me.

It is a grim day for any marginalized person when they reckon with the reality that life is just going to be a series of barriers to overcome, and no amount of pretending you’re immune to them can change that.

At a moment when I was figuring out exactly what it was going to cost me just to live my life, First Lady Hillary Clinton was there, for me to reject her in a vain bid as self-protection, or stand by her in an opening salvo of what would be a lifelong fight to matter, most of all to myself.

I stood by her. Tentatively, at first and for a long while, and then tenaciously. Over the last 12 years, I have learned much more about Hillary, both through studying her career and also via the prism of my own experience as a woman doing public advocacy. It’s continually fascinating to me that many of the misrepresentations of Hillary are the same misrepresentations I see of myself, and other feminist writers and activists: Inauthentic, cynical, cold, narcissistic, corrupt, bought, monstrous.

The things I routinely experience as the cost of my work—the harassment, the lies, the mischaracterizations, the threats of violence—are a small sliver of what Hillary experiences on an unbearably grand scale.

I know how navigating this relentless onslaught makes me feel. And I am certain that Hillary feels the same way, sometimes. Not just because she is human, and no human is impervious to being such personal assaults—but because she has told us.

When she was famously asked at a New Hampshire campaign stop in 2008 how she manages to keep going under such enormous pressure, she said, getting choked up: “It’s not easy, and I couldn’t do it if I just didn’t, you know, passionately believe it was the right thing to do. You know, I have so many opportunities from this country; I just don’t want to see us fall backwards. This is very personal for me. It’s not just political, it’s not just public. …Some of us put ourselves out there and do this against some pretty difficult odds, and we do it, each one of us, because we care about our country.”

She faces the exhausting pressure any presidential candidate faces, and the hurtful pressure that any visible woman faces, because she cares about her country. And she does it despite the fact that, in her own words, she’s not a natural politician, and despite the fact that she is the kind of candidate who isn’t made for a fast-moving media culture and a world of sound bites.

At her debate with Bernie Sanders in New York, she stood at her podium and held her ground, refusing to make promises she could not keep, hammering away at the details and sticking to her nuanced positions—even though she is keenly aware of narratives that voters aren’t enthusiastic for her, that if she’d just relent, if she’d just match Bernie’s sweeping promises and abandon her insistence on being practical, she would get more applause.

I thought again in that moment of the girl growing up in Park Ridge, the A student who just wants to earn her place by getting things right. She was standing at that podium. And I thought of the woman, the presidential candidate who has to swim a river of muck upstream every day. She was standing at that podium, too.

And I was standing in solidarity with her, contemplating the journey she has taken and what she has been obliged to navigate along the way. This incredible person who has been told so many times that she isn’t good enough, but just keeps showing up anyway. Who continues to petition for an opportunity to serve a country that is filled with people who hate her.

There are people who say that Hillary is courageous to keep going, despite the enormity of what she faces. But courage is doing something tough you don’t have to do, and doing it anyway. Hillary does not have the luxury of that choice. To get the job where she can have unique influence to effect the change she wants to see, she has to run this gauntlet of petty debasements, character attacks, mischaracterizations, dog whistles, and unfiltered sexism. There is no choice. There is only facing it, every day.

That is not to say she lacks courage. It is only to say that what she’s doing requires more than courage. It requires a fearsome tenacity to keep going, because there is no choice to avoid the horrors that await women who reach for more, except for quitting.

I frankly wouldn’t begrudge her if she did. But she doesn’t. Cynical explanations attribute her resolve to a galactic ego, but that is not what I see when I look at Hillary. (If you want to see what pursuing the presidency because of ego looks like, take a gander at Donald Trump.)

What I see is an unfathomable fortitude, germinated in the spaces between what little girls are told their lives should be, and what little girls want their lives to be.

That is the gender gap. It can feel like an abyss. I stand in awe of a woman who exists on its precipice, in the hope that, someday, no other woman will ever risk falling in, as the cost of thriving.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107375,Feeling Down? At Least You Aren’t This Guy,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107116,Jeb Bush Says Working in Washington ‘Not Part of My DNA.’ We Investigated This Claim.,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23894,Why Do Our Police Look Like Combat Soldiers?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23849,"When the Right Wing Media Lie About Hillary Clinton, I Go After the Facts",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6828,"My political career was forged in the flame wars that followed the (s)election of George W. Bush. In 2001, I discovered a community of like-minded progressives at Democratic Underground and I never looked back. In the 15 years since I joined DU and began battling “Freepers,” I’ve lived in the bubbling, churning cauldron of online politics, from the rise of blogs to the advent of social media. Like anyone else who engages in vigorous online debate, I’ve been attacked and smeared and insulted and I’ve developed skin thick enough to brush it off and keep fighting.

As an anti-war protester (who grew up in a war zone), I battled the “101st Fighting Keyboard Brigade” and was labeled a traitor and an America hater. As an adviser to John Kerry, I fought the reprehensible swiftboaters in the online trenches and endured threats to my family from gun-toting, warmongering loudmouths.

In all my years of online advocacy, nothing has matched the unhinged attacks generated by my unabashed support for Hillary Clinton, someone I admire tremendously and for whom I’ve worked as an adviser. For the first time in my political career, I have a sense of what it must be like to be a feminist on the front lines of politics, where each day brings a new wave of venom from predominantly young men. That so many of these verbal assaults come from the left is deeply troubling.

Here’s my sincere question to a segment of Bernie Sanders supporters: Why do you have to hate Hillary to love Bernie? Why do you have to echo Karl Rove and the GOP in their misogynistic rhetoric? Why do you have to do the dirty work of the far right and tear down one of the most accomplished women in the history of American politics?

The title of this piece is purposely direct. Every time I raise the issue of sexism in 2016, every time I point out that the blind, irrational hatred of Hillary is driven by more than just support for her opponent, I get the same response: Elizabeth Warren.

Somehow, it’s OK to bash one female politician if you can name another one you like. Here’s the problem for these Hillary detractors, as articulated by FiveThirtyEight:

Clinton was one of the most liberal members during her time in the Senate. According to an analysis of roll call votes by Voteview, Clinton’s record was more liberal than 70 percent of Democrats in her final term in the Senate. She was more liberal than 85 percent of all members. Her 2008 rival in the Democratic presidential primary, Barack Obama, was nearby with a record more liberal than 82 percent of all members — he was not more liberal than Clinton.



Clinton also has a history of very liberal public statements. Clinton rates as a “hard core liberal” per the OnTheIssues.org scale. She is as liberal as Elizabeth Warren and barely more moderate than Bernie Sanders. And while Obama is also a “hard core liberal,” Clinton again was rated as more liberal than Obama.

According to the New York Times, Hillary and Bernie “voted the same way 93% of the time.”

Yes, it’s fair to assert that Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren differ on certain issues or that Bernie is further to the left than Hillary, but it’s an entirely different (and blatantly sexist) thing to claim that Hillary is the devil incarnate when in fact she’s a pragmatic progressive Democrat who has done incalculable good for women and children over her long career. As Sady Doyle puts it: “It is the tendency for people to decide, at regular intervals, that Hillary Clinton is not a mainstream Democrat who’s carved out a groundbreaking career in politics, but a blood-drenched, boner-killing, venom-dripping hellbeast who is out to destroy America.”

Suzanna Walters elaborates:

At first glance, you’d probably guess that I would proudly don a “Feel the Bern” T-shirt and make a generous donation to the democratic socialist firing up the Democratic Party. Born to leftists themselves born to leftists, I am what is known in some circles as a “red-diaper baby.” So why do I support Hillary—and in the fairly resolute manner that I do?



Yes, I’ve read most of the critiques of her, and, yes, I’m aware of her record and her complex, often vexing history. But I am no more ambivalent about her than I am about any American politician who will inevitably be found wanting in any number of crucial ways.



I want a woman president—and, no, not any woman president. Hillary is not, as her detractors would have it, Margaret Thatcher or Carly Fiorina—or Sarah Palin or Michelle Bachmann, or some other female candidate whose platform rests on antipathy to any feminist concerns. Like most in the Democratic Party, she is a centrist. In her political orientation, deep intelligence, and policy wonkishness, she is similar to Obama—and not as dissimilar to Bernie as one might imagine.

My point is this: Nothing in Hillary’s record or positions warrants the kind of wild-eyed rage directed at her in some quarters of the left and right. The rational, the logical position for a Bernie supporter is that Clinton is OK, but they like Sanders more. Not: “Hillary is pure evil and Bernie is pure good.”

I don’t have any doubt that what drives the endless Hillary-bashing on the left and right is institutional gender bias. Were Elizabeth Warren to run for president, she’d slam head-first into the same gender barrier that Hillary is trying to smash. If Warren were subjected to three decades of rightwing negative frames gleefully disseminated by the mainstream media, she’d eventually get the same reactions as Hillary.

Which brings me to another myth, namely that Hillary supporters think she should be elected simply because she’s a woman. That is utter horse manure, to be perfectly blunt. Hillary Clinton is one of the most experienced, knowledgeable, disciplined and thoughtful candidates ever to run for the U.S. presidency. She is incalculably better than her GOP rivals.

The straw man accusation that Hillary’s supporters want her to win simply because of her gender is wrongheaded and frankly, another instantiation of the gender barrier.

Quoting liberally from my friend Jessica Valenti:

On the world stage, the US ranks 72nd in women’s political participation, far worse than most industrialized countries – and with numbers similar to Saudi Arabia’s. A United Nations working group late last year called attention to this disparity in a report that found massive discrimination against women across the board, an “overall picture of women’s missing rights”.



And so it seems strange that at a time when the country has the opportunity to elect the first female president, the idea that gender might be a factor is considered shallow in some circles.



Only in a sexist society would women be told that caring about representation at the highest levels of government is wrong. Only in a sexist society would women believe it.



There has been an extraordinary amount of scorn – both from the right and from Bernie Sanders supporters – around the notion that Hillary Clinton and women planning on voting for her are playing the “gender card”. The criticism comes in part from Clinton’s unabashed embrace of women’s issues as a central part of her presidential campaign, and in part – let’s be frank – simply because Clinton is a woman.



The absurd conclusion these detractors are making is that if gender plays any role in a woman’s vote, it must be her sole litmus test. (If that were the case, you’d see throngs of feminists supporting Sarah Palin or Carly Fiorina.) As author and New York magazine contributor Rebecca Traister has written, “Somehow the admission of gender as a factor in support for her creates an opportunity to dismiss not only enthusiasm for Clinton as feminized and thus silly, but also a whole body of feminist argument that concerns itself with the underrepresentation of women in politics.”

Jessica is absolutely right, and it’s time for those on the left who contribute to the right’s anti-woman agenda to do some serious soul-searching.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93111,"There’s always some hand-wringing about bringing a Party together after a contested primary, but Democrats are in a much better place than the GOP.

Just a few months ago, assorted pundits were warning about the “divided Democratic party” and the challenges of bringing everyone together for the general election. Jeet Heer at the New Republic wrote, “In the wake of Iowa, the Democrats are still a house divided almost down the middle.”

As it turns out, not so much. We’re still having some vigorous policy debates between Bernie and Hillary voters, but the majority of Democrats are supporting Hillary:

Update on prospects for party unity in November: Clinton has received 57.1% of all Dem votes cast so far. Trump just 37.1% of GOP. — Dave Wasserman (@Redistrict) April 2, 2016

And of course, there’s this happy news for the down-ticket races:

#HillaryClinton raised $$6.1 million for the DNC and state parties during March, total for the quarter around $$15 million. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) April 4, 2016

So while Hillary is still working to close out the nomination, Democrats are clearly much better positioned to unite in the general election than Republicans. And that’s good news for our country.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107372,"The Air Force Removes “God” from Their Oath, And Pat Robertson Can’t Stand It",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6836,"Many of Hillary Clinton’s detractors harbor a not-so-secret hope that her winning campaign will be derailed by her private email server. In an interview with NBC’s Matt Lauer, Hillary was asked about Republican suggestions that their electoral problems will be solved by an indictment over her emails. Her response was simple: “The Republicans’ fondest wishes will not be fulfilled.”

Hillary’s response:

Well, Matt, I know they live in that world of fantasy and hope because they’ve got a mess on their hands on the Republican side. That is not going to happen. There is not even the remotest chance that it’s going to happen. Look, they’ve been after me, as I say, for 25 years. They have said things about me repeatedly that have been proven to be not only false but kind of ridiculous. … The Republican’s fondest wishes will not be fulfilled.

[Transcript provided at end of post for readers who cannot listen to audio.]

Hillary’s explanation about this being a fairly routine security review, which has been elevated to unusual visibility because of her involvement, is spot-on. But naturally, I love her mirthless laughter most of all, conveying the contempt that this fantasy deserves.

Yesterday, President Obama weighed in on the issue, not for the first time, reiterating that he doesn’t believe Hillary did anything wrong.

“Here’s what I know — Hillary Clinton was an outstanding secretary of state. She would never intentionally put America in any kind of jeopardy.” … Mr. Obama said he still believed that Mrs. Clinton “has not jeopardized America’s national security,” and he suggested that government agencies sometimes placed classified designations on information that was already broadly available to the public.

Looks like the President and his former Secretary of State are in agreement: The Republicans’ fondest wishes will not be fulfilled.

(AP Photo/Kevin Lamarque, Pool, File)

Transcript:

MATT LAUER: Let me share some conversations I’ve had with Republicans. If I say to somebody on the Republican side, aren’t you nervous about what’s happening with this campaign and this division and what might happen at the convention, do you know what I hear a lot? They are clinging to the hope that the way they’ll be able to deal with that is that at some point between now and the election — and they say this — that they will get to see Hillary Clinton in handcuffs.

HILLARY CLINTON: [laughs] Oh my goodness.

LAUER: That there will be some kind of political perp walk based on your private e-mail server.

CLINTON: Well, Matt, I know they live in that world of fantasy and hope because they’ve got a mess on their hands on the Republican side. That is not going to happen. There is not even the remotest chance that it’s going to happen. Look, they’ve been after me, as I say, for 25 years. They have said things about me repeatedly that have been proven to be not only false but kind of ridiculous.

LAUER: But you’re a lawyer.

CLINTON: Right.

LAUER: So how do you see this ending? Do you think the FBI and the Justice Department write you a letter and say, it was a misunderstanding. We’re sorry. Carry on.

CLINTON: We’re certainly going to carry on. I think it’s a security review. It is a security review. There are lots of those that are conducted in our government all the time. You don’t hear about most of them. You’ll hear about this one because, you know, it does involve me. So that’s why it gets so much attention. But I will tell you, sitting here in the Bronx, in this cafe, we’re moving forward. The Republican’s fondest wishes will not be fulfilled.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13599,BREAKING: Brown Family Finds Out Grand Jury Has Made Decision From Media Reports,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93136,"Aren’t you just sick of the endless Hillary hate? Aren’t you tired of people whose hearts are filled with darkness and negativity? Aren’t you soul-weary of those who have no positive vision of the future but only want to bash her and bash her and bash her some more?

Republicans and their media cohorts have been spewing venom at Hillary for decades. They never tire of it. Theirs is an endless well of dark energy, an ocean of acrimony that engulfs the national conversation.

I’m disgusted by it. I’ve been fighting it for more than a decade.

I met Hillary and began working for her in 2006. I know her to be a wonderful, empathetic, funny and brilliant person. A loyal friend. A hero to millions. A champion of women and children. A beautiful soul whose work on child health care alone is enough of an achievement for a thousand lifetimes.

Hillary hate is a sickness. The only cure is love and kindness. Here’s what that looks like:

(Photos: Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23859,"Here's What Washington, D.C. Looks Like Right Now",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
547,"A new poll by Bendixen & Amandi International for the Miami Herald, el Nuevo Herald, WLRN, and Univision 23 has found Hillary Clinton drawing support from 20% of Republican voters in Miami-Dade County in the likely presidential match-up between her and Donald Trump. That seemed significant. We asked our polling expert to find out if it is.

Not only are one-fifth of Republican voters prepared to support Hillary, but she’s taking so much support that Donald Trump now does not have majority Republican support in Miami-Dade. Only 48% of respondents indicated support for Trump, while nearly a third remain undecided.

There’s still a long way to go before the November election, but as observed by pollster Fernand Amandi, a Democrat unaffiliated with a presidential campaign: “This should be an early sign of potential concern and worry for the Trump campaign. If she gets 20 percent of Republican voters statewide, it’s going to be a very early night on Nov. 8.”

Anthony Reed of BNR’s Benchmark Politics provides a statistical analysis, comparing the support Hillary is currently getting in Miami-Dade to what President Obama drew in 2008 election, to determine whether these numbers are significant.

Comparing Hillary’s numbers (at this point) to then-candidate Barack Obama’s in 2008, she has 1% greater support from Republicans than he did on Election Day. (During Obama’s reelection, that number declined, as would be expected for a sitting Democratic president.)

Hillary’s numbers may change before the election. But it’s entirely possible, given Miami-Dade’s large Latinx population and the high percentage of undecided voters, that her support among Republican voters will improve.

Reed notes: “Twenty percent support assumes that none of the 32% of undecideds go to her, which is pretty clearly not going to happen.”

Right now, her floor in the polling is 20%. It could conceivably go up, making for a remarkable outcome in Miami-Dade and potentially the entire state of Florida. Of course, it’s still early, so Democrats should take nothing for granted.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13596,"Don’t Feel Too Smug About Trump, He’s Our Fault",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107269,Kraft Singles Are Every Bit as Sh*tty as You Thought They Were,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23917,"If You Think Cantor Sucked on Capitol Hill, Wait 'til You Hear About His Wall Street Gig",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13584,Jon Stewart: I Bet All Anyone Is Talking About in Washington is Obamacare Success,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6856,"No, it’s not an episode of Parks & Recreation: the Village of Whitesboro in central New York has voted to keep its official emblem of a white man wrestling a Native American man to the ground. To be fair, it’s an improvement on the version that existed before 1977 — which showed the white man’s hands around the Native American man’s neck.

An online campaign against the emblem pushed residents to put the issue to a vote on Monday. Out of 212 voters, an overwhelming majority of 157 voted in favor of keeping it as Oneida County’s official image.

Defenders of the emblem say that its critics just don’t understand the history behind it. Dana Nimey-Olney, the village clerk, told the Associated Press that the image actually depicts a time when relations between white settlers and the Oneida Indians were “good.”

The official history behind the seal, as found on the village’s website, is a doozy. It claims that the white man pictured is Hugh White (founder of the aptly named White’s Town), having a “friendly wrestling match” in which a “fortunate trip” allowed White to be victorious over an Oneida Indian of “rather athletic form,” which made him a “hero in the eyes of the Oneida Indians.”

I’ve never accidentally tripped into choking someone, but that’s beside the point. The tale also comes complete with dialogue: the defeated Oneida Indian allegedly said, “You good fellow too much,” to White after the match.

Native Americans have been the victims of “friendly” encounters with white settlers since they first arrived from Europe, and in the retelling of these encounters, the Natives are never painted as anything but ignorant.

Recall the popular myth that the Native Americans traded Manhattan to the Dutch for $24 worth of beads. This price would translate to somewhere between $10,000 or $15,000 today, but either way, it’s inaccurate. The trade was for 60 Dutch guilders’ worth of trade goods. Furthermore, this trade was made with the Canarsee Indians, and not the Natives who actually inhabited the area, the Lenni Lenape. They had to be paid later.

In other words, it was actually the colonists who got hoodwinked, and the Dutch paid for Manhattan twice.

Unfortunately, offensive depictions of Native Americans are still prevalent in the modern day. Take, for example, the massive undertaking of the #NotYourMascot campaign in which Native people are speaking up against the usage of slurs like “redskin” for team names.

Have you ever seen the pain & sadness on our kids faces when they are called your #redskins name? #NotYourMascot pic.twitter.com/QZAQKCoxz9 — mags (@Creekleo) January 10, 2016

The systemic oppression of Native people is not a forgotten passage in our history books. It is the present. It is alive. It manifests in many ways, be it endemic poverty, police brutality or the ever-shrinking lands belonging to tribal nations.

Tackling that oppression is worth more than a silly village emblem.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mR-tbOxlhvE",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23850,How Having a Miscarriage Could Put You Behind Bars,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79419,"Bloomberg reports that Bernie Sanders told Barbara Boxer he was “distressed” about threats from his supporters against Nevada’s Democratic Party State Chair.

Bloomberg’s Sahil Kapur breaks news with this report:

Sanders has reached out to multiple Senate colleagues in an attempt to assuage them. Among them is Senator Barbara Boxer of California, whose keynote speech at the Nevada state Democratic convention last weekend was disrupted by rowdy Sanders supporters in a situation she described as frightening and out of control.

Bernie is not happy about what happened:

Boxer said she conveyed her concerns to Sanders in “a really nice talk” with him Tuesday. “I told him how bad it was in Nevada. He said he was distressed about it, and he expressed chagrin about it. I told him ‘Bernie, you need to get a hold of it,’ and he said he would.” “He said, ‘I can’t believe my people would do this,'” said Boxer, who is stepping down from the Senate in January. “He got the point.”

Here’s what I wrote two weeks ago about Democratic unity:

I’ve worked on two vigorously contested Democratic presidential campaigns and I’ve seen rancor and animosity morph into solidarity and unity. It will happen in 2016. Hillary will be the Democratic nominee. Bernie will support her. They will appear together on stage in a show of unity. President Obama will do the same. So will Elizabeth Warren. And Donald Trump will realize what he’s up against.

Let’s keep believing in that vision.

(AP Photo/Matt Rourke)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93181,"On April 11, 2015, the Guardian wondered if Hillary Clinton could “bridge her enthusiasm gap.” In November, 2015, the New York Times published a column titled “Lack of Enthusiasm From Supporters May Undermine Clinton’s Lead.” These and countless other similar pieces are part of an untold story: The profound strategic oversight by Hillary’s detractors, who have failed to acknowledge or understand the unshakable devotion of Hillary’s voters.

There is perhaps no more accepted (and wrongheaded) piece of conventional wisdom in the 2016 election than Hillary’s so-called “enthusiasm gap.”

As far back as last August, Chris Weigant took to the Huffington Post to address the myth:

Hillary’s campaign, to read the headlines, is in such a sorry state that it’s a wonder she hasn’t just hung up her hat and gone home. If you just woke up from a coma and read only the past week’s headlines, you’d be wondering when Clinton will be scheduling her concession speech, as she prepares to exit the race. That this is patent nonsense seems to have escaped everyone.

That this deeply-entrenched talking point has taken absolute hold of the commentariat is incontrovertible. How many times have we heard that Hillary’s supporters aren’t excited by her, that she “appeals to the head and not the heart?” How many times has Bernie claimed the mantle of momentum and marginalized her supporters? (He did it again today.) How many awe-struck media reports have marveled at Bernie’s and Donald’s rallies while lamenting the “passionless” and invisible Hillary supporters?

The utter and complete dismissal of 13 million Americans is a travesty of historic proportions, but this article is about something different. It’s about how the jaw-droppingly ludicrous and demonstrably false “enthusiasm gap” narrative is a grave error by Hillary’s political and media opponents.

If your operating strategic assumption fails to account for your opponent’s greatest strength, you will most likely lose to them.

In Sun Tzu’s words:

If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.

Hillary’s indomitability is intrinsic, yes; she is a highly disciplined human being with an unparalleled ability to withstand assaults on her character. But her power also lies outside of her, with the millions of loyal supporters whose resolve and dedication matches hers.

As someone who has been a public conduit between Hillary and her supporters for a decade, it’s not a mystery to me that Hillary is winning in the face of a brutal onslaught from Bernie, Donald and the national media. As her digital strategist, I built long-standing relationships with thousands of her most devoted advocates. As the CEO of this publication, I’ve helped build a channel of communication that can reach a quarter million people with one post.

The grassroots energy for Hillary is an unstoppable force that shows up primarily in the voting booth, not in polls — and certainly not in media coverage.

When I hear from the oh-so-brilliant pundits that Hillary is hated, disliked, dull, I smile quietly, knowing the truth.

I hope Hillary’s rivals continue to misunderstand the dynamic between her and her supporters. I hope they don’t see the pride, joy, courage, and enthusiasm I see when I look in these eyes… because the more they ignore it, the more likely Hillary will win.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23873,8 Best Hillary Clinton Quotes You'll Want to Share,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107187,Rep. Bill Cassidy is Plagued by His Obsession of Blaming Obamacare for Everything,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107218,Why Your CEO Has Nothing in Common With You,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93140,"The irony is heavy: Congressional Republicans refuse to fund a bill to fight the Zika virus without tying it to a repeal of Obamacare. Proving that Republicans place partisanship above principle.

How exactly can these Republicans can call themselves “pro-life” when treating life-and-death issues so callously is beyond my understanding:

Senate Republicans were only willing to cough up a little more than half of what public health agencies say is necessary to fight Zika. The third proposal would have also offered $$1.1 billion, but pay for it with money from the Affordable Care Act’s Prevention and Public Health Fund, making some people sicker to make other people well. That failed cloture as well, but received 52 votes, more than the president’s full funding request.

Great. The House and Senate bills are expected to take several months to reconcile before any funding could actually be allocated. And I’m sure that Zika-infected mosquitoes will be considerate enough to not propagate or bite anyone during these summer months while they figure out yet another way to hit at Obamacare.

Important note about Obamacare: This week it was announced that, thanks to ACA, the percentage of insured Americans has risen to 90%, a new record. That’s a ‘win’ for President Obama that the GOP just can’t have, so naturally, holding Zika funding hostage to the repeal of Obamacare will have the double effect of making sure even more Americans get ill from potentially fatal diseases.

The Party of Life, indeed.

(AP Photo/file)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23732,"It is breathtakingly insolent that Donald Trump has christened Hillary Clinton, his dignified and ethical opponent, with the sobriquet “Crooked Hillary,” given that he is a shameless thief.

On the opening night of the Republican Convention, Melania Trump gave an address that clearly plagiarized Michelle Obama’s “One Nation” speech. Irrespective of whether it was written by her with a little help, as she claimed, or penned by a speechwriter, it should have been thoroughly vetted by her husband’s campaign. The buck stops with Donald.

When he came onstage to introduce her, Donald made a dramatic entrance set to Queen’s “We Are the Champions,” despite the fact that the band has repeatedly asked him to stop using their music.

Donald is the nominee of a party whose platform is rife with bigotry. He has eagerly embodied and embraced that bigotry, displaying it like a badge of honor. So it’s hardly shocking that day one of the Republican convention featured the unabashed theft of the intellectual property of a Black woman and a queer man.

This is, of course, only the beginning of Donald’s illustrious career of thieving.

His Trump Institute plagiarized materials.

Donald himself plagiarized his former primary opponent Dr. Ben Carson earlier in this very campaign.

He spent decades stealing people’s labor, refusing to pay them for their work.

He has stolen people’s homes from them.

He has stolen people’s money via the giant fraud that was Trump University.

He has stolen from vendors by wriggling out of compensating them in full.

Just look at what he did to Michael Diehl:

This is a man who has zero compunction about stealing. He is an unrepentant thief.

And he is a sinister projectioneer who incessantly asserts that “other people” are stealing—stealing jobs, stealing away rights, stealing people’s safety and futures.

His blameful bluster is nothing but a cynical misdirection from his own lifetime of thievery. He wants to own everything, except responsibility for the wreckage created by his exploitation and larceny.

It is not “those other people” who have burgled away struggling people’s security and prospects, but him and others like him who have gotten ahead by taking whatever they please.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23741,"Texas is the perfect example of why we should support Democrats in every single election, big or small.

As you read this, Texas Latinos are mobilizing to stop their state’s selection of a textbook called “Mexican-American Heritage” for the state’s new Mexican-American studies classes. “It is one of the most racist textbooks I’ve ever had the displeasure of reading,” activist Tony Díaz told NBC News.

If you’re at all familiar with the history of the Texas Board of Education, this is not a shock. But if you don’t live in Texas, why should you care? Because the extraordinarily conservative Texas board, which has become a bastion of fundamentalist extremists of both the religious and political types, gets to select which books textbook publishers will actually print. The reason? Because Texas is so large, and buys millions of textbooks, the publishers limit most press runs to the ones they choose. It’s a little more complicated than that, but that’s the gist.

Religious extremists have targeted Texas textbooks since the 1960s, often successfully. That’s because the 15 districts don’t conform to any familiar boundaries, and the elections take place in off years, where turnout is even lower than usual. So because they’re the only ones who show up in the voting booth, a relatively small group of Republican primary voters have tremendous political clout that affects the entire country.

The conservative majority of Texas board members has always devoted their energies to purging “anti-American, anti-Christian” content. Some of their accomplishments:

In 1995, the Board got unfavorable national attention after questioning whether environmental science texts taught children to be more loyal to the planet than their country, so the Texas state legislature passed a bill restricting the board’s oversight to “factual errors.” But to fundamentalists, anything that contradicts their worldview is a factual errors.

In 2009, conservatives on the Board backed off on demanding alternate views of evolution for their state standards after outraged parents pointed out (rightly) that this would affect the ability of their children to get into most colleges. (Chairman Don McLeroy famously said, “Evolution is hooey!”) But that might change this year.

After the board’s 2010 social sciences recommendations, publishers adjusted textbooks to point out that sure, slavery was bad — but it had its good points, too! They weren’t really slaves, they were more like contract workers. The Civil War didn’t have a thing to do with slavery, it was over states’ rights. And they don’t mention what color the victims of the KKK were.

These are the kind of things that happen when Republicans are in charge. They don’t actually want to make progress, they just want to play to the most extreme part of their base.

Democratic majorities, on the other hand, mean a better quality of life, a better future for your kids. The Texas Board of Education is just one more example of what we get when Republicans are left in charge of anything.

(Creative Commons/Kiran Foster)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23898,This Legislator Wants to Make Attending Church Mandatory,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
96258,"In 2016, the term “establishment” has come to reflect an insinuation about Hillary Clinton’s character, a way to unfairly impugn her integrity. Sadly, the Sanders campaign has pushed that theme repeatedly, forcing the unspoken character smear into the public consciousness.

Tonight, pressed by Chris Hayes to define the “establishment,” Tad Devine, Bernie’s top adviser, eventually gives in:

HAYES: Isn’t it the case that the median Democratic voter has a positive feeling about the Democratic Party and particularly the person who sits atop the establishment, which is the most powerful person in the free world, Barack Obama? <br/ > DEVINE: Sure, and listen Bernie Sanders has been part of that as a member of the caucus of the United States House and Senate for 25 years.

Devine then adds that he asked Bernie the same question and Bernie said he was not part of the establishment.

That discrepancy is telling and perhaps the Sanders campaign will now stop their “artful smear” of Hillary. Not to mention lumping groups like Planned Parenthood into the “establishment.”

We welcome a vigorous debate on the issues, and we admire what Bernie Sanders brings to the 2016 campaign, but we reject innuendo and insinuations targeting Hillary Clinton’s integrity.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23876,"Gay Rights or Civil Rights, the Struggle is American",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23762,"The New York Times regularly provides a platform for Maureen Dowd to publish vindictive, hateful, contemptuous anti-Hillary columns. On July 10, in yet another hideous Hillary-bashing tirade, Dowd crossed the line, belittling President Obama by derisively calling him “Barry” and triggering a massive backlash for echoing language used by his racist critics. Now she’s back, comparing Hillary to Dick Cheney.

Maureen Dowd uses her NY Times perch to do the GOP’s dirty work, spouting false and filthy anti-Hillary talking points in the futile hope of tearing down the woman she envies with all-consuming intensity.

I won’t grace her loathsome Hillary hatred with a link, but here’s the line in question:

As Republican strategist Steve Schmidt noted on MSNBC, “the candidate in the race most like George W. Bush and Dick Cheney from a foreign policy perspective is in fact Hillary Clinton, not the Republican nominee.” And that’s how Republicans prefer their crazy — not like Trump, but like Cheney.

In July, I created #PresidentObamaNotBarry, a #1 Facebook trend and Twitter hashtag that shed light on the heinousness of Dowd’s work. Her reference to “Barry” instead of President Obama generated well-deserved criticism for mirroring the far right’s use of the president’s childhood name as a demeaning and disrespectful racial dog-whistle.

This time around I’ll just repeat what I said in July, that the soul-gutting bitterness of Dowd and other ‘Stop Hillary’ fanatics will only get worse in the months to come, as Hillary’s supporters get closer to finally vanquishing them in the voting booth.

And as I predicted correctly: “We can expect more putrid Hillary-bashing columns from Dowd, suffused with racially-charged jabs at President Obama for helping Hillary become America’s first woman president.”

The entire spectacle is utterly disgraceful.

The Times should know better.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107139,"Here Are Clinton, Sanders and O'Malley On TPP And On Guns",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13630,Dad Singing to Dying Newborn Goes Viral. Infant Mortality Facts... Not So Much,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79416,"In the midst of unceasing attacks on Hillary’s integrity, here’s a much-needed reality check: No one has ever proved intentional wrongdoing on Hillary’s part. None. Zero. Ever.

The astronomical volume of verbal abuse heaped on Hillary tends to obscure a simple, rock-solid fact: She is a highly-respected, trusted, ethical, and honest person.

Her detractors cannot point to a single instance in Hillary’s career as a public servant where she was found to have engaged in purposeful wrongdoing. Not one. Even after repeated investigations. Even with an army of opposition researchers digging into every nook and cranny of her public and private life.

All of the character attacks are based on conjecture, insinuation, innuendo, smears, lies and guilt-by-association.

Hillary’s well-organized opponents have the benefit of intensity — she has the benefit of integrity. In the end, her integrity wins out. It always has. It always will.

Her State Department emails are a quintessential example.

If you get past the media filter, past the GOP talking points, past the Trumpian vilification, you’ll see that Hillary has been honest about her emails from the very beginning. (If you have any doubts about her veracity, read this detailed analysis of the email issue and the spurious accusations by her critics.)

As I’ve argued for the duration of this election cycle, there is a very good reason the most prominent, accomplished and respected people in the world vouch for her honesty, integrity and trustworthiness. They do so because they know who she is, beyond the grotesque caricature portrayed in the media.

In January, I wrote what has become the most shared article about Hillary of the 2016 election: Hillary Clinton Is One of the Most Ethical (and Most Lied About) Political Leaders in America. With more than half a million shares (and counting), the piece challenges conventional wisdom with a simple premise:

If the headline of this piece blows some minds, you can thank three decades of relentless lies and smears by the conservative attack machine and its mainstream media enablers, who have labored to create an aura of corruption around Hillary Clinton. Hillary’s detractors on the right, left and center reel off a laundry list of unsupported accusations with an air of absolute authority, as though it is simply a given that she is a terrible, horrible, no-good human being. And that is precisely the intention: Taint her through innuendo and guilt-by-association, throw enough dirt at her that voters develop an instant negative association with her name. Accuse, accuse, accuse until the accusation becomes the reality, and may the truth be damned.

As we head into the home stretch of the race for the White House, it’s important to remain focused on facts and reality, not dirty tricks, not distorted Beltway punditry, not faulty conventional wisdom, and not lies and slander from Trump and his cohorts.

Hillary’s ethics and integrity are unassailable. That’s how she has survived the most intrusive, invasive, aggressive and unending vetting process in political history.

And that’s why she’s winning.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93081,"Sen. Mark Kirk’s (R-IL) campaign recently denied paying people to protest his opponent Rep. Tammy Duckworth at a campaign event last month. But a new Kirk campaign FEC filing indicates that he paid an “urban outreach” consultant who was among the protesters on the same day of the event.

Last month, BNR reported that a protest set up outside a Tammy Duckworth campaign event in Chicago was apparently staged. Some demonstrators said they expected to be paid by the “man who sponsored” the event, some were reportedly recognized as residents of a local homeless shelter, and others were videotaped being fed by a Kirk campaign staffer.

At the time, Kirk campaign manager Kevin Artl said that the campaign “didn’t organize the protesters or pay them.” Artl also said that the staffer at the event, Matthew Custardo, was the only campaign official at the event and there simply as a tracker – even though the Kirk campaign’s regular tracker was also in attendance.

But BNR has learned that according to Kirk’s most recent FEC report, the campaign did pay one of the people standing among the protestors that day. Jeffrey Coleman – who had previously aided Kirk with “urban outreach” – is listed on the FEC filing as having received $$1,800 from Kirk’s campaign on March 28 for “field consulting.”

Most of the demonstrators refused to speak with reporters that day (one actually wondered whether Duckworth was a Republican or Democrat) but the Chicago Sun Times reported that Coleman “was one of the few people standing among the protesters who was willing to talk with a reporter.”

BNR asked the Kirk campaign whether Coleman had an official role in the campaign that day, whether he was paid to organize the protest, and whether any of the protesters were paid by Coleman or the Kirk campaign. BNR has not yet received a response to these inquiries.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23770,"Encouraging numbers from Pew, showing that Democrats are uniting at a faster pace than they did in 2008. And Bernie’s imminent endorsement of Hillary will accelerate things further.

The small minority of self-described Bernie advocates who continue to attack Hillary and her supporters are increasingly being left behind by events.

Pew: Sanders supporters have moved to Clinton (85% support) faster than Clinton ones did to Obama (69% support) at same time. #DemPlatform — Amy Fried (@ASFried) July 9, 2016

The vast majority of Bernie’s voters are principled Democrats, progressives and Dem-leaning Independents who understand that Hillary is the best candidate to represent their values and interests.

In the coming weeks, Bernie will join them and become part of Hillary’s march to history.

Not a day too soon.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6849,"We’ve written about the role of men in the virulent personal attacks against Hillary in 2016:

We are witnessing an uprising of straight white males, a revolt from the core of the patriarchy. And their singular target is the woman who is inching closer to the presidency than any other woman in history. Between Trump’s torture-loving armies and Bernie’s brigades of misogynistic trolls, the 2016 electorate feels more like a boiling, churning mob than a political movement, a rage-a-thon more than a revolution.

But perhaps the revolution is not the one everyone is talking about. Perhaps the real revolution is this:

The Quinnipiac University survey shows Clinton with 59 percent support in the Sunshine State, followed by Bernie Sanders, her sole remaining rival, with 33 percent support. Clinton, who is vying to become the first female president, makes strong inroads among women in the state, carrying the demographic by a 69-34 percent margin.

Those are astonishing numbers. And it’s not just Florida:

In Massachusetts, Clinton leads by 21 points among female voters — with a 41-point margin among women over the age of 50.

Quietly, steadily, women are carrying Hillary to victory.

2016 is shaping up to be a revolution 227 years in the making.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23866,Stop the Presses: I Agree With the Koch Brothers About Something,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107439,Sincere Discussion On Mental Health Postponed Until Day Without Mass Shooting,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23878,Commenter Question: Why Should Government Be Involved in Marriage?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107272,"Wealthy Senate Issues an ""F%^ck You"" on Minimum Wage",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13655,WATCH: Orange is the New Black Star Talks About Her Deported Parents,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79399,"Hillary has released a full, professional medical assessment detailing that she “is in excellent physical condition and fit to serve as President of the United States.” Meanwhile, Trump has released a laughable letter with less medical detail than absurd hyperbole. Which did not stop the New York Times’ Patrick Healy from drawing a false equivalence between their disclosures.

Patrick Healy is one of the worst repeat offenders in promulgating anti-Hillary narratives under the guise of “objective” journalism. He has once again outdone himself.

The dishonest headline reads: “Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, Ages 68 and 70, Share Few Health Details.” And there are eight paragraphs before we get to this crucial distinction:

Mrs. Clinton issued a significantly more detailed two-page letter from her physician in July 2015 that included information about a concussion Mrs. Clinton suffered in 2012, which left her with a blood clot in her head and double vision. Her doctor, Lisa Bardack of Mount Kisco, N.Y., said those symptoms were resolved within two months.

Included information about her only serious health issue. That’s more than an aside. It’s what voters need to know.

By comparison, writes Healy, “John McCain allowed some reporters to review more than 1,100 pages of his medical records.” Well, not for nothing, but most people don’t even have 1,100 pages of medical records. McCain’s medical history, however, includes “surviving a bone-crushing ejection from his Navy jet, torture during 5½ years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, [and] major surgery to remove a dangerous skin cancer from his face.”

He has a much more extensive medical history than Hillary has, so naturally his disclosures would also be more extensive.

So Healy’s piece is frankly dishonest. It draws comparisons – between the quality of Hillary’s and Trump’s disclosures; and between the extent of disclosures from a person who has been treated for catastrophic injury and illness and from people who haven’t – that are simply unjustifiable.

And then there is this: Hillary’s medical report from her personal physician was considered sufficient upon its release — including by the New York Times, who published the letter and whose piece covering the disclosure noted only that Hillary’s height and weight were atypically not included. That was their singular criticism.

It was only, more than a year later, when Trump and his surrogates started mainstreaming a right-wing conspiracy theory about Hillary’s health that the New York Times decided to write a piece questioning its thoroughness.

Healy and the Times had more than a year to raise their concerns about Hillary’s medical disclosures being insufficiently comprehensive. The only difference is that now Trump is engaging in a profoundly ableist and ageist campaign to raise questions about her health, because he can’t defeat her on the issues. They are doing his bidding – and referencing that his disclosure is wholly insufficient doesn’t mitigate that, especially when hers are conflated with his.

This is a huge gift to Trump, which not only legitimizes his penchant for right-wing extremism, but also confers credibility on bigoted attacks that have no place in our public discourse.

Once more, I will regretfully note: #HillaryCoverageIsCrap.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107369,These New Bullets Can Kill You on Impact Regardless of Where it Hits,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107222,Why Democrats Should Be Delighted With Last Night's Debate,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107366,John Oliver: If You Grow Up Underneath Drones It’s Going to Affect the Way You See The World,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6845,"The Supreme Court announced today they will hear United States v. Texas early next week and are expected to hand down a ruling in June. The short version: The Obama administration has been seeking to vindicate his 2014 executive action that, in the face of congressional refusal to address comprehensive immigration reform, deferred deportation for millions of undocumented immigrants. The timely hearing is seen as a federal government victory.

But there’s an unexpected development. The court asked the federal government and the 26 states suing it to address whether the executive actions on immigration violate the Constitution’s “take care” clause. Attorneys for both sides will have to argue whether Obama’s decision is an abdication of his duties as chief executive.

Now we have a potential constitutional showdown.

According to Politico, if the court does rule in Obama’s favor, his administration gets only seven months to roll out his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program and a new initiative called Deferred Action for Parents of Americans. But many undocumented immigrants will delay applying until they get some sense of which party is likely to win the White House.

Most of the major Republican candidates have pledged to recind Obama’s executive action. This will encourage high turnout among immigrant communities on behalf of the Democrats.

The lawsuit the justices agreed to hear was brought by Texas and 25 other states.

According to Politico, if the Supreme Court holds Obama did not have authority for his more expansive moves in 2014, the administration would likely have to shut down the earlier Dreamers program, which has granted quasi-legal status and work permits to about 788,000 people.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93158,"One side is working towards breaking down barriers. The other side will do anything to keep those barriers up.

I find it really upsetting when I see memes or comments on social media to the effect that “both parties are the same” and that party loyalty is an outdated construct from a bygone era. Maybe these cynical naysayers aren’t seeing what I see.

There is one party that continues to fight for marginalized Americans, and it’s not the Republicans:

An energy and water spending bill failed on the House floor Thursday after a Democratic amendment to ensure protections for the LGBT community was included in the legislation, a continuation of a fight that could endanger the rest of the appropriations process this session.

Using an “open process” procedure demanded by the Republicans in Congress to enable them to add unrelated amendments and poison pills into Democratic legislation, the Democrats in the House inserted an amendment that would protect the LGBT community from discrimination into an energy and water bill.

It’s the same tactic used last week on another appropriations bill that prompted seven Republican congresspeople to switch their votes so that the bill failed by one vote.

In fact, it’s likely that ALL appropriations bills will be similarly threatened, because there’s really no way for the Democratic Party to ensure that discrimination, bigotry and divisiveness are not codified by the Republican majority. It’s not a “religious liberty” argument, no matter how Republicans try to spin it. It’s about disenfranchising the Other. It’s about the politics of intolerance and exclusion.

As we’ve seen for the last eight years, Republican obstructionism is rooted in making sure that no marginalized person feels enfranchised.

It’s a sad statement on the state of civil rights that the Democratic Party has to slide amendments into spending bills to protect the LGBT community from discrimination. It’s even sadder that Republican obstructionism has made that the only tool Democrats can use. The “open process” was demanded by the Republicans, yet they cry foul when the Democrats use it themselves.

But go ahead, tell me that both parties are the problem.

(Photo: AP/J. Scott Applewhite)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13639,This Is What Walmart’s Version of Charity Looks Like,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23776,"Indiana Governor Mike Pence is Donald’s pick for VP, so we figured we’d let you know the story of his egregious abuse of power at the expense of Hoosier kids.

Following two Republican governorships–privatization champion Mitch Daniels and his successor and current governor Mike Pence, aided by the Republican-controlled Indiana legislature–my home state of Indiana has lots of problems.

Among them is the sorry state of the public school system, which has suffered from budget cuts, privatization efforts which have predictably led to charter schools turning away students from marginalized populations, qualified teacher shortages, and attempts to address that shortage with shortcut teacher certifications.

Glenda Ritz, a Democrat, was elected in 2012 to be Indiana’s Superintendent of Public Instruction. She was a huge underdog–but defeated the incumbent because a majority of Hoosiers, both progressive and conservative, supported her willingness to challenge Republican proposals that would destroy public education in Indiana.

Ritz was the first Democrat to serve as Superintendent in 40 years.

Governor Mike Pence was elected during the same election. One of his first acts as governor was to remove Ritz from the union-centered Educational Employment Relations Board. The Republican-controlled House Education Committee then proposed a bill to “strip the superintendent’s position as chair of the State Board of Education. …The bill would allow Republican Gov. Mike Pence’s 10 appointees to the 11-member board to elect their own chair.”

In other words, as soon as a Democrat was elected to an influential state position (with 53% of the vote, higher than Pence received), the Republican governor and legislature set to rendering her office utterly without power and empowering themselves to oust her and prevent the reforms she was elected to champion.

The Republicans claimed their power grab, with Pence leading the charge, was merely intended to “clarify control of education policy.”

Which is quite an extraordinary euphemism for “seize unilateral control of education policy, in direct contravention of the will of the voters.”

This is how Pence does business. The much-derided “religious freedom” bill Pence signed into law–in a private ceremony, shut away from any criticism or dissent–was enacted despite the fact there was already a state law restricting same-sex marriage and in flagrant disregard for the will of the people, a majority of whom did not support the proposed legislation and actually wanted the existing ban repealed.

At the time Pence signed the anti-LGBTx law, only 28 percent of Hoosiers believed there should be no legal recognition or rights accorded to same-sex couples in Indiana. He was nonetheless content to do the bidding of less than one-third of the entire state, because meaningful democracy is of no interest to him.

As you would expect, Pence–who has bragged “I was Tea Party before it was cool”–holds odious positions on an entire raft of issues: He recently signed “a sweeping new anti-abortion law that combines some of the harshest attacks on reproductive rights into one piece of legislation.” He tried to block Syrian refugees from settling in Indiana. He opposed campaign finance reform as “unconstitutional” and Medicare Part D as an “unfunded entitlement program.” He’s anti-union, and naturally gets an A-rating from the NRA.

His positions are both contemptible and extreme, and his posture mixes the self-aggrandizing swagger of Donald Trump with the sanctimonious moralizing of Ted Cruz (whom he endorsed). In 2003, he responded to then-President George W. Bush’s proposal to send $$15 billion to Africa to fight the AIDS epidemic thus: “The timeless values of abstinence and marital faithfulness before condom distribution are the cure for what ails the families of Africa. It is important that we not just send them money, but we must send them values that work.”

Under Pence’s “values,” Indiana has become a state in which the small town of Austin, with a population of 4,200, now has a higher rate of HIV than “any country in sub-Saharan Africa.”

Indiana is a place I love. Hoosiers are my heart, and have remained my heart, even when I lived abroad. Pence has turned Indiana into a place where 1 out of 6 Hoosiers (over a million people) now have to rely on food pantries and/or meal service programs to get enough to eat.

It’s easy to see why Donald likes Pence. But let me be perfectly clear: Mike Pence has not been good for Indiana, and would not be good for the nation.

[Susan Madrak contributed to this article.]

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93157,"While Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin ultimately decided not to make her state Ground Zero for the fight to overturn Roe v. Wade, it still highlights the big stakes in the battle over Merrick Garland’s appointment to the US Supreme Court.

A collective sigh of relief could be heard from women all over Oklahoma on Friday, after Gov. Mary Fallin vetoed one of the most draconian anti-abortion bills ever passed:

Lawmakers in Oklahoma approved a bill Thursday that would make performing abortions a felony and revoke the medical licenses of most physicians who assist in such procedures. According to the measure, known as SB1552, a person who performs or induces an abortion will be guilty of a felony and punished with between one and three years in the state penitentiary.

But cooler heads prevailed and Fallin vetoed it, with little warning to her fellow Republicans, describing the bill as vague and unlikely to withstand a legal challenge.

The legislature can override the veto with a two-thirds majority vote in both houses, a distinct possibility, since it would literally only take one senator flipping his/her “nay” vote to “yea”.

Rather than the perennial chastising that this is a perfect proof that elections have consequences, let’s focus instead on the long-term strategizing this bill represents. There was no question that this bill would have been challenged in the courts for being unconstitutional. The bill’s sponsor, Republican Sen. Nathan Dahm, was counting on that. He wanted this bill to go through the court system all the way up to the US Supreme Court.

With the Supreme Court’s current eight-member make-up (and generally speaking, four-four ideological split), the result would very likely have been to uphold the ban, thereby creating the precedent necessary to overturn Roe v. Wade. That spotlights exactly why the U.S. Senate’s refusal to do their constitutionally-mandated responsibility to hold confirmation hearings for Merrick Garland is so dangerous. Women’s rights, our health, our economic power, and our actual lives are very much at risk.

But we won’t go without a fight. Meet the woman opening up an abortion clinic in Oklahoma during all this drama.

(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6837,"The Trump campaign, which has been chaotic of late, went looking for a strong man to set things right. They have announced the promotion of Paul Manafort to the position of convention manager. He will be in charge of strong-arming delegates into the Trump column.

Paul Manafort is — how do I put this? Not a nice guy. Not a very principled guy. Wait, I take that back: His principle is winning at any cost. So already, he and Donald Trump have a lot in common.

The Washington Post said he’s “seen as a formidable opponent who is unafraid to go to the mat for controversial, polarizing clients.”

Yeah, you could say that. He and his BFF (and former lobbying firm business partner) Roger Stone (who recommended him for the job) were foot soldiers in the dirty-trickster ranks of famed Republican strategist Lee Atwater, who was a senior partner at their firm. They ran the infamous “Southern Strategy” for the campaigns of Ronald Reagan. (That same Southern Strategy that accounts for Donald Trump’s base.)

(Roger Stone’s been banned from CNN and MSNBC for making racist and sexist comments on Twitter. Don’t worry, Fox News still puts out the welcome mat for him.)

I have every confidence @realDonaldTrump will be nominated with the experienced leadership of Paul Manafort pic.twitter.com/9wKNQpP2Eu — Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) April 8, 2016

Manafort’s selection was praised as “excellent” by Karl Rove. Which I guess is a compliment unless you consider the source. But Manafort has worked as a fixer (think Olivia Pope) for some disturbingly unsavory characters. He even admitted to influence peddling in a New Jersey HUD housing scandal.

So my guess is, he and Donald Trump are going to get along just fine. It’s everyone else we should worry about.

(AP Photo/Seth Perlman)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6859,"Sen. Rob Portman (R-OH) barred press from an event hosted by Ohio State University’s Moritz College of Law, where one reporter from the school’s student newspaper was asked to leave.

The event was part of a “Congressional Conversations Initiative” series that will also include Nancy Pelosi. OSU bills the series as a discussion “on improving legislative process and American governance, public policy, and public service,” but news broke on Friday afternoon that officials refused to allow a reporter from the Lantern to attend Portman’s talk.

Moritz chief communications officer Barbara Peck told BNR that the reporter, Leah McClure, whom the Lantern says is “a third-year in journalism and economics and a student,” wasn’t allowed in because she wasn’t registered.

Pelosi’s event on April 22 is open to press, and according to Peck, it was Portman’s decision to bar reporters from attending his talk, not the school’s.

Ohio Democratic Party spokesman Daniel van Hoogstraten told BNR that Portman may have wanted to avoid questions about his support for policies that have helped drive students deeper into debt.

“Portman does not want to answer for his record of supporting the largest Pell Grant cut in history, proposing the elimination of the Perkins Loan program which helps students who need help the most, and voting against allowing Ohioans to refinance their student loans to get an affordable rate,” van Hoogstraten said. “It is the latest example of Senator Portman prioritizing the Washington power brokers and wealthy special interests he serves while Ohio’s students and hardworking families pay the price.”

Cook Political Report recently moved Portman’s Senate race against former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland (D) from “lean Republican” to “toss up.” The University of Virginia’s Larry Sabato followed suit two weeks later, and both cited Garland obstructionism as big factors.

[NOTE: Portman’s campaign didn’t respond at press time when asked why he chose to prevent media from attending Friday’s OSU event.]

(AP Photo/John Minchillo, File)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
105643,"GOP strategist Rick Wilson takes down Donald in an interview with Chris Hayes. You have to see it to believe it.



Here’s a taste:

Donald Trump is not mentally fit to serve as president. Everything he thinks, he says. That’s not candor, that’s lunacy. [Republicans] are going to have to own every crazy word, every lunatic tweet, every racist statement out of this guy’s mouth for the next five months. They should be running for the hills.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23887,"Stephen King Unleashes His Fury on GOP Presidential Candidates, and We Like It!",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107279,I’ll Tell You What Happened to the Obama Coalition,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93178,"One of Bernie’s central criticisms of Hillary is that she was wrong on Iraq, that she displayed poor judgment on a crucial matter of war and peace. It’s the centerpiece of his (thin) foreign policy, something he asserts as an open and shut matter of principle.

So why did Bernie vote to confirm Hillary for Secretary of State?

Doesn’t that undercut his claim that she is somehow compromised because of that vote? (After all, he voted against Tim Geithner on principle.)

Doesn’t that indicate he trusts her judgment on matters of national security and international affairs?

It’s a simple question, but a critical one for voters.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79405,"IL Sen. Mark Kirk has been attacking war hero Tammy Duckworth’s record serving vets. But his attacks only highlight his history as a serial exaggerator of his own military record and his eagerness to use veterans to score cheap political points.

Embattled Republican Sen. Mark Kirk has been aggressively attacking his opponent’s record with veterans in an attempt to save his vulnerable seat.

In a risky move, Kirk has been attempting to politicize Rep. Tammy Duckworth’s record at the Illinois Department of Veterans Affairs. Even Republicans have questioned whether voters will believe Duckworth has failed to be there for her fellow veterans, given that Duckworth is an Iraq War veteran and Veterans Affairs official who was severally wounded when her helicopter was shot down.

It’s also a risky attack for Kirk because of his history of exaggerating his own service record for cheap political gain.

Kirk has a long history of exaggerating and misleading about his service record in order to appear more heroic. These exaggerations go back at least as far as 2005, when he was caught claiming on his website that he was “the only member of Congress to serve in Operation Iraqi Freedom,” when in fact he served stateside *during* Iraqi Freedom, but not in Iraq during that operation.

Later, during his 2010 senate race, Kirk was caught falsely claiming in his official bio that he’d been awarded the “intelligence officer of the year.” Indeed, he had reportedly been pitching himself as a recipient of the award for years — going all the way back to his first Congressional race. In actuality his unit — and not he alone — was awarded a different prize, the Vice Admiral Rufus L. Taylor Award. This led the Daily Herald at the time to write: “At minimum, the discrepancy seems to suggest he was taking individual credit for an honor his entire unit won” (sort of like when Bill O’Reilly claimed he’d won two Peabody awards).

And that’s not all. Kirk has been caught misleading voters about his service at least ten times. As the Chicago Sun-Times editorial board said, “so many embellishments over so many years can’t be explained away as inadvertent slip ups.” He was also twice admonished with respect to the Pentagon’s rule about getting involved in politics while on active duty.

The Duckworth campaign recently highlighted Kirk’s history of exaggerating his record in a new ad called “repeatedly:”

(AP Photo/M. Spencer Green, File)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
96263,"With His Arms Open Wide, This Man Proves There's Some Beautiful People In The World",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107236,Battle Between McDonald’s and Its Workers Heats Up,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23764,"Quinnipiac University has developed a reputation for outlier polls that consistently deliver bad news for Hillary Clinton and good news for Donald Trump. When we deconstruct their polls, Quinnipiac’s errors are glaringly obvious.

On June 29, we took apart a Q poll that showed Donald ahead of Hillary nationally by two points.

My colleagues Anthony Reed (predictive modeling expert and founder of the highly respected Benchmark Politics) and Eric Kleefeld pointed out that Quinnipiac was alone in its depiction of the race as particularly close. Most other polls at the time indicated a Hillary lead of between 4 and 6 points, and some polls placed her advantage at 8 points or above. Unsurprisingly, the Q poll got a wave of breathless media coverage. But a “unique poll result” is typically an indication of a bad poll result.

Here’s Quinnipiac’s fundamental problem: They tend to under-represent minorities. In their June 29 analysis, Reed and Kleefeld argued that polls like PPP, IBD/TIPP predict white turnout will be around 70 percent in 2016, down from 72 percent in the 2012 exit poll. Quinnipiac, on the other hand, has white turnout pegged at 73%. Another dubious finding in the June 29 Q poll is Latino support for Donald at 33% when most polls place it around 20%.

Quinnipiac’s reputation was already very shaky, in light of their dishonest, discredited, and widely disseminated 2015 poll announcing that in a word-association exercise, voters immediately thought of Hillary as a “liar.”

While Quinnipiac presented the poll as evidence that voters associated “liar” with Hillary, we demonstrated that it was Republican and Republican-leaning respondents to the Q-poll who linked Hillary to liar and other derogatory terms (including “bitch”). It is a vastly different thing for Republicans, parroting Fox news and talk radio, to hurl misogynistic insults at Hillary than for all voters to believe Hillary is a liar.

As Mediaite explained at the time: “As far as we know, only 35% of the people asked had something negative to say about Hillary Clinton.” But the way Quinnipiac and the media played it, Hillary was seen as a “liar” by the majority of American voters.

With Quinnipiac’s questionable history of faulty 2016 polls, their latest outlier, showing Donald ahead of Hillary in battleground states, should be taken with a grain of salt.

Reed explains that Quinnipiac seems to consistently produce different results from all other polls in Florida, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. Of all major polling groups, Quinnipiac consistently gives Donald his best results in Florida and Ohio. In fact, Quinnipiac is the only major poll that shows Donald winning in Pennsylvania. You would be right to suspect something is off.

Indeed, something is off. Until recently, we have not been able to get a good handle on how Latino voters plan to vote in 2016 because sample sizes have been very small. Recently though, an important poll with a sample size of over 3,000 respondents gives us essential data. This poll shows Hillary with a resounding +67% lead — which obviously doesn’t square with Quinnipiac giving her a +24% lead among non-white voters in Florida.

Here’s how The Atlantic frames the issue:

Is it possible that Trump could break with recent precedent, and win a historically high share of Hispanic voters? Yes, under certain quantum-theory conditions, all sorts of things are possible: Time can move backwards, tornadoes can build neighborhoods from pieces of homes floating in the sky, and a cracked egg can leap into its original unbroken shell. But unless you think that “the Hispanics” love Trump as much as he swears he loves them, you might want to question the poll.

We are left with this conclusion: Quinnipiac is inaccurate, undersamples minorities, and underestimates Hillary’s support among them.

The corporate media, desperate for a horse race, won’t tell you that. So we will.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93117,"Bernie Sanders is facing a moment of truth in his political career. He can move into a new phase of the Democratic primary with a focus on issues and on radical Republicans, or he can continue trying to take down Hillary Clinton. So far, unfortunately, he has chosen the latter. And he’s taking shots at Barack Obama and Bill Clinton in the process.

From The Hill:

Bernie Sanders shied away from agreeing to put Hillary Clinton into his hypothetical presidential Cabinet during a Wednesday interview.

What exactly is Bernie saying?

Melissa McEwan has the answer:

It's cool (ahem) how this functions as two jabs in one: One at Clinton & one at Obama for putting her in his cabinet https://t.co/aBnXZHcBHn — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) March 24, 2016

By saying he wouldn’t put Hillary Clinton in his cabinet, Bernie is implicitly questioning President Obama’s judgment. Does Bernie forget that he voted to confirm Hillary as Secretary of State? And is he questioning her effectiveness in that role?

This comes a day after the Sanders campaign joined Republicans in a context-free attack on Bill Clinton.

This should be beneath him.

(AP Photo/Chuck Burton)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79417,"During a rally in Fort Wayne, Indiana, Donald Trump was railing about the United States’ trade deficit with China, when he said this: “We can’t continue to allow China to rape our country, and that’s what they’re doing.”

[Content Note: Discussion of sexual violence.]

Trump’s comments that a trade deficit is akin to rape fits squarely in with a terrible habit that many men have of comparing what they perceive to be economic injustice to sexual violence. Trade deficits? China’s raping us. Having to pay federal taxes? The federal government is raping us. ATM fees? The banks are raping us.

These things are not rape. And it is a particular cruelty that a presidential candidate who traffics in unapologetic sexism would appropriate rape to use as his own metaphor, on the campaign trail where he has also bragged about having been endorsed by convicted rapist Mike Tyson.

He doesn’t actually care about the harm done to women, who are disproportionately victimized by sexual violence. Indeed, he is so divorced from the potential of being a victim himself that the closest thing he can imagine to being raped is being financially taken advantage of.

When pressed by CNN’s Chris Cuomo about his use of this offensive language, Trump did not back away, but instead defended it, saying: “Frankly, as far as China’s concerned, everyone knows that’s true, and it gets the point across.” Watch:

Mr. Trump, I am a US citizen whose economic fate is tied to the national economy, including trade deficits, and I am a survivor of rape. And they are nothing alike.

A trade deficit has never smashed my face against a stone fireplace, where a piece of my tooth was left behind. A trade deficit has never held me down while I felt tears slip out of the corners of my eyes, and concentrated on the sensation of those cool tear trails, to focus on anything but the pain of being torn apart and the indignity, the humiliation, the stupid and inexplicable embarrassment about what was happening to me.

A trade deficit has never left me struggling and resisting and succumbing and blaming myself for not having escaped such an unfathomable fate; has never forced me to desperately try to stay inside my own head as my consciousness tries to flee from the horror of what’s being done to me; has never made me aware of something severing and disassociating between my mind and my body, unable to stop the creeping feeling like that intangible thing that makes you a person is being irreparably broken.

A trade deficit has never left me in a pool of my own blood, thinking that death would be a relief from the pain and the shame and utter, wretched brokenness of self I feel.

A trade deficit has never forced me to live my life putting one foot in front of the other without any idea how I’m going to build myself back into a whole person.

Trump’s word would be inappropriate even if it weren’t coming out of the mouth of a man who demeans women and celebrates rapists. But the fact that he, in particular, used this word in this way, claimed it for his own so casually, fills me with rage and horror.

He loves to talk about the “woman card.” Well, here’s another woman card in the hand I was dealt, like many other women.

Mr. Trump, leave that word out of your mouth forever, unless it is preceded by the words: “I apologize for using the word.”

[This post has been updated to include the embedded video.]

(AP Photo/Evan Vucci)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93145,"Tad Devine (senior adviser) and Jeff Weaver (campaign manager) have been tag-teaming on cable news in recent weeks. But in the aftermath of Hillary’s impressive New York victory, Devine and Weaver appear to have gone in different directions. Weaver was on MSNBC claiming Bernie was fighting through to the convention. Devine was singing a different tune, suggesting April 26th is an inflection point.

Here’s how Devine’s comments are being reported:

This seems newish for now from @taddevine, via AP: campaign will see how it does in Penn, Md, Del, RI and CT and then ""assess where we are."" — AWomanCalledHaberman (@maggieNYT) April 20, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23851,New Hampshire Lawmaker: Women Don’t Deserve Same Wages as Men,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107299,What Happens When a Straight Cadet Sticks Up For a Gay Cadet?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107221,Want to blame people not guns? Then why not help people not guns?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107358,Can Scott Brown Speak On Border Security When He's Never Attended Any Hearings On The Subject?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23872,Gwyneth Paltrow's SNAP Challenge Hurt More Than It Helped,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93189,"False claims of fraud and disenfranchisement from the Sanders campaign and his supporters are obscuring serious discussions of real voter suppression and seeking to delegitimize Hillary’s history-making victories.

Throughout this primary season, both the Sanders campaign and the media have sought to delegitimize Hillary Clinton’s victories.

They’ve said all sorts of things to write off Hillary’s wins.

Iowa didn’t “feel” like a win because her margin wasn’t large enough. Wins in Southern states “didn’t count” because they aren’t states that go blue in presidential elections — and, besides, Bernie wasn’t really even trying there, anyway. She’s not drawing enough Independents. Her winning margin is only because she won the “Deep South.” Superdelegates are in the tank for her. She’s buying the election. It’s rigged. And so on, ad nauseum.

Now, there’s the ludicrous new accusation by the Sanders team that Hillary is violating campaign finance rules by raising money for down-ticket Democrats.

In New York, the attempts to delegitimize the outcome have become a roar. People who simply failed to register in time for New York’s closed primary – or who didn’t switch parties before the deadline – are claiming they’re being “disenfranchised,” and Bernie is empowering those absurd claims.

Jamil Smith quite rightly called this behavior out:

The more folks in New York act like their votes are being suppressed by annoying deadlines, the less focus we put on actual suppression. — Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) April 19, 2016

In addition to obscuring the very real concerns about voter suppression and disenfranchisement among vulnerable populations, these claims are a blatant attempt to delegitimize the results of this primary — and indeed the entire nomination process — when it’s about to be won by the first female candidate ever.

(Photo: Barbara Kinney for Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107333,Some Of Our Finest Beaches Are Threatened By Offshore Drilling,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
105639,"“I am invisible, understand, simply because people refuse to see me.” I have thought of this quote from Ralph Ellison’s Invisible Man often during this election season.

As an African American woman who supports Hillary Clinton, I regularly feel invisible. The media, the pundits, the pollsters and the other candidates refuse to see me.

Women (who make up over 60% of registered voters) and minorities are disregarded as if we are unimportant to the candidates’ platforms or the outcome of the race.

Though Hillary has earned millions more votes than either Bernie or Donald, Hillary’s supporters, particularly female voters, are often deemed irrelevant in the media. And when we try to raise our voices, we are mocked, trolled, and verbally assaulted so persistently that the effort becomes daunting.

Between working, learning, raising families, caregiving, bettering our communities, and engaging in the real world around us, we don’t have the time or the patience to waste precious energy on fighting incessant harassment as the cost of participation.

The “saying nothing, talking loud” crowd (to paraphrase Earth Wind & Fire) may attempt to silence us. But we won’t remain invisible forever.

Our presence on Election Day will be visible and potent. As it has been in the voting booth for all of 2016.

Thankfully we are not invisible to the candidate who by all objective measures will be our next President. She knows who we are and she knows our dedication and determination. She relies on it. We are ready for her. And we will be there for her in large numbers in November.

#WomenTrumpDonald",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23739,"As we stand on the precipice of electing our first woman president, we are also fighting against healthcare restrictions that devalue women and rob us of our most basic autonomy. And as we near the end of the second term of our first Black president, we are seeing a dangerous reemergence of white nationalism – both at home and in Europe. These things are, of course, not coincidences. They are evidence of reactionary backlashes to social progress.

There is much progress to celebrate regarding the expansion of rights and visibility of marginalized people in this time, even as there continues to be much to grieve. There are battles which are far from won – and battles that we imagined were over are still being fought.

Legal abortion remains under assault four decades after it was meant to be settled fact. Federally legalized same-sex marriage is still new, and it remains under assault under the auspices of “religious freedom” laws and presidential candidates who promise – absurdly – to roll back the right. Decades after the Voting Rights Act, Black people and other communities marginalized by voting laws are still fighting institutional disenfranchisement. And on and on.

This is, in some way, ever the way of progress. There is something to celebrate, and something left to be done.

But backlashes are different. It is not just that there are things left to be done. It is that there are emergent hostilities reacting to the progress which has been made.

Ancient hatred and bigotries rear their ugly heads in a newly visible way. Strategies used against one marginalized population once upon a time are appropriated and deployed against the new “enemy.” Coded bias becomes increasingly overt, and rhetoric escalates into eliminationism.

It’s not merely that ideological opponents must be defeated, but that people whose identities deviate from those who disproportionately hold power must be destroyed.

Bias and anger are increasingly expressed through violence. Anti-Muslim hate crimes are on the rise again. Anti-choice terrorism has sharply increased. Fights break out at political rallies. There are 892 documented hate groups in the US, and there have been 167 mass shootings so far this year alone.

Fomented and fueled by decades of othering, scapegoating, and fearmongering, increasing numbers of white men (particularly, though not exclusively) are channeling their legitimate resentments at economic insecurity and their illegitimate belief that marginalized people are to blame into an aggressive, threatening nationalism.

This is happening not just in the US, but in many European countries. It frighteningly resembles dynamics that preceded both of the World Wars.

It is a dark time. And in times of darkness, we need light.

Love and kindness. These are Hillary’s motivating principles – despite what four decades of mendacious narratives would have us believe.

In this dark time, in a time where violence is used for publicity, we need a leader who is committed to love and kindness, because that is the only antidote to hatred and division – in combination with firm boundaries delineating what will be tolerated. And what won’t be.

This combination is one of Hillary’s greatest strengths: She values and understands the importance of amplifying marginalized voices, of leveraging her privilege on behalf of the people for whose rights she advocates, and of facilitating increased visibility and access to empowered roles. She also values and understands the importance of policy. Over and over, she has demonstrated a fundamental grasp of both the significance and limitations of each.

Visibility and access without legal protections, or legal protections without visibility and access, are not as good – not as effective – as the combination.

Eleven years ago, I read this post by John Rogers, which contained a statistic so striking to me that I remember it still: “When the Supreme Court struck down the bans against interracial marriage in 1968 through Virginia vs. Loving,” he wrote, “SEVENTY-TWO PERCENT of Americans were against interracial marriage. As a matter of fact, approval of interracial marriage in the US didn’t cross the positive threshold until – sweet God – 1991.”

That is the importance of policy. Urging meaningful inclusion is not enough. Nor is policy without an accompaniment of urging and modeling meaningful inclusion.

Breaking down barriers is not just about how we think and how we talk, nor is just about law. It’s about how both work together to create an environment in which truly breaking down barriers can actually happen. It’s about making space for people who have been excluded, and about ensuring – by the force of law, if necessary – that people who reflexively reject their inclusion are robbed of the means to do it.

This will not be an easy task. It will not be a task that Hillary can complete, even if she is given eight years to do it. It is not a task any person can accomplish alone, nor is there an easily identifiable end. Oppression and all its intersections morph and adapt in their desperate bid to survive and thrive.

But we need a leader who’s up to the task of trying, with all her might, to stop the escalation and begin to roll backward the surging waves of hatred that threaten stability and security, especially for vulnerable people. A leader who understands that it cannot be left to fester, but must be addressed, in all ways available to a person with the biggest and baddest bully pulpit on the planet.

A leader who gets, down to her bones, that love and kindness are key, but are fundamentally incomplete without firm boundaries.

A leader who wears both her heart and her brain on the sleeves of her colorful jacket.

We are in a dark time, and we need light. The light of a comprehensive approach to that darkness: Policy to address the brokenness undergirding the resentment, and to contain the backlash; love and kindness to facilitate de-escalation, and to center the inherent value of the people being targeted by the backlash.

There are precious few politicians who are up to the task. What luck, what enormous good fortune, that we have a politician in this moment, in this dark time, who is not only up to the task but willing and ready to take it on.

We have not, as a country, always shown Hillary an abundance of love and kindness. But still she shows it to us.

Still she perseveres. There may be no stronger evidence that she is prepared to meet the challenges of endemic hatred than that.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13618,Dumb Tweet of the Day: Rep. Vicky Hartzler Doesn’t Understand How Global Warming Works,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
550,"Sometimes an analyst just nails it. Paul Begala, a highly respected Democratic strategist, did exactly that on CNN.

Paul Begala articulated Bernie’s choice perfectly: force Trump to fight a two-front war, or do the same to Hillary.

The choice should be very easy, considering Hillary will be the Democratic nominee and Bernie knows it.

Watch:

(Photo: Dennis Van Tine/STAR MAX/IPx)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107408,Immigrants Will Be Among the Victims of McConnell’s Congress,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107164,"Lil Jon: #TURNOUTFORWHAT? To Vote, That's What.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23888,OPINION: Is Hillary Clinton progressive enough for progressives? Yes.,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93109,"Back in July, Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) — a Republican at risk of losing re-election this November — was asked whether she’d support Donald Trump as the GOP presidential nominee. “I don’t think he will be our nominee,” she said then. “So I don’t think I will have to worry about supporting him.” Times sure have changed.

Since July, Ayotte has struggled to dance around Trump. She said in December that she’ll support the GOP nominee but her allies say “there is a clear sense a Trump-led ticket would not help Ayotte in a state that has voted Democratic for president in four of the past five elections.”

In short, Ayotte has a Donald Trump problem, which perhaps explains why she wasn’t able to answer any questions about the real estate mogul during a recent interview with Manchester, NH’s ABC affiliate (before Trump’s controversial comments on abortion).

After Ayotte creatively avoided responding directly about Trump, even whether he is “more qualified than Hillary Clinton” to be president, the exhausted interviewer finally said, “Alright, I give up.”

The Boston Globe — in a story titled “GOP women pause over giving votes to Donald Trump — reported that Beverly Bruce, co-chair of Ayotte’s finance committee, “said she is working hard to encourage Republicans disgusted by Trump’s campaign to still turn out in November for Ayotte.”

Good luck with that.

Here’s the Ayotte clip:",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93128,"Talk about busting conventional wisdom.

From Politico:

While Sanders has drawn a significant portion of his support from the youngest voting bloc (under the age of 30), just 25 percent of millennial black voters said they are supporting the Vermont senator, compared with 64 percent who said they are backing Clinton. The reverse is true among white millennials, who support Sanders 75 percent to 22 percent.

Unless someone in the media wants to argue that black millennials don’t matter, let’s see some coverage of this. Because “millennials” shouldn’t just mean white millennials.

#BlackVotersMatter",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6848,"I like Hillary a lot, and I would, per that old canard, have a beer with her. But I think it’s pretty neat that she’s the first presidential candidate I can imagine might enjoy having a beer with me, too.

The first piece I ever wrote for BNR was about how I came to be a Hillary Clinton supporter after discovering a person whom I like very much woven throughout her speeches, her emails, her interviews, her debates, her testimony before Congress, her biography, her record as a First Lady, Senator, and Secretary of State, and accounts of people who have worked with and for her.

The actual person, at turns fantastic and flawed, buried beneath the caricatures of her that have been built by the very commentators who then turn around and criticize her lack of authenticity.

I don’t mention here that Hillary is flawed in some reflexive preemption of the accusation that I believe she’s above criticism. (I am keenly aware no amount of careful caveat can dissuade that urge.) I mention it because it is part of acknowledging the full scope of her humanity; because it is a rejection of the unreasonable standards of perfection to which she is held.

She is flawed, and I like her anyway.

I like her because she’s a person who engenders loyalty like I’ve never observed elsewhere from people who work with her. I will never forget Jon Favreau’s essay in which he writes about how different she is “than the caricature [he] had helped perpetuate” and describes her as “uncommonly warm and thoughtful. She surprises with birthday cakes. She calls when a grandparent passes away. She once rearranged her entire campaign schedule so a staffer could attend her daughter’s preschool graduation. Her husband charms by talking to you; Hillary does it by listening to you.”

I like her because she listens to women like the Mothers of the Movement, who lost children to gun violence, and who campaign with her because she reached out to them to listen—and to provide them a platform so that other people could listen to the important stories they have to tell, too.

I like her because she’s the kind of person who inspired a solid minute of cheers and applause when she arrived at the State Department, greeted by people who were relieved and excited and thrilled to welcome someone with her decency after 8 long years of Bush administration awfulness. I like her because they had high expectations for her, and she didn’t let them down.

I like her because she has successfully navigated decades of sustained misogyny and personal attacks, the pervasiveness and cruelty of which I cannot even begin to contemplate in their unfathomable sum. I don’t know what the personal cost to Hillary it has been, weathering all of that intense hatred for so long, but I know it’s not nothing. And I like her for being someone who, despite having to face evidence that parts of her country hate her, viciously and undeterrably, still wants to serve her country as its president.

I like her because, although being subjected to both intense hatred and conflicting rules that mean one can’t ever win can have the understandable effect of turning people brittle and self-conscious, she still has a wonderful sense of humor about herself. I like her for sending herself up on Saturday Night Live, with genuine enjoyment. (And fewer glances at the cue cards than many professional actors!)

I like her because she’s a team player. I like her for pivoting from President Obama’s opposition to his champion, and leaving an acrimonious primary behind her to campaign with him in a town called Unity. I like her because the friendship and alliance they built is one of my favorite stories in US politics. I like her for all the superlatives she has used to describe President Obama, and I like her for promising to protect his legacy—because, as it happens, I like him very much, too.

I like her for liking other women. I love looking at photos of her with other influential women and being able to see how evident it is that she likes working with and sharing space with other women. Even though she is often the only woman in a room—and often the only woman in a photo, her brightly colored blazer standing out among a sea of dark suits—she doesn’t want to be the only woman there, but wants to open the doors for ever more women in public spaces. I like her for never playing the Exceptional Woman, who isn’t like all those other women, but for being a woman who loves and respects other women.

I like her for her wry humor. Especially when it’s deployed against Republicans. Oh dear, how I love when she talks smack about Republicans. About Ted Cruz frying bacon on a gun. About Donald Trump and his beautiful, tall wall. I can’t get enough of it.

I like her for being such a nerd! She’s such an A-student. She knows everything about everything (or so it often seems), and I will never stop being delighted that she’s totally the kind of irrepressible nerd who knows the difference between a yurt and a ger.

I like her laugh. It is a big, loud, cascading laugh. I have a laugh like that, too. A friend of mine once told me it’s the kind of laugh that, when he overhears it at a restaurant, it makes him wish he was sitting at that table. I know what he means. When I hear Hillary’s laugh, I don’t hear a “cackle,” or any of the other ways it has been disparagingly described. I hear a laugh that makes me want to be sitting at her table.

I like her expressive face. I once wrote: “I always find the charge that she is inauthentic to be completely hilarious, because Hillary Clinton has about the farthest thing from a poker face as exists in US politics.” I like her for wearing her emotions all over her expressive face, whether she’s conveying disdain at Congressmen with a transparently partisan agenda, or undiluted joy at meeting a child on the campaign trail.

I like her for dancing and singing and being silly, even when she knows darn well that it will be mocked and ridiculed by people who seize on any chance to demean her. I like pictures of her partying and having a drink. She looks like some damn fun.

I like women who are some damn fun.

One of the most over-done frames in US politics is the old “the candidate with whom you’d most like to have a beer” chestnut. It’s never Hillary who tops the list. George W. Bush? Sure. (Never mind that he was a teetotaler.) Trump? Of course! He seems like fun. But Hillary? Hard pass.

I would certainly accept an invitation to have a beer with Hillary (and I trust she wouldn’t mind if I imbibed a tipple of Scotch instead). But the fact that I want to have a drink with Hillary, because I find her so eminently likeable in spite of the narratives that she isn’t, is rather less interesting to me than this: I’m fairly certain that Hillary is the first presidential candidate in my lifetime who might enjoy having a drink with me.

Whether I like the person for whom I cast my vote has never been particularly relevant to me. It’s always been more important that I trust them. I have, however, liked a few of the people for whom I’ve cast votes.

But I’ve never thought for a moment that any of them would like me back.

Which is neither an unduly self-effacing commentary on my own likability—I have plenty of friends who like and love me a whole lot—nor is it a unilateral negative commentary on other presidential candidates. I daresay President Obama, who has a fondness for pick-up games, might like hanging out with me more if I weren’t 5’3 with the athleticism of a tortoise.

It’s simply an observation about the fact that there has never been a presidential candidate who has experienced life in many of the same ways I have—as a bookish white girl, raised in a Chicago suburb in a conservative religious family, who grew beyond the boundaries of what life was supposed to look like. Who became a feminist. Who doesn’t want to be the only woman succeeding, but one of many. Who will maybe never dance in public with abandon, but will still dance all the same. Who has no poker face.

Who just likes people so much, and wants to listen to their stories.

There are people who don’t feel this way about Hillary, but feel it very strongly about President Obama. He would like them, he would get them, in a way no other modern presidential candidate ever could.

And there are people who have yet to meet (so to speak) a presidential candidate about whom they could feel the same. There are some parts of ourselves, innate or nurtured, so central to who we are that only another person who shares them can possibly be someone who makes us feel that thing, that “I’d have a drink with that person” thing.

That “whoa, this is a presidential candidate who might actually enjoy having a drink with me” thing. A thing I never even knew it was possible to feel until there was a presidential candidate about whom I felt it.

I like Hillary Clinton. A whole lot. And it frankly feels kind of magical to imagine there could be a president who could like me right back.

Heck yeah I’d have a drink with her. And I think she’d have a drink with me, too.

If it ever happens, you’ll find our table by the sound of our laughter.

(Photo: Barbara Kinney for Hillary for America)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107186,FanGate and Other Rules in the Florida Governor Debate You Didn’t Know About,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23910,UPDATED: Which State’s GOP Just Appointed the Worst Person in America Their Speaker?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79409,"Donald Trump continues his habit of bashing the media, and the media take out their frustrations by going after Hillary’s emails. It’s a toxic dynamic that has disgraced the national press in the 2016 cycle.

Another day, another brazen attack on the media by Trump.

Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 22, 2016

What exactly is Trump referring to? Who knows.

Of course, like their peers, the Morning Joe crew will likely shrug it off and go back to Hillary’s emails, a story that has been covered by the national media every single day for the past year.

Just imagine Hillary tweeting this:

I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2016

Or this:

If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20% — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016

The media would go berserk.

And that’s precisely why Trump keeps doing it: He can get away with it.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93107,"Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are engaged in a feud that involves treating wives like possessions.

Here is the presumptive GOP nominee publicly treating his wife and his opponent’s wife like pieces of property, continuing the chauvinist feuding from earlier in the week:

Trump uses an unflattering photo of Heidi Cruz, who is married to Trump’s opponent Ted Cruz, in the way that unflattering photos of women are often used to mock and discredit them (hint: Hillary Clinton), and then juxtaposes it against a flattering photo of his wife — the implicit commentary being that he “wins” because his wife is more attractive.

Essentially, he is just saying, “my property is better than your property.” He might as well have compared photos of their houses or cars. It’s blatantly objectifying—and treating women as possessions is one of the most basic forms of misogyny.

Lest you imagine that I’m attributing to Trump an attitude he does not hold, in his 2007 book Trump 101: The Way to Success, he wrote: “Beauty and elegance, whether in a woman, a building, or a work of art is not just superficial or something pretty to see.”

Women are nothing more than things to him, things to be owned, our value conferred exclusively by whether he finds us attractive.

Trump has a problem with women. A problem that will likely cost him the general election if he’s the GOP nominee.

(AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13606,Dumb Tweet of the Day: David Vitter Uses the Word 'Illegal',bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13581,The Conviction Gap: Elections Are About Faith And Passion,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23729,"Hillary Clinton delivered a terrific address at the Old State House in Springfield, Illinois—the site at which President Abraham Lincoln gave his “House Divided” speech. She spoke at length about racial justice, and then segued into a blistering attack on Donald Trump, whose relentless divisiveness, she convincingly argued, makes him unfit, unprepared, and unwilling to be an advocate for unity at a time when our nation most needs it.

The first part of Hillary’s speech was about police killings that disproportionately take the lives of Black and Latinx Americans, and about the recent violence again police in Dallas. As ever, she put a premium on the power of listening: “Embracing policies that promote justice for all people, and standing firm against any attempt to roll back the clock on the rights and opportunities that so many sacrificed so much to secure…starts with doing a better job of listening to each other.”

In a particularly powerful moment, she urged people to listen to those who say “Black Lives Matter”—an implicit criticism of those who willfully obfuscate its meaning with “all lives matter.”

Hillary Clinton: “We do need to listen to those who say ‘black lives matter’” https://t.co/HQ5It7Mzcp https://t.co/NLe8VGgo2a — CNN (@CNN) July 13, 2016

“We remember Laquan McDonald, killed in Chicago, a year-and-a-half ago, and Sandra Bland, who grew up in Illinois, who died one year ago today. Time after time, no one is held accountable—and surely we can all agree that’s deeply wrong and needs to change. And yes, we do need to listen to those who say ‘Black Lives Matter.’ Too many Black Americans, especially young men, feel like their lives are disposable, and they worry every single day about what might happen. They have every reason to feel that way, and it’s absolutely unacceptable. Everyone in America, everyone, deserves to be treated with respect and dignity. Surely that is something we can all unite behind.”

In the second half of the speech, Hillary pivoted to talking about Donald—and how we are watching the Party of Lincoln “become the Party of Trump. And that’s not just a huge loss for our democracy—it is a threat to it.” Donald, she noted, is running a campaign “as divisive as any we have seen in our lifetimes.”

WATCH: Hillary Clinton says Trump’s campaign ‘is as divisive as any we have seen in our lifetimes’ https://t.co/npd5bswkgg — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) July 13, 2016

“His campaign is as divisive as any we have seen in our lifetimes. It is built on stoking mistrust and pitting American against American. It’s there in everything he says and everything he promises to do as President. It’s there in how he wants to ban Muslims from coming to the United States, and toyed with creating a database to track Muslims in America. It’s there in the way he demeans women, in his promotion of an anti-Semitic image pushed by neo-Nazis, and in the months that he spent trying to discredit the citizenship and legitimacy of our first black President.”

Drawing gasps from the audience, Hillary also highlighted Donald’s utter lack of empathy by calling out how he even makes people’s violent deaths all about him.

WATCH: Hillary Clinton says that for Trump, even shooting deaths are all about him https://t.co/BxBGcpBETd — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) July 13, 2016

“Last night in an interview, he said that he understands systemic bias against black people because—and I quote—‘even against me, the system is rigged’—unquote. He went on to say, ‘I can relate to it very much myself.’ Even this—the killing of people—is somehow all about him.”

The solutions to the problems facing us are complex. They are not strictly political solutions, and no single person, not even a president, can create the changes that need to happen quickly and resolutely.

But one single person, especially a president, can make things exponentially worse, given a big enough platform. Donald’s incendiary and divisive rhetoric, in combination with his monumental inability to view anything outside the prism of his own self-centeredness, is not merely unhelpful—it exacerbates already intractable problems.

He can’t lead, he won’t follow, and he refuses to get out of the way. So, come November, we’ll have to block him ourselves—and make way for a president who is willing to lead by listening.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23847,What This NC State Rep Said About Women’s Bodies Is Beyond Twisted,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13641,Politics of Fear Create an America of Ignorance,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23751,"Look at these numbers. Katie McGinty is just crushing Republican incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey, and it makes it that much more likely that Democrats regain control of the Senate.

If you ever doubted the impact women have on elections, look at these latest poll numbers from the Pennsylvania senatorial race. Katie McGinty has taken a HUGE leap in the polls in the past three weeks over Pat Toomey, and I suspect this ad that Emily’s LIST and Planned Parenthood used to hammer away at Toomey has something to do with it:

Listen to those last two lines: “Shut down the government over Planned Parenthood? I think we ought to shut down Pat Toomey.”

Those are lines I’ve actually heard women repeat from the ad — and they’re not activists, just ordinary women who heard the ad and got the message about Pat Toomey’s extremism.

Look at these numbers:

In three weeks, McGinty went from 3 points down with women in the Quinnipiac poll to a 16 point lead. In that same poll, Toomey was up 10 points.

In the new Suffolk poll, McGinty is up by 7. And in the most recent average of all polls, she has a 7 point lead. So something’s happening, and it’s not good for Toomey.

Toomey is ahead among those whose primary issue is national security, but McGinty beats him on everything else. With voters whose primary issue is jobs, she’s up 48-26; with SCOTUS voters, 63-33; and among healthcare voters, she’s up 48-19.

McGinty is someone who gets things done. She chaired Bill Clinton’s Council on Environmental Quality and worked as an environmental adviser to Al Gore, was secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection under PA Gov. Ed Rendell, and chief of staff to Gov. Tom Wolf.

Her environmental bona fides are real, and she would be an important figure in the Senate in the fight to address global warming.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
1781,"Fox News’ erstwhile anchor Gretchen Carlson has filed a lawsuit alleging “severe and pervasive sexual harassment” by her Fox & Friends co-host Steve Doocy, followed by an attempt at sexual extortion by Fox News CEO Roger Ailes when she complained about the harassment. Unfortunately, this is not an isolated incident.

[Content Note: This post contains descriptions of sexual harassment and assault.]

UPDATE: It is reportedly not only Carlson who has complaints against Ailes.

In her complaint, Carlson alleges that she reported to a supervisor in 2009 that Doocy “had created a hostile work environment by regularly treating her in a sexist and condescending way, including by putting his hand on her and pulling down her arm to shush her during a live telecast.” Off the air, she says, he subjected her to “severe and pervasive sexual harassment.”

Her report was not taken seriously – in fact, to the contrary, Ailes reportedly “responded by calling Carlson a ‘man hater’ and ‘killer’ and telling her that she needed to learn to ‘get along with the boys.'” Subsequently, she says, she was professionally diminished, and Ailes continued to harass her himself, at one point telling her that he believed if they had sex, they’d both feel “good and better.”

After rejecting his advances, Carlson asserts “that despite working at Fox News for 11 years and being the host of a show that was leading in its afternoon time slot, she was unfairly terminated” when Ailes refused to re-up her contract.

Carlson’s allegations come on the heels of CNN hiring ousted and disgraced Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski as a political commentator, in spite of Lewandowski’s having been charged with assaulting a female reporter (the charges were later dropped) and his reputation for harassing female reporters and staffers.

In 2014, the International Women’s Media Foundation released a report, “Violence and Harassment against Women in the News Media: A Global Picture,” which provided “the first comprehensive picture of the dangers faced by many women working in news media around the world” and described “the types of violence and threats female journalists encounter and considers how these incidents affect their ability to conduct their work.”

The report’s section on sexual harassment notes that 47.9 percent of respondents answered “yes” to the question: “Have you experienced sexual harassment in relation to your work?” Further, the majority of those incidents took place in the office, and more than half of incidents in which the perpetrator was identified were committed by a “co-worker,” “boss,” or “supervisor,” the vast majority of whom (93.8%) were reported to be “mostly men.”

There are a lot of dangers facing female journalists around the world – and the one place where they should be safe is in their office. But that is simply not the case.

In the United States, women are under-represented in media. The Women’s Media Center has compiled statistics detailing the “crisis of representation in the media,” across all media. For example: “By a nearly 3 to 1 margin, male front-page bylines at top newspapers outnumbered female bylines in coverage of the 2012 presidential election.” And the issue is not limited to just the people who write the news, but extends to the people who discuss it and are cited as experts: “Men were also far more likely to be quoted than women in newspapers, television and public radio.”

The same dynamics are replicated on cable news: For example, the guests on Sunday political shows are “overwhelmingly white, conservative, and male in every category measured.”

The lack of equal representation for women leaves women unsafe in their jobs, and further undermines the coverage of topics deemed “women’s issues.” It is no coincidence that part of Carlson’s suit details how she was harassed specifically by accusing her of being too centered on women’s concerns (even when they were her own): “Ailes allegedly told her that she saw everything as if it ‘only rains on women’ and admonished her to stop worrying about equal treatment and getting ‘offended so God damn easy about everything.'”

We are currently in the midst of a presidential race in which the leading contender is a woman, for the first time in the nation’s history. Hillary has been subjected to decades of gender bias from the media – including both direct attacks and demonstrably uneven negative coverage.

If news rooms aren’t safe spaces for the women who work in them, we cannot reasonably extrapolate that they are spaces inclined to be fair to the women who are being covered.

For both the safety of female journalists, for the benefit of the women who are covered by the media, and for fairness to female readers and/or viewers (as well as men who yearn for gender justice, too), this dynamic must change. It must.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93084,"Hillary Clinton isn’t just winning the Democratic nomination, she’s doing it in the face of an unprecedented onslaught from the right, left and media. At BNR, we will not shy away from calling out sexism and misogyny wherever and whenever we see it.

There’s not much to say about this Vanity Fair article other than that it’s repugnant and sexist.

We’ll leave it to Bernie Sanders to provide context:

“I think for a variety of reasons, Hillary Clinton has been under all kinds of attack for many, many years. In fact, I can’t think of many personalities who have been attacked for more reasons than Hillary Clinton. And by the way, let me be frank and I’m running against her: Some of it is sexist.I don’t know that a man would be treated the same way that Hillary is.”

Vanity Fair should be ashamed of publishing such a demeaning headline. When you ask if the candidate with millions more votes and more enthusiasm than anyone in the race has “outstayed her welcome,” there’s only one word for that.

On what planet does it even make sense to suggest a candidate who won her last primary by double digits has ""outstayed her welcome""? — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) April 23, 2016

Writing about ALL of the remaining candidates only ONE is singled out for out staying her welcome! Bias is clear! https://t.co/KwNCqMKctF — Irish Mason (@IrishMason) April 23, 2016

@peterdaou @VanityFair As the article is about all the candidates & the headline negatively screams HILLARY, yes-it's biased & misogynistic. — Maureen (@maureen_grogan) April 23, 2016

@peterdaou @VanityFair Vanity Fair be careful. I cancelled the NYTimes after 40 years, I can cancel you after 20. — Marty Alpert (@martyalpert) April 23, 2016",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93099,"There’s a reason Hillary has more votes than anyone in the 2016 race: Voters see through the false narratives and personal attacks and connect directly to the person. In Hillary’s case, the person is very different from the caricature portrayed in the media.

Take a look at this chart from PolitiFact. You can argue that their methodology is somewhat subjective, but as an apples to apples comparison, Hillary’s ratio of purely true to purely false statements is higher than any candidate in the race:

What’s more:

Few things say more about #Hillary's integrity and honesty than her unwillingness to speak in absolutes just to get votes. #DemTownHall — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) March 14, 2016

Hillary is pushing solutions while the rest of the field is selling promises.

UPDATE (3/21/16): Bernie Sanders just quoted PolitiFact in an interview with CNN’s Anderson Cooper. He used their rating system to question Donald Trump’s veracity.

[NOTE: This article was updated on 4/5/16]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6857,"If tonight’s debate has proved one thing (other than John Kasich is, in fact, still in the race), it’s that Republicans have their priorities completely upside down.

How corrupt is a political philosophy that wants to give more people guns and fewer people health care? #GOPDebate — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) January 15, 2016

Easier access to guns and less access to affordable healthcare seemed to be the prescription for a better America across the board. Hillary Clinton was a popular target, with Marco Rubio going so far as to call her “disqualified” from being president. Ben Carson said that Clinton’s past was fair game — even though he complained about people looking into his alleged full-ride scholarship to West Point.

Earlier, in the undercard debate, Carly Fiorina took a cheap shot at Clinton by saying that unlike Clinton, she “actually love(s)” spending time with her husband. All the while, of course, candidates denounced the alleged divisiveness of Clinton and President Obama.

And, of course, the Republican presidential hopefuls all painted themselves as champions of the working man despite supporting easing restrictions on big corporations.

It’s clear that Republicans’ priorities lie with attacking Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama while pretending to identify with working-class Americans. Their priorities are not with getting more Americans access to healthcare, tackling the issue of mental health or making life better for America’s blue-collar workers.

They can call the Democratic candidates divisive all they want. But it’s unlikely you’ll see Clinton turn to Bernie Sanders and call him weak on stage in the next Democratic debate. You’ll have to tune into the GOP debate for that.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107115,Republicans Hate Government Waste So Much They're Throwing $$350K in the Garbage,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79396,"Several days before Donald Trump hired Breitbart’s Stephen Bannon as his campaign chief, I laid out the case that Trump is less interested in the White House and more interested in being a white nationalist figurehead. In the ensuing days, the floodgates opened, and the conversation about Trump’s open embrace of white nationalism has gone mainstream.

By way of reminder about Trump’s true nature and his appeal to the so-called alt-right:

Consider his Alex Jones-style conspiracy-mongering; his meticulously crafted words of incitement and exhortations to violence; his attacks on a federal judge; his description of President Obama as a terrorist (the “founder of ISIS”); his birtherism; his retweets of neo-Nazis; his eliminationist language toward Hillary Clinton; his fierce misogyny and indifference to sexual harassment; his feud with the Khan family; his Muslim ban; his use of anti-Semitic symbols; his embrace of torture; his capriciousness about the proliferation and use of nuclear weapons; his praise for dictators; his flirtations with Putin; his welcoming of Russian cyber-espionage; his undiluted xenophobia; his racist dog whistles (“look at my African-American”); his infamous border wall and relentless anti-Mexican bigotry; his claims of a “rigged” election; his unconcealed calls for voter intimidation; his refusal to disavow ties to white supremacists.

Now look at the what’s spewing on Twitter as the hashtag #AltRightMeans gains traction (Caution: the language can be vile).

#AltRightMeans When a nigger says something stupid, people don't stand around applauding and tell him what a good job he did. Merit or GTFO — DinduNuffins (@DinduFrank) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans We don't have to keep arguing about whether Jews belong in the movement. They don't. Jews are antiWhite. — Mark Tenney (@MathFaithWorks) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans physical removal of homosexuals and other undesirables, so to speak — James Douglas (@sirjamesthegood) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans the right of a people to decide who lives in their lands trumps the rights of immigrants without their permission. — Doomfather (@doomfather1776) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans kicking ""liberal"" ass, one commie at a time. — Jason Ollorgaard (@EndLiberalism1) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans wanting to feel safe with your family & not be pushed out by HUD's diversity programs pic.twitter.com/5aexq7WXKr — Donald jon Bismarck (@DonaldjBismarck) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans if you are white or Christian, Jews hate your guts because the Talmud teaches them to hate — Templeton Peck (@TheFaceman99) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans the beginning of the end to a regime of lies pic.twitter.com/EOZuvklNHN — Bullycide Technician (@HavilandCarrier) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans asserting for Europeans the same rights Jews assert for themselves. — Coach Finstock (@Cue1933) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans Straight white males are fighting back against your feminist, anti-white bullshit — JDG (@JaredDeanGrace) August 25, 2016

#AltRightMeans understanding that the Constitution means nothing with open borders & a treasonous media pic.twitter.com/YESDMFa6uV — Donald jon Bismarck (@DonaldjBismarck) August 25, 2016

There’s much more where that came from. It’s the underbelly of Trump’s support, as you can see in our video from the Republican convention (which has nearly 10 million Facebook views):",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23855,Historic art is beautiful but women in them are fatties!,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79395,"Surprise, surprise, surprise! Trailing badly in the polls, and with less than three months to go until the November election, Donald Trump and his media enablers have finally discovered the Black electorate!

Suddenly my news feed is full of absurdly optimistic analyses that presume a remote possibility of Trump managing to convince enough Black people to vote for him that he could win, and it’s hard to know where to even begin to debunk them.

On the one hand, it’s nice that they’ve finally come around to noticing our existence and electoral power, but on the other, it’s an enormous insult. Beyond the mere fact that Trump’s alleged Black outreach died decades before it was ever born with his adventures in housing discrimination and race baiting, followed by his scurrilous attempts to discredit President Obama’s citizenship, this current episode fails on multiple levels.

Not only did he neglect to deliver his recent “Black outreach” remarks to actual Black people, he based his entire “appeal” on racist and woefully inaccurate stereotypes that have been passed down through the ages. Like countless other Republican adherents to the Southern Strategy, Trump “led” with the basic premise that all of Black America is a hell-hole mired in crime, poverty, substandard education, and untreated medical illness.

As the mythology goes, these misfortunes are visited upon Black Americans exclusively because our feeble minds have been brainwashed by the Democratic Party plantation.

Never mind the scores of White Americans in Appalachia, the Deep Red South, and the Rust Belt, who religiously vote Republican, and still live in the exact same socioeconomic conditions Trump describes.

Never mind the fact that the majority of Black Americans are considered middle class, just as the majority of White Americans are.

Never mind the reality that violent crime is now at its lowest rate in decades.

Yet and still these distortions make their way into the realm of public opinion, because the perpetuation of this mythology is vital to the survival of the Republican Party in our rapidly changing demographic landscape. As President Lyndon Johnson once famously said, previewing Trump’s strategy: “If you can convince the lowest white man he’s better than the best colored man, he won’t notice you’re picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he’ll empty his pockets for you.”

In other words, Trump and the GOP surmise that their best shot at hanging on to white voters who are nervous about Trump’s extremism is to remind them that they’re far and away superior to those ‘Democrats who live in hell holes and shoot each other.’

He’s selling the prestige of belonging to a political party that is greater than 90% white not because of overt prejudice, but simply because you’re too smart and sophisticated to vote the same way ‘Democrats who live in hell holes and shoot each other’ do.

Notice the sleight of hand. It’s a trick that’s been passed down for the last fifty years of Republican politics, ushered in by Goldwater, but carried forward by Nixon, Reagan, G.H.W. Bush, and the last three Republican nominees for president. The goal is to place the blame for the detrimental outcomes of Republican austerity on the people who suffer greatest from it — namely Black Americans.

There is no shortage of data outlining the generational effects of housing and hiring discrimination on the current socioeconomic status and geography of Black Americans. Beyond that, any honest accounting of the 2008 recession reveals how effective GOP malfeasance has been at wiping out much of the economic gains made by Black Americans during the economic boom of Bill Clinton’s presidency.

In truth, the last fifty years of Republican public policy have worked in direct opposition to the advances spurred by the 1964 Civil Rights Act and 1965 Voting Rights Act, as well as the Black Americans who reliably vote Democratic because of them. They’ve also worked in unprecedented obstruction of the first Black American president, whose economic recovery has cut the Black unemployment rate nearly in half since 2011.

Ultimately, Trump has no better pitch than explaining away his 0% Black support as a failure of the Black psyche, rather than a multigenerational failure of the Republican Party.

Rest assured Black voters know the difference, because for us, not knowing has always meant the prospect of losing everything.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13633,Dept of Energy Loan Program that Funded Solyndra Set to Profit Over $5 Billion for US,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107338,Leon Panetta Either Has a Very Short Memory or He's That Hipster Everyone Hates,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23902,Pew Report Shows More Mexicans Leaving US Than Coming In,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23870,Bill O’Reilly Wants You to Feel Bad for Rich People Like Bill O’Reilly,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23884,"Why Are ""Urban"" Kids Excluded From Summer School Meals Program In The GOP Budget?",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107224,"Hundreds of Thousands Call for Action on Climate, But Deniers Aren’t Going Anywhere",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79402,"In today’s bizarro world news, Morning Joe vigorously defends Trump’s disgusting objectification of women, with panelist Donny Deutsch calling him a feminist and saying he isn’t as bad as some CEOs.

If you believe that our national media have the public interest at heart, think again. Election 2016 coverage is all about agendas and personal vendettas. In the case of Morning Joe, their singular mission is to undermine Hillary’s candidacy.

That they have failed so miserably only makes them double down further. Today we have another glaring example, with a panel discussion so outlandish we had to clip it to be sure it was real.

Mika Brzezinski, who is determined to take Maureen Dowd’s mantle as chief Hillary basher, attacked Hillary’s marriage and argued that her personal issues were much worse than Trump’s problem with women.

Donny Deutsch, with a straight face, called Trump a feminist for only being demeaning to women some of the time, not all the time like other CEOs.

Somewhere in Fox News headquarters, executives are laughing.

See for yourself (and make sure you do it on an empty stomach):",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23921,Kirsten Gillibrand: If the NFL Had Women in Leadership the Rice Issue Would Have Been Different,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13651,When Do We Start Comparing Benghazi Committee to Watergate?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93124,"There are no words to describe my shock at reading this:

Cleveland wants the estate of Tamir Rice to pay for the boy’s ambulance ride and medical services he received after he was shot by a city police officer.

Recall, Tamir Rice is the 12-year-old who was gunned down by police for holding a toy gun. The video looks like a drive-by shooting. The treatment of his sister in the aftermath of the killing was reprehensible.

An injustice compounded by a travesty. What an outrage.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93119,"What “revolution” means to different Democratic voters, and why incrementalism isn’t incompatible with the notion of revolution.

The word “revolution” has been a prominent fixture of this election. There are voters talking about revolution, candidates talking about revolution, media talking about voters and candidates who are talking about revolution.

Rarely, however, is there a clear definition of what revolution means, exactly. To some people, it means breaking up the banks. To others, it means making America great again. To still others, it means electing a history-making candidate.

On the Democratic side of the aisle, there is a particular disagreement about “revolution”—how it’s defined and how it’s best enacted—that has come to be framed as those who want revolution (generally Sanders supporters) and those who don’t want revolution (generally Clinton supporters).

But that is a false dichotomy, one that unnecessarily segments progressive voters in ways that could be detrimental to our common interests; a misleading division born of and facilitated by a profound misunderstanding of why some Democratic voters, eager for change, may quite reasonably embrace a more measured and incrementalist approach.

Much to the confoundment of a number of Sanders supporters, and even key members of his campaign team, Bernie Sanders’ message of revolution—which, while nebulously defined, centers more on an upending of the system, rather than a refinement of it—has largely failed to resonate with black voters.

But not just black voters: non-black voters in red states have joined with black voters to deliver crucial victories to Hillary Clinton across the Southern US, especially white voters from marginalized communities.

This is the Obama Coalition—and their support for Clinton is variously explained by citing her embrace of President Obama’s policies and by writing off voters in those states as too conservative to appreciate Sanders’ big ideas.

While the former is certainly impactful, and the latter is just demeaning hokum, neither gets to a crucial truth about many of these voters: The prospect of revolution, and the notions of monumental, sudden, chaotic change it conjures, can be utterly unappealing to people desperately longing for comfort and stability.

This is an idea with roots in black anti-poverty activism, whose activists have detailed that, for many people living on the precipice, the idea of revolution can be nothing short of terrifying. People struggling to find money to keep themselves fed may be justifiably wary of the consequences of economic tumult for those already in financially precarious circumstances. People whose communities are under constant assault from police, corporations, and gentrifiers may be justifiably anxious about the prospect of further civil turmoil.

Like black communities, other marginalized communities may have members who regard the specter of revolution with fear and suspicion. And with good reason: Revolution is not always kind to the vulnerable people.

At least not the kind of tumultuous, upending revolution being proposed by people who don’t view Clinton’s incrementalist, within-the-system approach as deserving of being called a revolution at all.

But how we view revolution often has a lot of do with from where we come.

Ginger McKnight-Chavers is a Generation X Black woman, a Texas transplant to New York City, who graduated from Harvard Law School and practiced law for many years before becoming a writer and political consultant. [Full Disclosure: She is one of my colleagues at BNR.]

Like any voter, she speaks for her own, individual lived experiences, and is not a representative of a monolithic voting bloc. Her particular background, as a Black woman from a red state, informs her view about why it is that many of us from marginalized communities in red states favor a “revolutionary” approach that is inherently more cautious, but no less desirous of radical change.

“A discomfort with revolution is not necessarily passivity,” says McKnight-Chavers. “With respect to African-American people, we’re not monolithic by any stretch. But there is a sense of pragmatism in the way many of us approach politics that arises from needing real solutions to problems. We don’t necessarily want to overthrow the system—we want the system to work for us. We want to turn on the faucet and be able to drink the water. We want our communities to be safe and clean. We want affordable healthcare. We want jobs. We want the criminal justice system to work for us instead of against us. We don’t necessarily disagree with elements of the anti-Wall Street push. We don’t see it as a zero sum game; we’re just more concerned about our own streets. And to be frank, many of us want the opportunity to be part of a fair capitalist system. We want to see people like us on Wall Street and in the capital markets, so that perhaps some of that capital will make its way into our communities.”

There is a particular sort of privilege, easily and widely taken for granted, in being able to turn on the faucet and drink the water. To know that, despite other problems in a broken system, you reliably have access to clean water. To know that your basic physical safety and essential rights are not social and political footballs.

Marginalized people, especially those who live in states with legislatures governed by a Republican majority, are thrown into constant chaos by abortion restrictions, “religious liberty” bills, “trans bathroom” bills, housing and employment discrimination, voter disenfranchisement, and all the other political tug-of-war we are obliged to navigate, in addition to social oppression and a ceaseless onslaught of microaggressions that can leave us reeling.

Those same things also make us urgent for change, but it disposes many of us toward an incrementalist approach, as opposed to the lurching upheaval of revolution.

It is a privilege, in many ways, to be able to “think big.” To have the space and safety where one can imagine seismic shifts that don’t come with the risk of falling off the edge. We don’t all have that luxury.

Which is not to suggest that marginalized people don’t desperately long for change. The greater the cavernous divide between reliable drinking water from the kitchen tap and having to bathe your child in bottled water, the more fervent that desire for change is.

McKnight-Chavers notes that “revolution” is not the same thing as protest. “Marginalized people regularly protest and speak out against injustice,” she says. Incrementalism is often misrepresented as complacency, but that mischaracterization elides the reasons that many marginalized people have for their abundance of caution.

“The Reagan-Bush-Bush years did a number on our community,” says McKnight-Chavers. “From a pragmatic perspective, a lot of Black folks don’t think Bernie can be elected and can’t afford for the Democrats to lose this race. Secondly, the talk of overturning President Obama’s healthcare and other policies is seen as disrespectful and unnecessary. We want improvements and forward progress, not an overthrow.”

In blue states and spaces where the Democratic Party is not as progressive as many of its constituents, the Party can seem almost quaint to its most privileged voters. It’s easier to be contemptuous of the Democrats when one lives in a state, or municipality, where they have a comfortable governing majority.

People who live in red states, however, may rightly view the Democrats as the only thing standing between them (with varying degrees of passion and efficacy) and the complete annihilation of voters’ rights by Republican-majority state legislatures.

The Democratic Party, for all its perceived and actual flaws, means a lot to people in red states. Like in Indiana and Wisconsin, where Democratic state legislatures left the states and went into hiding to try to stop Republicans from running roughshod over voters’ rights and needs.

Many marginalized people in red states depend on the Democratic Party in ways that privileged people in true blue states don’t need to. They (we) don’t have the luxury of being contemptuous of the Democratic Party for not being as progressive as we might like them to be, because marginalized people’s basic rights are constantly under assault.

There are certainly a number of people who voted for Clinton in Southern states who appreciate and value Sanders’ critiques of corporate corruption, yet bristle at his disdain for establishment politics. In those states, the near-total lack of progressive infrastructure means that the Democratic Party—the establishment—is the only well-funded institution prepared to hold the line against conservative oppression.

A revolution that includes the decimation of establishment politics risks leaving many Democratic voters in red states without any functional defense at all.

The truth is, the framing of this election as those who are desirous of revolution and those who are not entirely misses that the real distinction is about strategy. Everyone wants meaningful change: The real disagreement is just about how best to achieve it.

As we near a general election in which the two camps need to find a way to come together, this point must be made clear. Incrementalism is not a rejection of revolution, and it is certainly not indicative of indifference. It would be a mistake to misinterpret as indifference what is in reality a calculated caution.

A greater sensitivity to those considerations may reveal that supporters of both approaches have more in common than some of them might imagine.

(AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93173,"California Governor Jerry Brown has written An Open Letter to California Democrats and Independents in which he endorses Hillary for president ahead of his state’s primary, reminding voters that she will be the nominee and is the clear favorite of Democratic voters.

This is a terrific and important endorsement for Hillary a week out from the California primary. Brown is not only the governor of the state, but himself a former presidential candidate who, in 1992, ran a campaign not dissimilar from Bernie’s campaign.

Brown views Hillary as best positioned to defeat Donald Trump, and, crucially, the favorite of the people.

“Clinton’s lead,” writes Brown, “is insurmountable and Democrats have shown—by millions of votes—that they want her as their nominee.”

He, too, wants her as his nominee, noting that she “has convincingly made the case that she knows how to get things done and has the tenacity and skill to advance the Democratic agenda.”

But, most importantly, she can defeat Donald, who Brown rightly notes poses an imminent threat to the country, in multiple ways, from his climate change denial to his bigotry to his support for nuclear proliferation.

“The stakes couldn’t be higher,” Brown writes. “Next January, I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office, not Donald Trump.”

You and me both, Governor!

Already, Brown is getting an enormous amount of pushback on social media from Bernie supporters for endorsing Hillary over Bernie. For those who weren’t alive, or don’t remember, or weren’t paying attention in 1992, suffice it to say that Brown is hardly unsympathetic to or insufficiently supportive of the ideas Bernie has presented in his campaign.

But now Brown will be summarily dismissed like Tom Hayden, Dolores Huerta, Planned Parenthood, John Lewis, Barney Frank, and an ever-growing list of progressives who are written off as shills, sell-outs, know-nothings, and don’t-matters, all because they have chosen to support Hillary over Bernie.

As Peter Daou wrote: “That these progressive icons should endure insults and attacks for supporting Hillary—or not endorsing Bernie—is a travesty.”

But it won’t be their reputations left in tatters, in the end. Like all the others, Brown will come out just fine, as well he should.

Good for him, and congratulations to Hillary for receiving his endorsement.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93187,"At BNR, we’ve argued that Bernie’s path to salvaging his personal brand is to help Hillary defeat Trump. There have been encouraging hints that he gets it. But now ABC’s “This Week” teases an upcoming interview in which Bernie tells host George Stephanopoulos that voting for Hillary vs. Trump would be “voting for the lesser of two evils.”

When Stephanopoulos asks Bernie if “the lesser of two evils” is how he’s describing voting for Hillary, Bernie deflects, saying it’s not him saying that, but “the American people.” It is truly unreal that, at this point in the campaign, Bernie is calling the Democratic frontrunner “evil.” And despite his protestations to the contrary, it is indeed him saying that.

Watch:



[Transcript available at end of post.]

Three million more people have voted for Hillary than have voted for Bernie, and she has high levels of enthusiasm among her supporters. We don’t think she is “evil.” His contention that “the American people” speak with one voice about Hillary, in order to justify his ugly characterization of her, is deeply deceptive.

Further, as we have previously pointed out in this space—and will no doubt be obliged to keep pointing out—Trump has a high unfavorable rating because of what kind of person he is and the things he has actually done, while Hillary’s high unfavorables are largely a function of nearly three decades of persistent negative media narratives with their roots in both classism and misogyny.

Bernie is not a stupid man. He knows this. And yet he is willing to cynically and opportunistically conceal this false equivalence while in the next breath asserting that he’s running a campaign that centers justice.

That is some breathtaking irony, right there.

And let us not fail to acknowledge that there is a particular gendered context to calling a woman “evil” that simply doesn’t exist for men. His words, which he disclaims as his own, invoke ancient narratives about women which have underwritten the seething hatred directed at Hillary—and her female supporters, in particular—by many of his supporters.

He caps off a week in which he has failed to meaningfully address the attacks on and threats against female Democratic officials by using language that demonizes women.

Frankly, at this point, that rhetoric can no longer be dismissed as mere carelessness. It’s unforgivable.

Bernie knows better. And Democrats deserve better.

Transcript:

Sanders: We need a campaign—an election—coming up which does not have two candidates who are really very, very strongly disliked. I don’t wanna see the American people voting for the lesser of two evils. I want the American people to be voting for a vision of economic justice, of social justice, of environmental justice, of racial justice. That is the campaign we are running, and that’s why we are getting the support we are.”



Stephanopoulos: Is that how you would describe Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump—as the lesser of two evils?



Sanders: Well, if you look— No, I wouldn’t describe it, but that’s what the American people are saying. If you look at the favorability ratings of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, both of them have very, very high unfavorables.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13625,Dumb Tweet of the Day: Donald Trump Is a Terrible Human Being,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107140,A Look At the Motor That Runs Many Dems' Fundraising Machines,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6840,"“When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights, are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism, and militarism are incapable of being conquered.”

— Martin Luther King, Jr. in “Beyond Vietnam: A Time To Break Silence”

To some Americans, the observance of Martin Luther King’s birthday is just another day off from work or school, maybe a day to check out the sales. Even those who think they know about King are only familiar with the vaguely anodyne, non-violent version of the civil rights leader that pervades our public space.

But he was so much larger than that.

He was a minister, yes. But his crusade was about what, in Christian theology, is called a “seamless garment” of justice and compassion — you can’t just focus on the threads that are easy or convenient. “Love thy neighbor” sounds nice, until it requires you to assess your own place in oppressing your neighbor, and that’s what King’s moral authority demanded of us. It wasn’t enough to allow black Americans into schools and offices. We had to look at the ripple America created throughout the world, the effect our easy sense of superiority had on our conscience.

King was a critic of American materialism, and the kind of capitalism that fed war instead of children. “What good is having the right to sit at a lunch counter if you can’t afford to buy a hamburger?” he famously said of the Greensboro lunch counter sit-ins. It was enough to worry then-FBI Director Herbert Hoover, who called him a “communist,” a threat to national security.

His “Mountaintop” speech, given on April 3rd, 1968, was the last speech of his life:

And then I got into Memphis. And some began to say the threats, or talk about the threats that were out. What would happen to me from some of our sick white brothers?

Well, I don’t know what will happen now. We’ve got some difficult days ahead. But it really doesn’t matter with me now, because I’ve been to the mountaintop.

And I don’t mind.

Like anybody, I would like to live a long life. Longevity has its place. But I’m not concerned about that now. I just want to do God’s will. And He’s allowed me to go up to the mountain. And I’ve looked over. And I’ve seen the Promised Land. I may not get there with you. But I want you to know tonight, that we, as a people, will get to the promised land!

And so I’m happy, tonight.

I’m not worried about anything.

I’m not fearing any man!

Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord!

His friend Benjamin Hooks talked about King’s own reaction.

“To my surprise, when I got a little closer, I saw tears streaming down his face,” Mr. Hook said in a speech a decade later. “Grown men were sitting there weeping openly because of the power of this man who spoke on that night.”

King pierced the American consciousness in a way few had done, or have done since. Today, we honor his legacy.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107219,Brad Pitt Gets Punched in the Face on Red Carpet,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79398,"Donald Trump admits what most sentient Americans know: The media have flogged Hillary’s emails so obsessively that no one cares anymore.

Buried in another piece of Trump stenography by Hillary detractor Patrick Healy is this gem:

Mr. Trump said he could not “spend more than five minutes talking about her emails at my rallies, because people will lose interest, and you have to talk about other things to keep their attention.”

Setting aside the kid gloves with which Healy treats Trump’s fake “pivot” in his latest NY Times story, let’s unpack that one comment.

Trump is conceding the obvious: Hillary’s use of a private email account is the most over-hyped political story of the decade, perhaps of the century.

That’s not hyperbole. Our team took to Lexis Nexis, TVEyes, and Google and came back with a staggering, though unsurprising, conclusion:

Hillary’s “damn emails” (to quote Bernie Sanders) have been mentioned in the mainstream media every single day of 2016. And every single day going back a full year.

We’re talking big media outlets, not blogs or local papers: AP, CNN, CNBC, Fox News, New York Times, Washington Post, etc. And more often than not there were multiple mentions across the national media on a given day.

To this moment, the issue is still being treated as major news by our national press.

I’ve postulated a counter-intuitive take on the emails, namely that every day the story is covered is a day Hillary is winning. Here’s how I argued that point on August 18:

A recent Monmouth poll found that 63% of Americans are tired of hearing about Hillary’s emails.

There was always going to be something Hillary’s opponents tried to derail her with, something the national media would latch onto and refuse to let go.

It could have been a dozen other trumped-up issues. It ended up being the emails. So be it.

As we head into the fall, there’s little doubt that the emails will be flogged by Hillary’s detractors every day for the remainder of the election. But does that actually hurt her? Or does it help?

Consider that the comprehensive FBI investigation led to no evidence or accusation of intentional wrongdoing on her part, nor any charges of misconduct. And consider that despite month after month of emails, emails, emails, Hillary is in a strong position to win in November.

Now why should we assume that hammering the email story for the remaining days of the campaign will somehow magically accomplish what an entire year of relentless coverage hasn’t been able to do?

This may sound counter-intuitive but it’s a logical conclusion from the facts: Every day Hillary’s opponents flog her emails is a day she’s winning.

Simply because it’s a day they’re not landing any serious blows on anything else.

So keep at the emails, Hillary critics. And we’ll see how far the issue gets you on Election Day.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23862,The Sentencing of the Boston Marathon Bomber Is a Test of Our Integrity,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
543,"On August 13 and 14, Peter Daou laid out a theory of Trump’s (non)campaign as explicitly fomenting a white nationalist awakening. His theory has been confirmed by news that a Trump campaign shake-up includes hiring Breitbart’s Stephen Bannon as chief executive of his campaign.

Stephen Bannon, who was profiled by Bloomberg under the ominous headline “This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America,” is the executive chair of conservative media outlet Breitbart News – which has, under Bannon’s leadership, effectively become the media arm of the alt-right.

Simultaneously, Breitbart has become what even some of its former employees describe as “something of a Trump propaganda outlet.” (Almost exactly a year ago, Bannon was denying pay-for-play rumors about Trump and Breitbart.)

Bannon has overseen the confluence of Breitbart becoming an aggressively pro-Trump outlet and becoming an unapologetically white nationalist space, in which racism, nativism, Islamophobia, and anti-Semitism form a toxic stew of white supremacist hatred, commingling with the favorite conservative bailiwicks of misogyny and queerphobia.

Bannon not only brings with him his entire media empire of seething bigotry, but a connection to some of the large conservative donors who have not been disposed to support Trump directly. Via the Government Accountability Institute, which Bannon co-founded and serves as executive chair, Trump now has connections to, among others, one of the GAI’s largest funders – “Donors’ Trust, the Koch-founded and operated political slush fund through which donations are laundered and sent to various organizations” who support their agenda.

The GAI does “investigations,” as does Bannon’s media property Breitbart, targeting anyone who is seen an “enemy” of the white nationalist agenda – including Republicans viewed as insufficiently sympathetic to their radical ideals and left-leaning organizations whose missions center on empowering people of color and/or women.

It is not an overstatement to say that Bannon is the most prominent mainstreamer of white nationalism in the country today. And now he is running Trump’s campaign.

“Buckle up,” was the message a Trump strategist texted to The Washington Post.

In other words: Get ready for an escalation of what the Trump campaign has already become.

Trump’s entry into the political sphere was as a town crier of birtherism against President Obama. His opening salvo when he announced his candidacy was declaring undocumented Mexican immigrants to be rapists, who should be contained behind a border wall. And he careened at full speed through the last year and a half with a hideous litany delivered under the dog whistle “Make America Great Again.”

His Alex Jones-style conspiracy-mongering; his meticulously crafted words of incitement and exhortations to violence; his attacks on a federal judge; his description of President Obama as a terrorist (the “founder of ISIS”); his birtherism; his retweets of neo-Nazis; his eliminationist language toward Hillary Clinton; his fierce misogyny and indifference to sexual harassment; his feud with the Khan family; his Muslim ban; his use of anti-Semitic symbols; his embrace of torture; his capriciousness about the proliferation and use of nuclear weapons; his praise for dictators; his flirtations with Putin; his welcoming of Russian cyber-espionage; his undiluted xenophobia; his racist dog whistles (“look at my African-American”); his infamous border wall and relentless anti-Mexican bigotry; his claims of a “rigged” election; his unconcealed calls for voter intimidation; his refusal to disavow ties to white supremacists.

And now comes his hiring of Bannon, overseer of an incubator of white nationalist extremism.

It is no coincidence that white nationalism is going mainstream, ushered to new visibility and prominence by the Republican Party nominee, in this moment.

We sit at a historical pivot point – at the end of the presidency of our nation’s first Black president and on the precipice of the likely presidency of our nation’s first woman president. White nationalism is about maintaining white supremacy; it is also, and equally, about maintaining male supremacy. The patriarchy and white power have always coexisted, reinforcing each other in a recursive loop to uphold the dominance of white males in America.

The Republican Party has spent decades mastering the exploitation of fear and bigotry, while pretending they weren’t. They winked at white nationalists, even as they publicly disavowed them – and now those restless chickens are coming home to roost.

Trump is not an anomaly; he was an inevitability.

Trump spent Tuesday night giving a “law and order” speech in a suburb of Milwaukee, portraying it as Black outreach to conceal his true intentions to casual observers, despite the fact that he was over 40 miles away from Milwaukee, in a district that is 95% white and less than 1% Black. (Trump has refused invitations to speak to the NAACP, or any other gathering of Black people.)

His address, in which he called for more policing (while Milwaukee residents protest police violence) was a familiar dog whistle used to appeal to white people whose outrage about crime (while crime is decreasing) he has mendaciously fomented.

Trump’s gross rhetorical display included a chant of “America First” and culminated with classic code words for white nationalism: “This is it. This is our last chance to take back power from the people who have taken it away from you.”

Chilling.

This is a dark moment in American history: The extreme right has now officially taken over the Republican Party, and the GOP nominee is now openly running a campaign geared toward mainstreaming white nationalism.

It’s more crucial than ever to defeat Trump in November, along with everything he now consciously and purposely represents.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13634,Feminists Create Video to Flip the Script on Trolls,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6861,"Sen. Lindsey Graham on Friday called on all fellow Ted Cruz-hating Republicans to join him in supporting the Texas Republican’s candidacy. “If I can do it, anybody can do it,” he said. Clearly, Republicans who are appalled by Donald Trump aren’t flocking to Cruz out of love for his personality.

Republicans don’t like Ted Cruz. That’s pretty apparent. But at the same time, they can also read poll numbers, and Donald Trump isn’t exactly giving them a sanguine feeling about their chances of winning the White House.

Many Republicans are openly holding their noses and pledging to support Ted Cruz for president, hoping that he at least has a fighting chance (his numbers aren’t great either). But let’s be clear, these Republicans coming out in support of Cruz aren’t exactly endorsing him. They’re simply saying they’ll vote for him because he’s a Republican and he isn’t Donald Trump.

Sen. Lindsey Graham’s “support” for Cruz is the best example of this conundrum and is probably the most well known. He famously joked that you could murder the Texas Republican on the floor of the Senate, and if the trial was held there, no one would convict.

But Graham is now on the Cruz train. Having once described the choice between Cruz or Trump as akin to “being shot or poisoned,” Graham recently concluded: “Well, Donald is like being shot in the head. You might find an antidote to poisoning.”

Some of his colleagues aren’t so blunt, but it’s clear they too are having a tough time coming around on Cruz.

Earlier this week, Sen. Ron Johnson, who’s in a tight re-election battle in Wisconsin, said he can’t bring himself to endorse Cruz or Trump, but said he would support the nominee. When asked what his concerns about Trump were, Johnson had no problem citing Trump’s plan to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico. But then, when asked if he wanted to air any concerns about Cruz, he replied with a chuckle, “Not particularly,” as if to be holding back a flood of criticism. “From my standpoint, I like the Ronald Reagan 11th commandment. Speak no ill,” he said.

Then there is Sen. James Risch of Idaho, who said on CNN this week that he can’t support Trump. The math doesn’t favor Kasich, he noted, “so by a process of elimination, that gets you to Cruz. … At this point there’s no choice.”

Republican South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, who previously endorsed Marco Rubio, will also begrudgingly support Cruz. She said she’s praying Cruz can “get where he needs to go” and, like some of the others, doesn’t feel the “need to formally endorse” him.

Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) on the other hand, who’s also facing a close re-election, “told supporters at a campaign fundraiser for his own re-election that he would vote for liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders for president before Cruz,” and, he “did not appear to be joking,” according to the AP. Burr demanded a retraction to the story, but the AP is standing by it. Burr has since said he’ll support the GOP nominee.

(AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23908,The Brutal Death of Walter Scott: Black Lives Still Don't Matter Enough to Police,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93103,"Former New York Times editor Jill Abramson writes that Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest.

One of the most intractable narratives of this election—and certainly around Hillary Clinton’s whole public career—is that she is dishonest. Untrustworthy. There’s just something about her…

As my colleague Peter Daou has observed, Hillary is one of the most ethical (and lied about) political leaders in the nation, and also the most truthful in the 2016 field of candidates.

The only way this mendacious caricature of Hillary works is because the corporate media continue to promulgate it, trading on decades of negative framing ushered into the public conversation in breathless reporting on faux scandals, vague conspiracies, and dead-end investigations.

The media and commentariat’s compulsion to chase down every whiff of impropriety around Hillary, no matter whence it emanates, and to treat conservative fringe conspiracies and manifestly partisan attacks as legitimate stories deserving of detailed analysis, has created enough smoke that some voters reflexively assume there must be a fire.

But there is no fire. There is only a smoke machine.

In the Guardian, former executive editor of the New York Times Jill Abramson details having been a reporter and editor who has thoroughly investigated Hillary for decades, and has come to this conclusion: “Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest and trustworthy.”

She is also, writes Abramson, mistrustful of the press. And with good reason.

For decades she’s been portrayed as a Lady Macbeth involved in nefarious plots, branded as “a congenital liar” and accused of covering up her husband’s misconduct, from Arkansas to Monica Lewinsky. Some of this is sexist caricature. Some is stoked by the “Hillary is a liar” videos that flood Facebook feeds. Some of it she brings on herself by insisting on a perimeter or “zone of privacy” that she protects too fiercely. It’s a natural impulse, given the level of scrutiny she’s attracted, more than any male politician I can think of.

Abramson continues:

Colin Diersing, a former student of mine who is a leader of Harvard’s Institute of Politics, thinks a gender-related double standard gets applied to Clinton. “We expect purity from women candidates,” he said. When she behaves like other politicians or changes positions, “it’s seen as dishonest”, he adds. CBS anchor Scott Pelley seemed to prove Diersing’s point when he asked Clinton: “Have you always told the truth?” She gave an honest response, “I’ve always tried to, always. Always.” Pelley said she was leaving “wiggle room”. What politician wouldn’t?

There is a particular game that the media play with Hillary—if she makes herself, her documents, her private life, her thoughts available, they are infinitesimally scrutinized for anything that can be used against her, no matter how cynically.

And if she insists, after being routinely held to these impossible standards, on some level of privacy, or answers guardedly, or couches her thoughts in caveats and avoids absolutes, then she is accused of hiding something.

Reveal yourself and be damned. Conceal yourself and be damned. These are the rules of the unwinnable game that the media force Hillary to play.

This is the smoke machine, operating on maximum power.

There is no fire. There is only the white hot intensity of burning disgust felt by anyone who is paying attention to this awful and unjust dynamic.

It would be merely indecent if the public commentators who engage in this swill were attacking any old public figure this way, but to direct it at a presidential candidate during a presidential election with such grave consequences is breathtakingly irresponsible.

And, one might argue, pretty darn dishonest.

(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107281,Meet Willie Mims. The Reason We Need the Voting Rights Act,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107268,Forget the Homophobic Pizzeria Zach Braff & Donald Faison Will Make Pizza for Your Gay Wedding,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107274,This is The Only Bipartisan Issue in Congress,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23886,"Jeb Bush Hides Behind Troops, Won't Say Whether He Would've Invaded Iraq",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13595,"What Donald Trump Said Insults Every Member of the Military, Past and Present",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93149,"So well, so very, very well. Stepping up and defending #Hillary from lies and smears is something I'm proud of. https://t.co/yuJT7H2zdz — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) March 15, 2016

Of all the twists and turns in the 2016 election, one of the strangest is the ongoing effort to bully, shame, and intimidate anyone who expresses support for the actual front-runner in the Democratic primary.

Some people have imbibed the anti-Hillary narratives so thoroughly that they actually think others should be ashamed of supporting one of the most exceptional candidates ever to seek the presidency.

One of my favorite moments of the election cycle is Morgan Freeman’s calm and collected slap-down of what he called the “hogwash” about Hillary’s reported trust problem. Asked directly whether she has a trust issue, his answer was classic: “Not with me she doesn’t.”

Freeman isn’t alone. As I wrote yesterday, numerous public figures and organizations have expressed their trust for Hillary. That list includes President Obama, John Lewis, Emily’s List, Lilly Ledbetter, Dolores Huerta, Jim Clyburn, Planned Parenthood, Human Rights Campaign, Julian Castro, Brady Campaign, Eric Holder, League of Conservation Voters, Tammy Baldwin, Kirsten Gillibrand, Claire McCaskill, Cory Booker, Sheila Jackson Lee, Bernice King, and countless more.

More than 8.5 million voters have expressed their trust by voting for Hillary. That’s more than any other candidate in the race, Democrat or Republican.

And in Bernie Sanders’s case, there’s this:

Bernie had the opportunity to vote against Hillary’s nomination for Secretary of State. (After all, he voted against Tim Geithner for Treasury Secretary). Instead, he voted to confirm her, an affirmation of his trust in her ability to represent America to the world. In other words, Bernie trusts Hillary.

I shared my reasons for my unwavering pro-Hillary advocacy in a recent piece: As I see it, there is no half-hearted defense of women’s rights. You either stand up for what you believe in or you don’t. In the case of the vitriol directed at Hillary — so much of it gender-based — I try to imagine my daughter, sister, wife or mother in Hillary’s position and ask myself what I’d do if they were subjected to the same venomous slander, the same unhinged, unprovoked and unwarranted scorn, the same double standard. The answer is clear.

Contrary to the straw man I’m confronted with daily, this is not about issues and not about overwrought accusations of sexism. I have absolutely no problem with people vehemently disagreeing with Hillary’s positions. I disagree with her on several things, from her AUMF vote to drones to fracking. I was upset by her comment on Nancy Reagan and AIDS and I’m glad she apologized for it. She is by no means perfect. No one is.

But I won’t let the perfect be the enemy of the exceptional. And make no mistake, Hillary is an exceptional human being and an exceptional candidate. She is by far the best positioned in this race to advance the progressive agenda and she is nothing like the caricature painted of her.

I find it mystifying when people imply that I overdo my support for her. How much is too much when you’re defending someone’s integrity from unfair and unjust attacks? Someone you know and have worked for, someone you admire and respect.

Yes, I sleep very well at night knowing I’ve done my best to elect America’s first woman president, one who has the strength, wisdom and experience to make my daughter’s world a better place.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13603,"If GM Were a Person, Would You Have Him Over for Thanksgiving?",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23912,Gabby Giffords’s Gun Reform Message Now Playing in New Hampshire,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107233,Being Not-So-Married in Oklahoma Finally Comes to an End,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79418,"One of the biggest tests of being president is having the patience and discipline to wait for the facts. Donald Trump failed that test by jumping to conclusions on the crash of EgyptAir Flight 804.

Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 19, 2016

The colossal irresponsibility of jumping the gun on the cause of this tragedy is mind-numbing. https://t.co/n0ODxFRV8u — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) May 19, 2016

Trump blamed terrorism for the EgyptAir Flight 804 crash even though authorities are still investigating the crash. https://t.co/42onb9vHkb — Eugene Scott (@Eugene_Scott) May 19, 2016

Being president requires you to be the adult in the room, not the person who tries to whip up fear and anger — not to mention using an international tragedy as a vainglorious opportunity to score political points. As Donald Trump should already know, casual comments by the president have profound real-world consequences.

We do not know if the crash of EgyptAir Flight 804 was a terrorist act. The facts are not in. We do know it is a tragedy for the victims and their families. The appropriate (and presidential) response is to express condolences and to wait for an investigation — even if just a preliminary one — before jumping to conclusions.

But Trump is all about the politics and about the fear.

In that regard, it’s worth highlighting a statement from Hillary’s campaign chair, John Podesta, on Trump’s recklessness:

In this week alone, Donald Trump has jeopardized relations with a close ally before setting foot overseas; talked about building a relationship with a reckless dictator; called two diverse American cities more dangerous than war zones like Iraq; and released a list of suggested Supreme Court nominees that includes no people of color, but does include a judge who upheld a law requiring doctors to use scare tactics to impede reproductive rights and another judge who equated homosexual sex to ‘bestiality,​’ ‘pedophilia’ and ​’​necrophilia.’ And it’s only Wednesday. … Donald Trump is a risk we can’t afford.

That’s the truth.

[Peter Daou contributed to this article.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13661,"#BorshunHistory: Tell Your Story, Take Your Power Back",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23769,"During a press conference in Poland, President Obama was asked to address what he imagined his legacy would be on racial justice. He said he will leave that to the historians, but spoke about what he has tried to do, speaking with a voice that is true.

“More than anything, what I hope is that my voice has tried to get all of us, as Americans, to understand the difficult legacy of race; to encourage people to listen to each other; to recognize that the legacy of slavery and Jim Crow and discrimination didn’t suddenly vanish with the passage of the Civil Rights Act, or the Voting Rights Act, or the election of Barack Obama; that things have gotten better, substantially better, but that we’ve still got a lot more work to do… We plant seeds, and somebody else maybe sits under the shade of the tree that we planted.”

Watch:

POTUS: The legacy of slavey and Jim Crow and discrimination didn’t vanish with the election of Barack Obama https://t.co/oGYj6vbhlI — Eugene Scott (@Eugene_Scott) July 9, 2016

It is, of course, one of the bitterest circumstances of President Obama’s presidency that systemic and relentlessly expressed racism has created enormous difficulties for him in being able to speak as frankly and passionately about racial injustice as he certainly would have liked.

But he has planted seeds. In the shade of whose emergent trees others will sit one day.

(AP Photo)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13662,A Campaign Ad That Can’t Be Real…Even The GOP Isn’t This Low Down and Dirty,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23743,"In a stunning development that could upend the 2016 election, Donald Trump and his cohorts have revealed the shocking truth: Hillary Clinton is not a robot. She is actually a human being who uses pillows, sits on stools, and yes, sleeps.

Initial evidence of the jarring discovery that Hillary is human emerged when pictures of her sitting on a stool began to surface on social media. The 68-year-old, who has been cross-country campaigning for 16 months, has long been presumed to be a robot, due to her superhuman stamina and capacity to withstand relentless verbal assaults while smashing huge barriers.

But in recent weeks, undercover photographers – including those masquerading as official photogs from her own campaign – have captured images of Hillary sitting. Sometimes for as long as minutes.

In one instance, she was caught sitting for eleven straight hours!

It has also been revealed by enterprising investigators that Hillary likes pillows. Specifically, leaning on them. Contacted for comment, the Pillowton Institute confirmed that, in fact, many humans do enjoy the comfort of pillows. Meanwhile, the R2 Center for Robotics affirmed that robots are typically not known to be aficionados of pillows, given “their lack of sensory perception and indifference to fluffy surfaces.”

Over the past 48 hours, rumors have begun to circulate that Hillary spends several hours every day sleeping, which gives further credibility to the emergent presumption that she is human.

And the evidence that she is not a robot reached critical mass when these photos went viral:

Guy Brosef, founder of Hillary Haters, Inc., who later left the group to work for Breitbart.com, said that the new development proves what he has been saying for years: “I always knew Hillary was a liar when she claimed to be a robot. Robots don’t breathe and I’ve seen her breathing (and even drinking water) in debates.”

[Editor Fact-Check: Hillary has never asserted that she is a robot. She has, however, not denied that she is a robot, either.]

Iconic reporter Bob Dillwood, equally known for investigative journalism that has taken down presidents and for policing women’s tones, was dubious.

He is not, however, inclined to further question this emerging story. “Nah, I’m good,” he said in a statement. “If honest Donald says she’s human, who am I to doubt him?”

Now that Trump, Hillary Haters, Inc. and affiliated organizations have exposed Hillary as an actual human being, they are quickly formulating a strategy to exploit this new revelation. An anonymous source familiar with the planning suggests that the new approach will center on exposing that Hillary is a woman, thus undermining her value as a human being.

Among the new attack targets being developed: Her voice, her hair, her clothes, her age, her likability, her laugh, her smile, her ambition, her marriage, her charitable work and her authenticity.

It’s worth noting that an alternate theory is making the rounds that Hillary is neither robot nor human, but a devil or some sort of hybrid monster-liar heretofore presumed to be mythical — a theory, it should be noted, favored by the national press.

We’ll keep you posted as new information emerges.

[Peter Daou contributed to this article.]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107308,This Native American Legislator in Montana Helped Stop ‘Right to Discriminate’ Bill,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107406,Stifling Ebola Research; More Evidence Republicans Are Making US Less Safe,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
79412,"Donald Trump utterly lacks the temperament to be president. He hasn’t even reached the Republican convention, no less the presidency, and he’s already demonstrating his foreign policy would be a nightmare disaster that would make the US—and the world—less safe.

During an interview with Piers Morgan on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, Trump threw a tantrum in response to criticism of his proposed “Muslim ban” by British Prime Minister David Cameron and newly elected London Mayor Sadiq Khan.

Khan, who is Muslim, quite reasonably took issue with the fact that, under Trump’s “ignorant” proposed policy, he would be prohibited from traveling to the US. Asked by Morgan to comment on Khan’s valid criticism, Trump said: “I think they’re very rude statements and frankly, tell him, I will remember those statements. They’re very nasty statements.”

And his response to Cameron calling his ban “divisive, stupid, and wrong” was even more absurd and potentially harmful: “It looks like we’re not going to have a very good relationship. Who knows, I hope to have a good relationship with him but it sounds like he’s not willing to address the problem either.”

This is not the behavior of a president. A president cannot take criticism of his policies personally and hold grudges that stand to undermine key diplomatic relationships with foreign allies.

Trump is signaling that his own brittle ego is more important than the security of the nation.

Hillary’s campaign didn’t mince words:

Nobody is better at proving that Donald Trump’s foreign policy would be disastrous than Donald Trump himself. With one short interview on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, Trump set off a media firestorm in the UK, stoking fears about the potential fraying of our decades-long special relationship, and what that would mean for the UK’s national security and standing in the world.

Instead of reflecting on why it might be that leaders in a nation that has long been our closest ally might find his proposal stupid, Trump challenged Khan to an IQ test and exclaimed: “Number one, I’m not stupid, okay? I can tell you that right now. Just the opposite.”

The president simply cannot be more concerned about reflexively defending his ego than working with our closest international allies, even if he doesn’t like what they have to say.

What Trump still doesn’t understand is that the office of the presidency is more important than the person who holds it, and the nation is more important than either.

As long as he continues to prioritize his own fragility over the best interests of the nation, he’s unqualified to lead—and he’s precisely the fool he’s accused of being.

(AP Photo/Richard Drew)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93154,"Pennsylvania’s Pat Toomey faces a dazzling array of obstacles in his bid for a second term. The first is Donald Trump, and Toomey is walking an impossible tightrope there. Democratic opponent Katie McGinty’s victory speech tied him tightly to Trump, and he has to shake off that label to get moderate Philadelphia support — although admitting he’ll support Trump as the nominee.

Here’s Toomey insisting it’s “outrageous” that McGinty would dare tie him to Trump. He quickly told reporters he voted for Cruz. Subtext: “I’m just being loyal to the party! Please don’t tie me to Donald Trump!”

I understand why Toomey voted for Cruz; Cruz is the same kind of tax-cutting extremist Toomey is. The only difference? Toomey tries to fly under the radar. This isn’t Texas, he still needs Democratic voters from Philly and Pittsburgh and suburban swing voters to win.

Lucky me. He’s my senator.

It’s been almost a year since a massive train derailment killed seven people a mile from my house, and my sleepy Philadelphia neighborhood was held hostage for more than a week to the constant drone of multiple news choppers. It was national news, and it was horrific.

The technology to stop a speeding Amtrak train exists, and Congress voted for it. But like many things in D.C. these days, the funding to actually implement it was obstructed by the Republicans. Guess who was out in front?

For years, Toomey complained about the safety system’s high costs, and sponsored legislation to delay it. He even called it an “exorbitantly expensive unfunded mandate.” He said he’d rather use the money to fix bridges.

That’s where we are with these Republicans: We can have safe bridges or safe trains, but we can’t have both.

There’s your problem with the Pat Toomeys and Ted Cruzes of the world: They don’t want government to work. They want to defund it, break it, and use that as an excuse to sell off the broken pieces to their big donors. They’ve been trying to sell off Amtrak for decades, which is why they won’t spend enough money to fix it, or to keep you safe. That’s why Toomey says if a train route doesn’t turn a profit, get rid of it! No mention of environmental and traffic benefits of taking all those cars off the road, or of providing transportation for people who can’t afford cars.

Conservatives have trained us to accept these dangerous arguments as if they’re rational. They’re not.

So if you love broken, deadlocked, austerity-loving and outright dangerous Republican policies, Pat Toomey’s your man.

Personally, I think if your college-aged kid takes the train to visit friends in D.C., or your sister and brother-in-law take the train to Madison Square Garden to see Billy Joel, you should be able to expect them to get home alive.

It doesn’t seem like too much to ask from the greatest nation in the world.

(AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13654,Homophobic Group Being “Bullied” by “Rabid Homosexuals Activists.” Isn't that Rich?,bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
107295,"Pride flag flies under US flag at American Embassy in Israel, haters hate.",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
13586,"Bus Driver Detains Gay Student, Tells Him to Repent for Homosexuality",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
6829,"I’m often asked how I can be such a staunch Hillary advocate when my views on several issues are to Hillary’s left. My answer is always the same: Don’t let the perfect be the enemy of the exceptional.

When Hillary hired me in 2006, it wasn’t because I agreed with her on everything, it’s because I didn’t.

My job was to build bridges between Hillary and online progressives. As a (very vocal) progressive activist who protested the Iraq war, I came to the task from her left.

In the years that I worked for her, I came to know a person whose fortitude, dignity, compassion and intelligence made her an exceptional candidate for the presidency. Hillary has precisely the qualities that make a great leader: deep knowledge of complex issues and a thorough understanding of the labyrinthine nature of governance.

That’s not to say that I am perfectly aligned with her positions. From drones to fracking, I remain to Hillary’s left on certain issues. [Though Tom Hayden’s switch from Bernie to Hillary because of her position on fracking, among other issues, has clarified my views.]

But I’m not looking for perfection — I’m looking for someone who has made mistakes, learned from them, changed their mind, evolved, adjusted, listened, responded.

I’m looking for someone who has the inner discipline to remain steady in the face of brutal headwinds but the courage to change course when necessary.

I’m looking for someone who has disappointed me on occasion but wins me back with the strength and steadiness of their character.

I’m looking for someone whose moral compass is evident throughout their life and who has the purpose, drive and experience to make their dreams a reality. Because that’s how our dreams become a reality too.

Hillary is that person. And her vision is one of fairness, justice and equality. One that I share wholeheartedly.

Is she a perfect progressive who has never cast a wrong vote, never adopted a wrong position, never taken the other side of an issue I care deeply about? Of course not.

Nobody is.

Now that I’ve done more digging, I’ve discovered that Bernie Sanders, who I’ve always liked and admired, has been on the wrong side of progressive values on several critical issues.

Anyone looking for perfection in a candidate — or another person — will be searching for a very long time.

For my part, I won’t let the perfect be the enemy of the exceptional.

And Hillary is as exceptional a candidate for president as we’ll ever see. Securing health coverage for millions of children, as Hillary did, would be enough of an achievement for ten lifetimes. But Hillary continues to drive forward, devoting herself to public service and enduring the vicious attacks that come with it.

My friend and colleague Melissa McEwan describes the character it takes to do that, the indomitability that has come to define Hillary:

The things I routinely experience as the cost of my work—the harassment, the lies, the mischaracterizations, the threats of violence—are a small sliver of what Hillary experiences on an unbearably grand scale. I know how navigating this relentless onslaught makes me feel. And I am certain that Hillary feels the same way, sometimes. Not just because she is human, and no human is impervious to being such personal assaults—but because she has told us.

One last thing: Fighting to elect America’s first woman president and smashing the ultimate gender barrier is something to be proud of, no matter how much heat it brings. Defending Hillary against vicious character attacks is worth the intensity, worth dealing with the constant venom from her detractors.

You only get an opportunity like this once in a lifetime.

Actually, once in 227 years.

[Updated 4/16/16]",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
93186,"On June 7, 2016, Hillary gave a moving address on the occasion of her historic victory as the first woman in the nation’s history to receive the presidential nomination of a major party. It was eight years to the day she gave her famous “18 million cracks in the highest and hardest glass ceiling” speech. History has been written, and beautifully so.

Transcript:

[…] one that you have taken with me and I am so grateful to you. It is wonderful to be back in Brooklyn, here in this […]. And it may be hard to see tonight, but we are all standing under a glass ceiling right now. But don’t worry, we’re not smashing this one.

Thanks to you, we’ve reached a milestone – the first time in our nation’s history that a woman will be a major party’s nominee for president of the United States.

Tonight’s victory is not about one person. It belongs to generations of women and men who struggled and sacrificed and made this moment possible. In our country, it started right here in New York, a place called Seneca Falls, in 1848. When a small but determined group of women, and men, came together with the idea that women deserved equal rights, and they set it forth in something called the Declaration of Sentiments, and it was the first time in human history that that kind of declaration occurred.

So we all owe so much to those who came before, and tonight belongs to all of you.

I want to thank all the volunteers, community leaders, the activists, and organizers who supported our campaign in every state and territory. And thanks especially to our friends in New Jersey for such a resounding victory tonight. Thanks for talking to your neighbors, for making contributions. Your efforts have produced a strong majority of the popular vote, victories in a majority of the contests, and after tonight, a majority of pledged delegates.

I want to thank all the people across our country who have taken the time to talk with me. I’ve learned a lot about you and I’ve learned about those persistent problems and the unfinished promise of America that you are living with. So many of you feel like you are out there on your own, that no one has your back. Well, I do. I hear you, I see you.

And as your president, I will always have your back. I want to congratulate Senator Sanders for the extraordinary campaign he has run. He has spent his long career in public service fighting for progressive causes and principles, and he’s excited millions of voters, especially young people. And let there be no mistake: Senator Sanders, his campaign, and the vigorous debate that we’ve had about how to raise incomes, reduce inequality, increase upward mobility have been very good for the Democratic Party and for America.

This has been a hard-fought, deeply-felt campaign. But whether you supported me, or Senator Sanders, or one of the Republicans, we all need to keep working toward a better, fairer, stronger America.

Now, I know it never feels good to put your heart into a cause or a candidate you believe in – and to come up short. I know that feeling well. But as we look ahead to the battle that awaits, let’s remember all that unites us.

We all want an economy with more opportunity and less inequality, where Wall Street can never wreck Main Street again. We all want a government that listens to the people, not the power brokers, which means getting unaccountable money out of politics. And we all want a society that is tolerant, inclusive, and fair.

We all believe that America succeeds when more people share in our prosperity; when more people have a voice in our political system; when more people can contribute to their communities. We believe that cooperation is better than conflict, unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls

It’s a simple but powerful idea. We believe that we are stronger together. And the stakes in this election are high. And the choice is clear.

Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and commander-in-chief. And he’s not just trying to build a wall between America and Mexico – he’s trying to wall off Americans from each other. When he says, ‘Let’s make America great again,’ that is code for, ‘Let’s take America backwards.’ Back to a time when opportunity and dignity were reserved for some, not all, promising his supporters an economy he cannot recreate.

We, however, we want to write the next chapter in American greatness, with a 21st century prosperity that lifts everyone who’s been left out and left behind, including those who may not vote for us but who deserve their chance to make a new beginning.

When Donald Trump says a distinguished judge born in Indiana can’t do his job because of his Mexican heritage – or he mocks a reporter with disabilities – or calls women ‘pigs’– it goes against everything we stand for. Because we want an America where everyone is treated with respect and where their work is valued.

It’s clear that Donald Trump doesn’t believe we are stronger together. He has abused his primary opponents and their families, attacked the press for asking tough questions, denigrated Muslims and immigrants. He wants to win by stoking fear and rubbing salt in wounds. And reminding us daily just how great he is.

Well, we believe we should lift each other up, not tear each other down. We believe we need to give Americans a raise – not complain that hardworking people’s wages are too high. We believe we need to help young people struggling with student debt – not pile more on to our national debt with giveaways to the super-wealthy. We believe we need to make America the clean energy superpower of the 21st century – not insist that climate change is a hoax.

To be great, we can’t be small. We have to be as big as the values that define America. And we are a big-hearted, fair-minded country. We teach our children that this is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look a certain way or worship a certain way or love a certain way. For all. Indivisible.

This election is not, however, about the same old fights between Democrats and Republicans. This election is different. It really is about who we are as a nation. It’s about millions of Americans coming together to say: We are better than this. We won’t let this happen in America.

And if you agree – whether you’re a Democrat, Republican or independent – I hope you’ll join us.

In just a few weeks, we will meet in Philadelphia, which gave birth to our nation – back in that hot summer of 1776. Those early patriots knew they would all rise or fall together. Well, today that’s more true than ever.

Our campaign will take this message to every corner of our country. We’re stronger when our economy works for everyone, not just those at the top, with good-paying jobs and good schools in every ZIP code, and a real commitment to all families and all regions of our nation.

We’re stronger when we work with our allies around the world to keep us safe. And we are stronger when we respect each other, listen to each other, and act with a sense of common purpose.

We’re stronger when every family in every community knows they’re not on their own, because we are in this together. It really does ‘take a village’ to raise a child – and to build a stronger future for us all.

I learned this a long time ago, from the biggest influence in my life: my mother. She was my rock, from the day I was born till the day she left us. She overcame a childhood marked by abandonment and mistreatment, and somehow managed not to become bitter or broken. My mother believed that life is about serving others. And she taught me never to back down from a bully, which, it turns out, was pretty good advice.

This past Saturday would have been her 97th birthday, because she was born on June 4th, 1919. And some of you may know the significance of that date. On the very day my mother was born in Chicago, Congress was passing the 19th Amendment to the Constitution. That amendment finally gave women the right to vote. And I really wish my mother could be here tonight. I wish she could see what a wonderful mother Chelsea has become, and could meet our beautiful granddaughter Charlotte. And of course, I wish she could see her daughter become the Democratic Party’s nominee for president of the United States.

So yes, yes, there are still ceilings to break – for women and men, for all of us. But don’t let anyone tell you that great things can’t happen in America. Barriers can come down. Justice and equality can win. Our history has moved in that direction – slowly at times, but unmistakably – thanks to generations of Americans who refused to give up or back down.

Now you are writing a new chapter of that story. This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilings – no limits – on any of us. And this is our moment to come together.

So please, join our campaign. Volunteer. Go to hillaryclinton.com. Contribute what you can. Text Join, J-O-I-N, to 4-7-2-4-6. Help us organize in all 50 states. Every phone call you make, every door you knock on will move us forward.

Now, I’m going to take a moment later tonight and the days ahead to fully absorb the history we’ve made here. But what I care about most is the history our country has yet to write. Our children and grandchildren will look back at this time, at the choices we are about to make, the goals we will strive for, the principles we will live by. And we need to make sure that they can be proud of us.

The end of the primaries is only the beginning of the work we’re called to do. But if we stand together, we will rise together, because we are stronger together. Let’s go out and make that case to America.

Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America.

(AP Photo/Julio Cortez)",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
23901,"Sarah Palin Wants to Be Trump's Energy Secretary, Thinks Americans Should Speak 'American'",bluenationreview.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
