,content,domain,fake,conspiracy,political,junksci,unreliable,bias,hate,reliable,satire,clickbait,unknown,rumor
79828,"Justin Dodd

Justin Dodd joined Newslo in 2013 after writing and performing in comedy clubs across the country. Before that, he taught English for five years in Indiana, where he used his sense of humor to cope with being bullied by his students. He lives in Brooklyn. Follow him on Twitter @CoachDodd",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81440,"BEXAR COUNTY, Texas – According to a jury in Bexar County, Texas, it’s totally cool to shoot and kill a prostitute if she takes your money but fails to have sex with you, as long as it’s dark outside.

On Thursday, Ezekiel Gilbert—who admitted to shooting a Craig’s List escort, Lenora Ivie Frago, in the neck after she took $$150 dollars from him and left his home without letting him hump on her—was acquitted of all charges by a supposedly-sane jury. Gilbert’s defense rested on a Texas law which gives citizens the right “to use deadly force to recover property during a nighttime theft”—even if that property was money you paid to get your rocks off.

Gilbert spoke to reporters after his acquittal, saying that, “Maybe if it was just twenty bucks for a hand job, I would have let it slide. But 150 bucks? No way she was bouncing without, at the very least, letting me stick it in her for a minute.”

“Thankfully,” Gilbert continued. “Justice was done today. A woman may be dead, but she gave me blue-balls—so really, she deserved it.”

Gilbert’s attorneys—Bobby Barrera and Roy Barrera Sr.—said that although the law that saved their client was not specifically designed “to keep street whores from copping your cash without givin’ the nookie,” there is “no reason that it shouldn’t.” “Ezekiel was robbed,” the lawyers said. “He paid money for a service, and it was subsequently denied from him. Yes, it was an illegal service, and forcing women into sex—even if you’ve paid for it—is kind of rapey, but they had a deal, gosh darn it, and in Texas we stand by our word, or expect to get shot in the neck.”

Thousands of similar homicides have been reported in Texas since the Gilbert verdict was announced. In most of those incidents, men allegedly shot and killed their wives, whom the men say took “lots and lots of money over the years” while only “putting out once in a great, great while.” Legal experts say that most of the men will likely walk free—especially those with the foresight to kill their wives after sunset, when vicious murder becomes legal in Texas.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81688,"WASHINGTON — After announcing plans to speak at this year’s CPAC convention, Sarah Palin and Mitt Romney thrilled and delighted the rabidly conservative audience by stating that they would team up to “jointly dig the Republican Party’s grave even deeper.”

The former losing Republican Vice-Presidential nominee and losing Republican Presidential candidate issued a joint statement saying, “We look forward to this opportunity to work together to make sure our party keeps moving in a strong direction: down. We refuse to be buried by the Democrats. We are determined to do it ourselves.”

Mitt Romney, who has kept a decidedly low profile since losing the election in November to President Obama, except for pumping gas and showing up ringside at a boxing match, issued a statement: “I’m thrilled to be addressing the Conservative Political Action Conference, giving me the chance to push for all the policies that contributed to my being soundly thumped in the recent election.”

Romney continued, “But I’m especially excited to join up with Sarah Palin, who has even less credibility than me, for the Closing Night ceremony, where we will team up to insure that the grave the Republican Party is digging for itself will be one from which it will never emerge.”

Sarah Palin, who recently was dismissed by Fox News for reportedly saying something that was remotely true, held her own news conference.

“Dig, baby, dig!” Palin called out to an adoring crowd of seven people, echoing her “Drill, baby, drill” mantra in the 2008 campaign. “You know what we Republicans always say: ‘When you’re digging yourself into a hole, keep digging!’”

As if to emphasize the point, CPAC announced that other speakers at the March conference include former Republican senator (and losing presidential candidates) Rick Santorum.

Said an exuberant Santorum, “We’re gonna party like it’s 2012! And also, the 18th century.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82101,"Dear Pity Party, I had a total brain fart and thought Black Friday was on a Sunday this year. I know about Cyber Monday, but Internet shopping doesn’t allow me to strike down competing shoppers with malice and fury, which is really the whole selling point. Is there some way to virtually trample a stranger […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79992,"“Recovery teams were resuming the search early Tuesday for 12 people who are missing after a rain-swollen river in Central Texas carried a vacation home off its foundation, slamming it into a bridge downstream.

“The fate of those who were inside the home was still unclear. Recovery teams were to resume looking for as many as a dozen people who may have been staying at the two-story house in this small town in the Texas Hill Country, where punishing rains and other severe weather have destroyed or damaged more than 1,000 homes.

“Storms dumped record rainfall on the Plains and Midwest, caused major flooding and spawned tornadoes and killed at least 11 in Oklahoma and Texas. Texas authorities said 12 people are missing statewide and 30 are unaccounted for.

“In the Houston area, authorities located two bodies Tuesday after powerful storms rolled through the area, The Houston Chronicle reported. It is believed the two drowned in the flooding in the area. Authorities urged Houston residents to avoid all travel, and CenterPoint Energy reported that over 70,000 customers in the Houston area were without power.

“Authorities say that a total of three people died in Harris County, Texas – which includes Houston. Houston Mayor Annise Parker says city officials will be vigilant as the area’s waterways swell with several inches of rain. Parker said at a news conference on Tuesday morning that “we’re on the alert for folks in their houses as the bayous continue to rise.”

“The National Weather Service says about 11 inches of rain fell in six hours in parts of southwest Houston. Firefighters reportedly responded to 131 water rescues in the area after the storms hit. The paper reported that motorists abandoned their cars throughout the city. Meteorologists say storms that have been virtually parked over Texas for weeks are not yet done, raising the prospect of even more flooding.

Michael Moore, a documentary filmmaker and liberal political activist, commented exclusively for Newslo on the severe floods that have struck Texas in recent days, saying “all of this could have been avoided with one simple piece of legislation.”

“If Texans weren’t so conservative and narrow-minded, maybe none of this would have happened and dozens and hundreds of people wouldn’t have had to abandon their cars, homes and livelihoods. What is the one thing Texas has never and will never agree to? Gay marriages. This is God’s punishment for their selfishness,” said Moore.

He added: “But, that’s Texans for you. You know what they say, ‘some motherfu****s are always trying to ice skate uphill.’”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81258,"HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — Hilarity ensued in Moscow this week as officials from the Russian Federal Security—the successor intelligence body to the KGB— captured, interrogated and expelled from the country an American Embassy officer and alleged spy Ryan Fogle. As gleeful as the Russian government was about the incident, their excitement was eclipsed by that of Hollywood, which is welcoming the resurgence of the Cold War and the action film boom it will bring with it.

Few have fonder memories of the Cold War than Hollywood producers, as the era gave birth to blockbuster after blockbuster featuring a chiselled, monosyllabic Russian as the bad guy. Its conclusion in the late 1980s left hundreds of actors specialising in Russian accents or blonde flat tops out of work, and screenwriters without a sure-fire story arc.

“You need a compelling antagonist to propel the action,” said John Milius, writer-director of 1984’s “Red Dawn,” “and with the Russians, there was no need to waste time on the backstory— everybody knew they were evil. Plus it will be a relief for the audience to be able to hate a character without feeling racist, or having to struggle with all those leftist ideas that are floating around these days. It’s just good, old-fashioned movie making.”

There were clear echoes of Cold War-era films in the details of the arrest that were broadcast continuously on Russia’s only—and coincidently government-owned—TV news station. Fogle was shown interrogated by in a poorly lit room by a barking FSB officer, his arsenal of spy gadgets that included several wigs, a compass, a set of paper maps, a shoe phone and a permanently lit cartoon bomb laid out on the table.

“I think they (spy agencies) need us more than we need them. Have you seen what they’re working with these days?” said John Chislom, a props specialist on the James Bond films. “It’s like they can’t come up with stuff on their own. Wigs? A compass? Is he a 10-year-old who ran away from home? It’s not their fault, they probably don’t have the budgets that we do. So they need to get back to feuding so we can get back to making movies to show them how it’s done.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81298,"Dear Friends, On Thursday Chuck Hagel appeared before the Senate Armed Services Committee. He appears to have survived it—despite a much-deserved thrashing from the definitely not senile, uber-patriot John McCain—and is one step closer to becoming the next Secretary of Defense. This fact should make Americans pee in their pants a little. And not from […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81375,"WASHINGTON – Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner today announced that he has been holding a number of closed-door sessions with members of the Tea Party Caucus searching for a way to gain their approval to reopen the government. “They have agreed to give up on killing or even delaying Obamacare, they’re happy with the level of budget cuts in the Senate package, and they agree upon the urgency to both reopen the government and quickly approve a raise in the debt ceiling,” he reported. “Unfortunately, they are still adamant that the President not be black. So we’re at an impasse.”

The refusal of die-hard Tea Partiers to budge on this crucial issue has led some Republicans to speak out. During an appearance this week on MSNBC’s Hardball, Representative Peter King (R-NY) told Chris Matthews that there are “probably 30 or 40 Republicans” in congress who are driving the party to shutdown the government and refusing to compromise. While he acknowledged that the color of President Obama’s skin was likely not going to chance any time soon, he lamented the President has refused to come to the table to negotiate the issue in good faith.

“Look, they’re not crazy about letting poor people get access to affordable health care, but they wouldn’t have driven the government off the rails over it if Obama’s skin color weren’t so gosh-darned dark,” said King. “I don’t know if the man has ever looked into any kind of whitening make-up, but that may be all that’s needed to get this country going again.”

Sources say, however, that even a paler Obama would have a difficult time gaining the Tea Party’s acceptance. A growing number of Republican Congressmen have publicly questioned the validity of President Obama’s birth certificate showing that he was, in fact, born in the United States. These include Rep. Steve King (R-IA), Rep. Mike Coffman (R-CO), Rep. Markwayne Mullin (R-OK), and House Homeland Security Oversight Subcommittee Chariman Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-SC). Duncan has gone so far as to state that he believes that Congress should “revisit” the president’s “validity.”

“Look, I’m all torn up about closing down government, furloughing all the public workers, cutting off much-needed funding and so forth. I want to reopen the government, I really do,” said Representative Duncan. “Not to say I told you so, but we wouldn’t be in this pickle if had a President Romney. Just saying.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79998,"DALLAS — Few events in America’s history carry as much weight as the inauguration of Lyndon Baines Johnson, who officially became the 36th President of the United States five decades ago today.

Now, we pause to remember the day when America lost its innocence and Johnson transformed from an unpopular vice president known as “Uncle Cornpone” to the man who would usher in a “Great Society” before our very eyes.

Thousands gathered at Dallas’s Love Field airport this afternoon to reflect on President Johnson’s historic inauguration, which took place aboard Air Force One under extraordinary circumstances after former President John F. Kennedy’s term was cut short due to medical reasons stemming from an incident involving a convertible automobile and a magic bullet.

“Everybody can remember where they were when LBJ become President,” recalled historian David McCullough.

“The entire world just stopped.”

President Johnson is remembered as a legislative mastermind who sponsored the largest reform agenda since Roosevelt’s New Deal. In 1964, he signed into law the Civil Rights Act, which banned discrimination based on race and gender in employment and ended segregation in all public facilities.

Sadly, he is also remembered for escalating United States military involvement in Vietnam, which ultimately resulted in over 200,000 U.S. casualties.

“It’s hard to believe his presidency almost never was,” declared Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings in a somber speech only a few feet away from the inauguration.

Rawling’s was referring to the incident in which Johnson was nearly shot and killed just hours before his inauguration while riding with is wife, Lady Bird Johnson, in the presidential motorcade.

After then-President John F. Kennedy was shot and killed, Secret Service Agent Rufus Youngblood threw himself on top of Johnson, saving his life and forever altering the course of American history.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80646,"TURKISH-SYRIAN BORDER — “I know roughly 100,000 Syrians have been killed so far,” said Syrian refugee Adad Halabi, who lost his home and family in the Syrian civil war, “but being the president of America is hard. If Obama feels like he needs more time to figure out what to do in a situation where hundreds of civilians are killed every day, I totally get that.”

Many Syrian refugees have expressed disappointment with Obama for failing to immediately change his policy in Syria after Assad used chemical weapons, even after the American president called the use of chemical weapons a “red line.” It seems like most Syrians, however, understand how difficult the American president has it.

“Look, all we see in Syria are our dead friends and family members,” Halabi explained compassionately. “We don’t see how hard it must be for Obama to deal with John McCain urging him to do more while Ron Paul condemns him for doing too much. It must be really difficult to figure out what to do.”

Generally, it seems like Syrians are supportive of the American president’s nuanced position in the face of unmediated civilian slaughter. Many have applauded his move to insinuate he was going to arm the rebels without actually arming any rebels or modifying U.S. strategy vis-à-vis Syria in any discernible way.

“It really is a genius political move,” Halabi said. “The president gets to appease the interventionist as well as the humanitarian camp, but he doesn’t risk further American intervention or the possibility of arming the wrong group. Yes, it’s frustrating as a Syrian civilian to watch, but Obama’s geostrategic acumen is to be admired.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80764,"AUSTIN, Texas – Earlier this year, the Texas State Board of Education invited 11 experts to help evaluate various high school biology textbooks under consideration for purchase by the State of Texas. They were asked by current Board Chair Barbara Cargill to evaluate the textbooks for age-appropriateness, clarity, and the amount of Bible they managed to cram into their pages.

“We felt it very important that our science textbooks have as much Bible in them as possible,” explained Cargill. “I actually advocated we simply glue biology-sounding hard covers to the front and back of Bibles, but was told the idea was too labor-intensive.”

In order to ensure the textbooks passed the Amount of Bible per Page threshold, at least six of the eleven experts charged with reviewing the textbooks were creationists or intelligent design proponents. These included Walter Bradley, whose 1984 book The Mystery of Life’s Origins launched the “intelligent design” movement, Raymond Bohlin, a research fellow for the intelligent design think tank the Discovery Institute, Ide Trotter, spokesperson for the creationist group Texans for Better Science Education.

An open records request by the Texas Freedom Network caused some of experts’ comments to be made public. One reviewer wrote: “I understand the National Academy of Science’s [sic] strong support of the theory of evolution. At the same time, this is a theory. As an educator, parent, and grandparent, I feel very firmly that “creation science” based on Biblical principles should be incorporated into every Biology book that is up for adoption.”

Another reviewer complained that, “Text neglects to tell students that no transitional fossils have been discovered. The fossil record can be interpreted in other ways than evolutionary with equal justification. Text should ask students to analyze and compare alternative theories.”

A third reviewer commented simply: “This biology textbook has a shockingly low amount of Bible in it.”

Reviewer David Zeiger, a seventh-grade teacher at a Christian private school thanked the Board of Education for having the foresight to include him and others like him on the judging panel. “Frankly, I was dumbfounded when I saw how little Bible was in these books,” he said. “They had entire chapters on non-Bible things like the Evolution hoax, the Global Warming hoax, the Meiosis & Sexual Life Cycles hoax, and a chapter on human nutrition that didn’t include pork rinds. Many of the so-called high school-aged biology books even referred to what they called the female orgasm, which is something I’ve scientifically proven to be a myth for many years.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82607,"Speaking at a rally in Rothschild, Wisconsin ahead of the state’s primary on Tuesday, the Republican presidential frontrunner said that if conflict between Japan and nuclear-armed North Korea were to break out, “it would be a terrible thing, but if they do, they do.” “Good luck,” he added. “Enjoy yourself, folks.” Referring to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un, Trump also complained that the US had 28,000 troops on the armistice line between North Korea and South Korea “to stop a maniac.”

“What are we talking about here people?” the billionaire businessman asked. “Are we seriously talking about what’s going on half way around the world? Instead of having them worry about us, we’re doing the opposite. When did America become a Second-World country that concerns itself with the petty feuds of Asian countries? Come on, we’ve got bigger fish to fry. Like, how many Syrian refugees are actually ISIS terrorists just waiting to blow up something on American soil, or should we really let them settle up in the North Pole. That’s the kind of thing we should be worried about.”

He added, “Then again, if it does happen, you know, we shouldn’t be a part of it, obviously. I mean, let the other guys wage war a little bit, it doesn’t always have to be us. Although, there is one aspect of nuclear war that would be good for our country. You know how these things go, if they go at it, there’s no way it’s going to stay between just them. South Korea is going to interfere almost immediately, then China will as well, and you know nothing goes down in Asia without Putin. So, our economy could probably have a boost as a consequence. That could be a plus side of the whole deal.”

“We could really make America great again – get it? – just by being smart enough to stay out of the conflict itself, but at the same time, benefit from it. Like, they’re going to need weapons, rockets and other military stuff, right? And we have one of the most advanced military industries on the planet. Then there’s also communication, logistics, transportation, I mean, we’ve got a whole range of stuff we could sell them and profit from it. Come to think of it, this could really be our way of getting all those jobs back from China and getting rid of a number of our competitors at the same time. You know what? I’ve changed my mind – I’m now officially cheering for a nuclear war between the North Koreans and Japanese. And as always, we’ll be there to comfort the losing side,” Trump concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80076,"Alex Jones and Roger Stone blamed “President” Jared Kushner for the Syrian airstrike ordered by his father-in-law, Donald Trump. The InfoWars founder hosted the political dirty trickster – who’s under investigation for possible ties to Russian intelligence – on his program Friday to discuss the military action. The conversation followed a conspiratorial trail that led from Syria through the West Wing to the Upper West Side, and all the way to Silicon Valley, and fell apart when Jones blamed Kushner and his wife, Ivanka Trump, for every bad decision made so far by the president. “It’s them, it’s them – it’s his daughter and son-in-law who are literally enemies of the Republic!” Jones shouted.

Jones continued, saying that God “never got over” the fact that Donald Trump’s daughter betrayed Christianity by becoming a Jew only to get married to Kushner. “And you know, if it were anybody else, I think God would have probably considered forgiveness. However, in the event of Ivanka Trump, I can totally understand why he chose to react the way that he did. After all, Donald Trump was chosen by God to make the country great again and, whether one agrees with it or not, that’s a pretty big honor and a big weight to carry around. I get that love is something no one can control, but she didn’t have to convert. She could have found a compromise of some sort to avoid betraying God,” he said.

“Ultimately,” Jones also argued, “it was President Trump who should have done something about it; he should have acted to prevent that from happening in the first place. Since he didn’t and God went through the trouble of making sure to guarantee he would be president, you know, it makes perfect sense President Trump had to endure some sort of punishment. And that punishment was making him get involved in Syria despite the fact that he repeatedly argued against such an option during his presidential campaign. It all makes a lot of sense when you really think about it.”

The InfoWars founder also opined, “It’s interesting that this is how God chose to punish Donald Trump, who is only indirectly at fault. The real culprit and the real source of God’s anger is his daughter; I have to say I’m pretty curious to see how he’ll eventually choose to punish her. But anyway, this is yet another proof of what happens when one chooses to betray the mercy of our Lord. Turning the other cheek is one thing, but when it comes to spitting the big guy in the face, there’s a whole other system of reacting to something like that.”

“Bottom line, the deaths of Syrians in the chemical attacks is actually the manifestation of God’s anger towards Ivanka directly, and Donald Trump indirectly. He’s angry with her for becoming a Jew and also with the president for allowing it to happen. I’m not really sure how it’ll all end, but what I can tell you with the utmost certainty is that it doesn’t bode well for the country. We’re smack right in the middle of another war that we didn’t start, but will sure as hell be forced to end. And all this just because daddy’s little girl couldn’t meet a nice Christian boy. But, I guess things could be worse. She could have just as easily fallen in love with a black guy or worse – a Muslim. Then we’d be in real trouble,” Jones concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80796,"Supported Article Love watching the Mets play? Then you probably already have a running mental list of your favorite players throughout history. Here are a handful of legendary Mets, listed in no particular order, who have made many fans’ lists after proving they’re among the greatest: Tom Seaver Tom Seaver, consistently ranked as the best […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81338,"NEW YORK — Derek Jeter was forced to exit a date with a supermodel last night after aggravating the quad injury he suffered during his only game with the Yankees this year.

Jeter, 39, was rounding second base on his couch when he pulled up lame and excused himself to stretch. “I felt it tighten up when I got out of the limo, but I thought I could play through. I needed a win,” said the shortstop.

“I could tell he doesn’t have the range that he once did,” said Jeter’s date, “and his bat speed has slowed down. His wrists aren’t as quick. It was disappointing.”

The evening’s rendezvous was only Jeter’s third date with a supermodel this year. The aging Yankee Captain spent the last nine months recovering from a twice-broken ankle that forced him out of last year’s ALCS. He spent the first half of the season rehabbing with cocktail waitresses and aspiring actresses on Staten Island and the Jersey Shore, where he posted an unprecedented .736 average.

The latest injury is another sign that Jeter may be in the twilight of his storied career. In 19 years as a Yankee, he has bedded Victoria’s Secret models, A-list actresses, and even Miss Universe, all the while racking up 4,724 total bases.

“Obviously it’s a huge disappointment. Everybody knows the high standard that I hold myself to, and I want to do whatever I can to get back in the game,” said Jeter.

Jeter will be reevaluated after the All-Star break, but there is currently no timetable for his return. GM Brian Cashman said another stint in the bush leagues is possible. “We just have to give it some time and see how he responds,” said Cashman. “There was talk of his decline back in 2010, but then he nabbed Minka Kelly. Everybody knows he’s a grinder. He’ll be back.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81325,"WASHINGTON — America will finally be able to see different side of Sen. Lindsay Graham (R-S.C.) when he appears on an upcoming episode of the hit television show, Taboo.

The TLC program features individuals with strange interests and addictions, and Graham will share discuss his love of war during the program.

“It’s like a real-life video game, only no one that I know personally gets killed or injured,” Graham explained. “It’s even more fun than my money baths.”

On the upcoming episode, the senator explains how much fun it is to designate which countries the U.S. should go to war with.

“Well, we have to make sure people think their leaders are crazy and evil, even if once were friendly with them,” Graham said. “I remember one time we made everyone think that one poor country had all of these huge weapons, I think we called them ‘weapons of mass destruction’ or something hokey like that. Of course they didn’t have any, but everyone bought it and we got to invade anyway. It was really neat.”

When the wars start, Graham tends to wear his G.I. Joe pajamas and sit in front of the television all day, eating nothing but gummy bears. No one is allowed to talk to him while he is watching war coverage, and he explained that the wars give him a warm and tingling feeling in parts of his body.

“I’m really, really excited about unlocking our real potential, by which I mean starting a war with another country. Wouldn’t it be neat if we could bomb North Korea? Or, even cooler, launching a large-scale ground offensive like at the beginning of World War II. Wasn’t that neat when our guys had to storm the beach while people shot at them? I would love to see that again,” Graham said.

During times of peace, Graham said he is prone to become angry and agitated, but he tries to cheer himself up by doing things like cutting Food Stamps and trying to deport legal and illegal immigrants.

“It’s not the same,” Graham lamented. “I really, really hope we can start a war with Iran soon. Can we? It’s perfect. It sounds just like Iraq and most Americans don’t know the difference. They just know that they are evil and need to be destroyed. We must attack! We must attack! Get me some gummi bears!”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81670,"NEW YORK — Millions of Americans in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic who lost power from the devastating super storm earlier this week are exhibiting symptoms of what experts call Post-Technology Stress Disorder (PTSD).

Symptoms of the disorder include Wandering Thumb Syndrome – in which the afflicted reflexively use their thumb to swipe or scroll through their field of view – and the delusion that actual real-world people who have shit to do care about what you had for breakfast.

“What we’re finding is that people can’t do anything without their smart phones,” said Dr. Thomas Gomez, a psychiatrist specializing in technology addiction. Elaborating on this statement, Gomez cited the 48 New York City residents who have nearly starved to death, having been unable to acquire food without the assistance of Fresh Direct or Grub Hub.

Others have been seen shuffling aimlessly in the streets, seeking a new means to set their fantasy lineup. “Fantasy Football is literally my life. I tried setting smoke signals, but there’s been no response,” lamented New Yorker Cory Haberman.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency has allotted nearly $$500 million to treat those suffering from PTSD. The money will be used to pay for committing citizens to rehabilitation centers where they will be weaned off of a simulated WordPress account, and forced to interact verbally with other living human beings. Following rehabilitation, victims are to attend therapy sessions in which they will relearn basic communication skills, such as how to express thoughts through speech and without a 140-character restriction.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82133,"WASHINGTON — In an unprecedented push to court Hispanic voters in the wake of the 2012 elections, many Republicans are expressing concern that the number of groups they can safely discriminate against is rapidly dwindling.

Speaking from an RNC-sponsored séance to channel the late GOP Svengali and “Southern Strategy” mastermind, Lee Atwater, RNC chairman Reince Priebus acknowledged his party was facing a dilemma.

“Pinning immigration issues and drug crime on Latinos was a blast while it lasted,” said Priebus. “But now we can’t so much as win a taco eating contest without them.”

“Don’t worry,” added Priebus. “We’ll find another group to blame for all the country’s problems – or our name isn’t the Grand Ol’ Party.”

Arizona State Senator Neil Carbeneau described his discomfort with the new direction of the party. “Look, I believe rape is a crime, greenhouse gases trap heat from the sun in the atmosphere, and I collect Social Security and Medicare from the Federal government. You’d think I would’ve quit the party a long time ago. But I love me some prejudice. And if I can’t belong to a party where it is socially acceptable to hate gays, welfare queens, and wetbacks, then why the ‘H,’ ‘E,’ Double-Hockey-Sticks am I even a Republican?”

Seeking to unite Republicans’ prejudices behind a common foe, some GOP activisits are taking matters into their own hands. “We’re the party of makers, not the party of takers,” exclaimed Breitbart.com editor Joel Smullcock “If we can’t find someone to demonize, we’ll have no choice but to roll up our sleeves and make up a straw man,” said Smullcock. “We don’t need to have anything handed to us – unlike a certain Kenyan-born, Muslim, socialist, fascist president who goes by the nickname ‘Hussein.’ ”

Not content with a classic political target, other factions within the party have been working hard to find an adequate minority group replacement – a scapegoat for America’s failures. “We’ve tried Arabs, but nobody can agree,” said Rep. Lamar Smith (R-CA). “Some say that’s so last decade – others say everyone already distrusts Arabs – but there’s no doubt we have to mix it up. ” Members of the Church of Latter-Day Saints were briefly considered, but were dismissed for being “too vanilla, too Romney.”

“Romney’s Mormon through and through” said Smith. “Ever meet someone who felt extremely passionate about Romney?”

Not to be deterred, the 19-term Representative suggested that, for the time being, the GOP has decided to keep its sights set on the plague of American homosexuals, revealed several GOP insiders – many of whom were closeted insiders themselves. “Hatred toward gays seems to be something we can all agree on,” said Representative Ron Paul (R-TX). In particular, Paul took aim at gay escort and prostitution services where male hustlers hawk their wares unfettered. “For some reason, a lot of colleagues really clammed up when I mentioned that,” Said Paul.

“Oh well” he sighed. “At least we’ll always have the blacks.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80276,"Ann Coulter rarely shies away from a controversial topic, even when it means being targeted by internet trolls unhappy with her political views. The conservative pundit took to Twitter Thursday and made a comparison that sent social media users into a fury. Coulter linked a quote from the Washington Examiner’s Byron York, which cited another figure, claiming, the “cost of building a wall (is) roughly equal to one year’s worth of improper payments in Earned Income Tax Credit program.” As is expected with Coulter, many found her comments too distasteful.

In a Friday interview with the internet portal KnowMyRepublican.com, the pundit commented on her Twitter post, saying that the wall Donald Trump has vowed to build between the U.S. and Mexico “is the absolute best thing that could have happened to our country.” She also argued that she has “total confidence” that the Mexican government will pay for the wall, although she didn’t rule out other methods of coming to an agreement, which was odd, considering she’s been on of the biggest supporters of Donald Trump during his campaign, most notably when it came to illegal immigration.

“At the end of the day, the fact to the matter is Mexico pretty much has two options at this point: they can either choose to pay for the wall in its entirety, at which point we’ll stop nagging about that, or, I think President Trump might also settle for something like them sending us their therapists to treat the girls and young women that are being raped by illegal immigrants from Mexico,” Coulter added. “Of course, it goes without saying that, in the event that the latter is the option they go with, we would conduct thorough screenings of the so-called ‘experts’ the Mexican government plans to send here, just so we’d make sure they’re not wolves in sheep’s clothing, if you know what I mean.”

She continued, “Because, let’s face it – the last thing we want is to have them send their shrinks here and then have them turn out to be worse maniacs than the rapists we’ve already got wreaking havoc across the country. That would turn out to be the biggest scandal since Watergate and even O.J.. No, I’m thinking we still need to keep pushing the first option, which is them paying for the wall completely. But also, we need to give them an alternative as well; we just need to make it less desirable and attractive than dishing out the money.”

“And I’ve got just the deterrent: for every psychiatrist that turns out to be a rotten egg and ends up harassing any of the patients, we’ll have Donald Trump revoke the U.S. citizenship from a famous Mexican celebrity, and then deport them back to Mexico. We could start with maybe Eva Longoria, or Charlie Sheen. He’s been going through a lot lately, so why not have him deported to Mexico and out of our hair? It would be like killing two birds with one stone. In fact, it almost makes you start wishing that more American women get raped by illegal immigrants from south of the border. At least we’ll clear up Hollywood, if nothing else,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80481,"WASHINGTON — In a historic vote on Tuesday, Congress overwhelmingly passed a bill aimed at funding attempts to reanimate such beloved Americans as Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and Benjamin Franklin using pioneering stem cell technology. According to Representative Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), the bill was passed in hopes that members of Congress might finally be able to get the Founding Fathers’ “infallible opinions” on divisive modern issues.

“Instead of endlessly quibbling about what the Founding Fathers might have thought about separation of church and state or the Second Amendment, we have decided our resources would be better spent using ethically and scientifically unsound technology to reanimate them and actually find out,” said Pelosi. “And after they wake up dazed, nude, and covered in a layer of thick, gelatinous goo, I predict they’ll speak out in defense of healthcare reform.”

“At its worst, the experiment could result in stillborn, mutant creatures that are abominations before God,” said former Republican Representative Ron Paul of Texas. “But at its best, I’ll be shooting the shit with George Washington, who I’m sure agrees with me on almost every issue. I think it’s worth the risk.”

Still, many historians feel that even if this unprecedented effort were to succeed, the Founding Fathers’ views would be completely anachronistic in modern society.

“I’m pretty sure if the Founding Fathers were around today, they would remind us that while they were brilliant students of government, many of them owned slaves, dueled, and thought that only white male landowners should vote, so we shouldn’t view them as flawless political demigods,” said Professor Jason Lewis, an expert in constitutional law. “Then they’d probably point in amazement at airplanes, which I imagine they would refer to as, ‘impossible flying contraptions.’ “",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82341,"“ And I’ve wondered, you know, isn’t that wasted money, you give it and you take it back? No, it gives you an investment in the country. And we need that.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80543,"BOSTON—Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick and Missouri Governor Jay Nixon have entered into a friendly wager on the outcome of this year’s World Series matchup between the Boston Red Sox and the St. Louis Cardinals: the respective governors have reportedly agreed that the losing party will reverse his state’s stance on LGBT rights.

Friendly sports gambles between politicians of rival cities are a mainstay of American culture. Following Super Bowl XXXIX in which the New England Patriots defeated the Philadelphia Eagles, Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum was forced to wear a Patriots hat and present Senator Ted Kennedy and his staff Philly cheesesteaks. During the 2010 Winter Olympic Games, President Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper wagered a case of beer on the outcome of the gold medal game in the men’s ice hockey tournament.

“As the Red Sox and the Cardinals meet again on baseball’s biggest stage, in the spirit of healthy fun, Governor Nixon and I have agreed to stake the legal equality of our gay citizens on the World Series,” a statement from Governor Patrick’s office read. “If the Red Sox win, Missouri will immediately legalize same-sex marriage. Should the Cardinals win, Massachusetts will revert to treating homosexuals like second-class citizens.”

A representative from Governor Nixon’s office confirmed the existence of the bargain and released a statement from Governor Nixon, which read in part, “The state of Missouri will recognize gay couples as the legal equals of straight couples if Boston wins, so you better not let us down, Cardinals!”

Massachusetts was the first state to legalize gay marriage in 2004. Missouri did not legalize consensual sodomy until 2006, three years after the Supreme Court ruled laws banning consensual sexual activity unconstitutional, and has had a ban on recognizing same-sex marriages since 2004.

When the Cardinals and Red Sox previously met in the World Series in 2004, Missouri governor Bob Holden and Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney wagered that the loser would have to watch the other run for president and be defeated.

“I know that the 52% of our citizens who are opposed to gay marriage might be concerned our wholesome state may become a modern-day Gomorrah, but that’s all the more reason to make sure we turn out in force to support our boys!” Nixon’s statement concluded.

The series begins Wednesday night in Boston before switching to St. Louis for Game 3 on Saturday. While no official word on the political wager has been issued from either clubhouse, Cardinals outfielder Carlos Beltrán is reportedly “deeply conflicted.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80922,"Hey, State Department, it’s the EPA. Sooooo, we read your environmental review on the Keystone XL pipeline. First things first, we love environmental reports and really appreciate you taking the time to do one even though you deal with really important things. If you wouldn’t mind though, a few things just kinda popped up in […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81210,"Kansas City, Mo. — The ghost of Kasandra Perkins– the 23 year-old who was murdered by Kansas City Chiefs Linebacker Jovan Belcher before he drove to a Chiefs practice facility, thanked his general manager, coach, and defensive coordinator for the opportunity to play for them, and then fatally shot himself in the head–held a lightly-attended press conference this morning to remind the national media that her life ended that fateful Saturday as well.

“While I understand all of the attention that my boyfriend and father of my child has received, what with him playing in the NFL and all, I’d like to point out that before he took his own life, he first shot me multiple times, including quite a few times after I was undeniably dead,” Perkins declared to those present. “You guys know that, right?”

While the facts of this murder/suicide are not in doubt, there has been rampant speculation in the media as to the cause of Belcher’s actions. Some blame football and the culture of violence it inspires. Others have suggested that the strain of his relationship with Perkins may have taken him past the breaking point. Gun control advocates have called this tragedy a wake-up call for America, positing that if Belcher hadn’t owned and kept guns in his home, he might still be alive today.

Brad Fanning, a sports multimedia journalist connected with Kansas City television station KCTV and one of two reporters at Perkins’ press conference, asked Belcher’s ex-girlfriend if she’d ever noticed any suicidal tendencies in Belcher on the day of her death.

“Are you kidding me?” Answered Perkins. “No. I didn’t notice any suicidal tendencies. I was too busy being shot to death in front of our three-month-old daughter.”

The other journalist at the press conference, blogger Eric Thurmond, writer of the mildly-popular Kansas City Chiefs-themed blog ‘The Scalper’, was very interested in Perkins’ story. “When Jovan was gunning you down,” he asked. “Did he give any you indication why he was going to specifically thank defensive coordinator Gary Gibbs before tragically committing suicide in that parking lot? I mean Crennel and Pioli make sense, but why Gibbs?”

Perkins spent the next few minutes politely answering questions about Belcher, including what he had for dinner the night before, did she feel he was a good father, and did she think that if the NFL had a more enlightened approach to concussions, might Belcher still be alive. Finally, Fanning asked Perkins if she thought Belcher’s gut-wrenching suicide the day before had in any way been inspiration for the Chiefs in their emotional 27-21 victory over the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.

“Who cares about that stupid football team!” shouted Perkins. “Jovan killed me! That’s the story! He got angry and we had a fight and he got his gun and shot me repeatedly! It’s called domestic violence! Are you even hearing me?”

The 2-10 Chiefs will travel to Cleveland later this week as they prepare to take on the 4-8 Browns this Sunday. Game time is 1:00 p.m. EST.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
28650,"A new study published in the journal Neuropsychologia has shown that religious fundamentalism is, in part, the result of a functional impairment in a brain region known as the prefrontal cortex. The findings suggest that damage to particular areas of the prefrontal cortex indirectly promotes religious fundamentalism by diminishing cognitive flexibility and openness – a psychology term that describes a personality trait which involves dimensions like curiosity, creativity and open-mindedness. Religious fundamentalism refers to an ideology that emphasizes traditional religious texts and rituals and discourages progressive thinking about religion and social issues. Fundamentalist groups generally oppose anything that questions or challenges their beliefs of way of life.

In reaction to news about the study, televangelist and host of “The 700 Club” Pat Robertson argued that scientific studies such as this “need to be banned” and that “there are few notions as longstanding and righteous in the human existence such as religion.” On a recent edition of his show, the conservative host said that religion is “perfect” and science is “flawed,” because “the latter keeps reexamining and changing its position on every little thing.” “If you think about it, any and all things created by man are flawed in one way or another. Science is no different, as it was designed to comfort mankind and allow us to think we are the masters of our own existence. Some would even argue it was given to mankind by Lucifer, to deter us from having faith in God,” he said.

Robertson continued, “On the other hand, religion is something pure and divine, something that’s based on one’s soul and spirit and as such is something that can never be quantified. We were created on this earth to serve God and were given our bodily senses to help us survive. But, as all wretched things, we became greedy in our freedom and started using our senses to tell ourselves that we’re the on the top of the food chain because we’re the most intelligent. That was a mistake. Though, I have to say – while I do support scientific achievements up to a certain point, because they make our lives easier and make the modern world what it is – I must say that it, nevertheless, asks incomparably more questions than it provides answers. As such, it must be used carefully.”

“And since we’re used to exaggerating with everything, so too is the case with science. As you can see, the latest scientific study aims to make us believe that having faith in God is somehow a sign of brain damage. That is equally preposterous as same-sex marriage, at least in my book. This is the final piece of evidence that science has reached its final stage of perversion and is now completely aimed towards making us lose our faith. That is why I urge and plead President Donald Trump to criminalize these so-called scientific studies and save the people of this country from demise. We are being hunted and persecuted from all sides and this is just another way Lucifer has discovered he can take aim at our soul. Unless we somehow use science to prove the existence of the Devil himself – or at least a demon or two – we need to stop using science altogether. It’s either that or we’re looking at another Sodom and Gomorrah,” Robertson concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79983,"President Donald Trump’s health care bill that was passed by the House Thursday would strip 7 million veterans of tax credits and put them in the high-risk pools because it classifies post-traumatic stress disorder as a pre-existing condition. Yet, senior Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway is accusing Democrats of not caring about veterans because they didn’t act enough to fix the Veterans Administration. “Where the hell were those Democrats – excuse me – when veterans were dying waiting for care?” Conway said, dripping with self-righteous indignation. She noted that she didn’t see Democrats on TV when veterans were “dying for care and deserved better.” Over and over during the 2016 campaign, Trump promised he would improve veterans’ healthcare and overhaul the entire VA system.

“Don’t you go and try to turn this around to make it look like Donald Trump is the bad guy here,” Conway argued during her interview with portal KnowMyRepublican.com. “This is not his doing and he’s not at fault here, not in the least. The only thing he is doing right now is exactly what he promised to do during his presidential campaign, and that’s overhaul the VA system. Now, the people are clearly not aware of this, but whenever you try to change something that’s been in place for any given time, there’s always going to be nay sayers who are okay with the existing status quo. However, things need to be shaken up and some stones have to get turned in order to find a better solution than the one currently in place, because it’s obviously not working.”

Conway went on to argue that although veterans “sucked it up and took one, and some of them several, for their team and country, it’s necessary to separate the ones who actually need healthcare benefits from those who are only pretending to need them.” “If we keep this up, we’re going to be bankrupt pretty soon,” she said. “Trumpcare has been very precisely formulated to make sure to continue providing aid to veterans who actually deserve it, as well as to those who really need it. There have been changes, yes, but the big picture is still unchanged. I can assure you, no one will be denied benefits provided they are actually qualified to receive them. As for those who would love to continue to cheat the system – what can I say, I’m sorry, but that ship has sailed along with Barack Obama and the rest of the Democrats.”

“And speaking of Democrats,” she continued, “they’re also a huge part of the problem. They started the wars our country is involved in, which is to say, they’re the ones directly responsible for the fact that we now have millions of veterans to take care of. If they hadn’t started wars left and right, we wouldn’t be in this situation right now. But, since Barack Obama kept bragging about democracy on one hand, and kept increasing troops on the other, somehow Donald Trump is now at fault for trying to tighten the belt and fix what his predecessor has broken.”

“You know, sometimes I get scared of these double standards the media keeps utilizing when characterizing the current and previous presidents of the country. I’m not saying he’s perfect, but Donald Trump is a businessman; he knows all there is to know about needlessly using cannon fodder. The man is good with money and non-military personnel pays more tax than soldiers. It’s simple math,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79894,"“Michael McCaul, the Chairman Rep. from Texas, has called out the Obama administration for side stepping Congress to push the immigration overhaul through, while at the same time acknowledging the country’s immigration system is broken.

““This is just not the way democracy works”, he stated, and added: “regardless of where you stand on the issue, there’s a right way to do this and there’s a wrong way.”

“Obama’s executive actions would halt deportations for nearly five million illegal immigrants, which applies to those who have been in the country for more than five years and have kids who are citizens or green card holders.

“Congress must pass a government funding bill by the 11th of December, in order to avoid a partial government shutdown. While conservatives are eager to use that bill as leverage to block Obama’s moves, Republican leaders fear that could result in a veto by Obama and a subsequent shutdown.

However, although the GOP isn’t really known for being subtle or quiet in any way or meaning, lately rumors have been circling around that a “behind the curtains” solution had been found. Apparently, many voices are saying that it’s certainly not the best of solutions, although it is a necessary one.

Newslo’s source inside the GOP has confirmed these rumors just moments after Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson was ripped into by Republican lawmakers on Tuesday.

“In the purpose of finding a common language, the Republicans have agreed to something they normally wouldn’t even dream of. The plan is to compromise with Obama in the interest of the greater good and allow a population exchange between the US and Mexico”, the source told Newslo.

The ingenious plan of the leading US politicians is to allow 5 million Mexicans to become legal US citizens, and in exchange send 5 million Americans (including the current White House occupant) to become citizens of Mexico.

President Obama was not available for comment, but a White House source close to the President’s staff has revealed that “although no one is supposed to know about this yet, the President is finally relieved that a solution for the immigration reform has been found. He was planning to work on his tan anyway.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
40730,"The organization behind a tax-payer subsidized “replica” of Noah’s Ark in Kentucky is blaming atheists for tax-payers getting fleeced by the project. Creationist Ken Ham built the $$92 million Ark Encounter project in Williamstown, Kentucky. The “dismal failure” of the project has backers lashing out at “intolerant atheists” for mocking the return on investment taxpayers have received. “Sadly, they are influencing business investors and others in such a negative way that they may prevent Grant County, Kentucky, from achieving the economic recovery that its officials and residents have been seeking,” complained Ken Ham, president of Answers in Genesis. “Why so many lies and misinformation? Simply because we are in a spiritual battle, and the intolerant secularists are so upset with such a world-class attraction like the Ark (and the Creation Museum) that publicly proclaims a Christian message,” Ham claimed.

He continued, “I have never seen so much hatred in anyone as I’ve seen in atheists who, for some reason, despise everything we stand for and everything we’re trying to do. Now, to put that into perspective, I am someone who has spent a lifetime teaching and professing Creationism. As someone who has done that for many decades, I have encountered hundreds of thousands of people who disagree with what I’m promoting. To put that simply, I’ve felt my fair share of hatred from many people differing in age, race, color, gender, religion – you name it and I’ve probably been hated by them. However, I must say that, despite all that, I never had a deeper problem with those people. That is because I understood the reason for their shallow hatred; that reason was fear, because they were taught to believe something they didn’t understand. So, when I explained to them my theory on why they were believing in the wrong thing, their instinct was to go on the defensive and hate me for shaking their core beliefs.”

“Regardless, after a while, I am proud to say many of them saw the light and even became members of my flock. They excepted Creationism as the one truth that makes sense. That goes to show the power that lies in turning the other cheek and working to protect one’s beliefs,” Ham said. “However, all that hatred that I have encountered during those years doesn’t even equate to one percent of the hatred I felt from atheists around the country. And I am sad to admit that the sole reason why my Ark failed is because of atheists. It is almost impossible to describe the kind of primal anger atheists feel towards Creationism and religion in general. As a matter of fact, I am even aware of many cases of atheists praying for my project to fail, believe it or not. I mean, are you aware of the kind of hatred it takes to make someone who hates God get down on their knees and pray to Him? It was difficult for me to fathom the concept of atheists having the ability to pray to something or someone at first, but it’s the truth.”

“Therefore, one should never underestimate the power of hatred. It’s the one thing that has enough oomph to be the driving force behind revolutions. The one thing I regret is not having paid more attention to atheists as a group, because I assumed they would be okay with the Ark attracting visitors to Kentucky. It’s sad, really. It’s also a shame, but sadness is the first thing a person feels when his most precious thing in the world is destroyed by non-believers. I promise you, from this day forward, I will never neglect atheists again in anything I do. Because, any group of people that’s willing to throw their core principles down the drain in order to achieve something by doing it is not only made up of opportunists, but is pitiful and treacherous. I don’t hate them; I would never give them the satisfaction of hating them back. I pity them, because their existence is as empty as the fact that they have no one to pray to when times get difficult. Oh, and I’ll revive the Ark, too. That’s a promise,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81883,"CLEVELAND – McDonald’s has announced that as a reward for his selfless acts in the liberation of three kidnapped women, it will ban hero Charles Ramsey from their chain for life – giving him the gift of not poisoning him with their high cholesterol, high sodium food-like products.

Ramsey contacted authorities after he helped Amanda Berry, one of the three kidnapped hostages, to escape from the house where she had been held captive for ten years. During both the 911 call and in numerous media interviews afterwards, Ramsey made a point of mentioning the seemingly extraneous detail that he had to “put down [his] McDonald’s” in order to respond to the unusual situation. Within hours, McDonald’s tweeted out their congratulations to Ramsey and that they would be in touch. Shortly after, the fast food behemoth expressed their appreciation by barring him from consuming their food at any of their locations the world over.

“Mr. Ramsey performed a noble public service, and as such has merited a reward,” said McDonald’s spokeswoman Nancy Florentine. “We here at McDonald’s feel that Mr. Ramsey is entitled to a life of delicious food with high nutritional value. He will never get that from us. Therefore, as an act of gratitude, we are actively banning him from all of our restaurants around the globe. The world needs Good Samaritans like Mr. Ramsey, and it is our duty to see to it that their lives are not cut short by high cholesterol and hypertension.”

“Mr. Ramsey, your arteries deserve a break today.” added Florentine.

In addition, McDonald’s has offered to help Mr. Ramsey with a makeover of his bedraggled personal appearance. “Sure, we’re not in the grooming and styling business, but you’ve got to start somewhere” Florentine said. Though they only have limited experience with dressing their gallery of advertising characters, they think Ramsey has “a Fry Guy thing going on.”

Both the Cleveland Police Department and Ohio Department of Corrections have also been contacted by McDonald’s, which has offered to feed the alleged abductor – Ariel Castro – for free as punishment for their heinous crimes.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79854,"France’s new president Emmanuel Macron described a white knuckle handshake in which he refused to relinquish his grip on U.S. president Donald Trump’s hand as “not innocent.” In an interview with the Journal du Dimanche Sunday, the French leader said his interaction with the American head of state was “a moment of truth.” “My handshake with him was not innocent. We need to show that we won’t make small concessions, even symbolic ones, while not overhyping things either,” Macron said. The leaders met in Brussels on Thursday ahead of a NATO summit, during Trump’s first foreign trip as president. Since assuming office, Trump’s forceful handshake has been widely remarked on.

Apparently, Trump viewed their meeting very differently. Namely, in an interview with portal KnowMyRepublican.com, President Trump looked back on the gaffe and commented, “Only a Frenchie can come up with something like that to ignore protocol and make headlines.” He continued, “I mean, if I’m going to be completely fair, I kind of understand why he acted that way. He was just elected, he’s young, energetic, and he probably wants to demonstrate some sort of power or whatever it is he thinks he’s achieving. I’ve got plenty of experience in the game and I’ve been through enough of those situations to be able to read the other guy sufficiently. I knew what he was after, and I didn’t want to give it to him, simply put. He’s got to learn his place and his manners when talking to people older and more significant than him.”

Trump continued, “I mean, you saw it – the whole world saw it – it was like some macho game or something. I laughed at the situation when it was all happening, but I can assure you it won’t happen again. I’ve been to a number of different countries as president by now, not to mention all the places I’ve been before winning the election. I can tell you, I wasn’t treated like this anywhere. At the end of the day, I’m not one bit surprised the French got annihilated during WW II. Because, only a Frenchie can dismiss all this protocol, which is in place for a reason, and try to play stupid, macho-wannabe games like that. He was being very unprofessional. What he needs to be doing is focusing on world problems, on problems in his country. They recently had how many terrorist attacks? That’s something you don’t neglect. And he obviously is.”

“The best thing for him right now would be to stop making these interviews and statements about how he knew what he was doing and how he’s equal to the rest of us – he’ll never be equal, he has to achieve a lot in order to be called equal to the likes of me and Putin. I don’t know what, I haven’t really thought about it, but off the top of my head, maybe figuring out how to get rid of all the illegal immigrants that have put France under siege. There more of them there than in any other country I’ve been to, to be honest. That’s why he needs to get to work and stop playing this third-grade games. Otherwise, when he comes to visit America, he’ll be in for a lot more than a painful handshake at the White House,” Trump concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82985,“That way they can add incest to their already twisted nature and have a deviant party whenever they feel like it”,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80981,"NEW YORK — With the race to pick New York’s next mayor becoming thicker by the day, men all across the city have rallied behind disgraced twitter user Anthony Weiner in a man-train of support, boosting the former congressman’s numbers.

Weiner, who resigned from Congress in 2011 after a “sexting scandal,” has generated a new fervor and compassion from males in the City after Weiner stated he “just wants a second chance,” and the sexting incident “was a one-time thing, a couple of times.”

“We’re going to rise to new heights, we’re going to rub out the competition, and we’re just going to plain bend over anyone who stands in the way of victory,” said Mark Kowalski, a supporter of Weiner’s massive campaign. “Frankly, if we keep waving around this kind of clout, there’s no way we can lose.”

Judging by the most recent poll numbers, Weiner is trailing behind City Council Speaker Christine Quinn (D-Manhattan), but only slightly. Minority voters, which constitute the largest of New York’s voting population, seem to be spilt in terms of voting, giving no real backing to either Quinn or Weiner, as of yet.

“We’re not worried, the numbers are skewed,” Kowalski continued. “Hell, by morning, wouldn’t it be nice if they published some accurate poll numbers?

Weiner’s run has raised some interesting questions on the political front, including those of the former congressman’s intensions; though Weiner had a “Keys to the City” plan back in his 2005 Mayoral race, there seems to be no concrete set plan of action in place if he is elected.

If, or even when, another photo from Weiner’s sexting days surfaces, even forgiving and inventive New Yorkers may not be so kind to his young campaign.

“Weiner is just a delight. I love to be around him!” said a local Chelsea resident. “So he tweeted his junk to some girl. Hasn’t everyone? I’d be hard-pressed alongside Weiner to try and find someone else who hasn’t done something illicit in the government.”

Christine Quinn, on the other hand, has garnered much support for her ‘Girl for Girl’ campaign, a motto that has both built on her sexual affiliation and her female empowerment promises. Quinn retains an overall lead against Weiner in terms of the female vote.

In a speech at Carnegie Hall, Quinn promised to shake clean the carpets of City Hall’s corruption and lift the curtains of secrecy over financial practices and pork barrel spending. Quinn also swore to lick Weiner so hard, “he wouldn’t know what hit him.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82125,Fox Business host John Stossel on Thursday declared that government programs should be cut based on the false assertion that “no one” died of starvation in the Great Depression before the modern “welfare state.” Stossel told the hosts of Fox & Friends that he had taken his cameras out on the…,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80551,A Florida man is suing the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office over a violent arrest in December 2012 that the officer was not able to defend in court. First Coast News reported on Monday that Bobby Wingate was cited by an officer for “walking down the…,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81398,"GENEVA – Following weeks of speculation, FIFA President Sepp Blatter today announced that soccer would no longer involve playing actual soccer, unless the ball is the decapitated head of a losing warrior.

Blatter’s announcement comes in the wake of a series of high-profile acts of violence related to the sport, from a soccer fan in England trying to punch a horse, to fans in Greece and Argentina attacking their own players, and Liverpool player Luis Suarez attempting to literally eat an opponent in the middle of a game.

“There comes a point at which you just have to embrace it,” Blatter sighed at a press conference held to introduce the change. “It was inevitable: whenever a soccer ball is around, everyone just wants to beat the crap out of each other. It’s human nature, I guess.”

This is just the latest attempt to incorporate more violence into the game. In the 1987-88 season, Manchester United tried using broadswords, with defender Paul McGrath disemboweling Gordon Durie to prevent the Chelsea striker from beating the offside trap. The experiment came to an abrupt end, however, when children started disemboweling each other in the playground, mimicking their favorite moment from that week’s round of games.

Under the new system, fans will enjoy greater interaction with the players while they’re trying to literally murder the opposing team and its supporters. “Wayne Rooney ignored my tweet to him a few days ago. Looking forward to making him regret ignoring me when my team plays United next week” said Fulham supporter Robert Davidson at the club shop, which now stocks replica Fulham armor among the scarves and tea cups.

Some teams have started using themed weapons and attacks to distinguish themselves, with West Ham using actual hammers, and Manchester United (the Red Devils) adopting pitchforks in their battles. Meanwhile, although Arsenal seems confident this season given their cache of weapons, experts predict they still might struggle with the physical side of the game, especially as players are going to literally get it “up ‘em.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79897,"The father of the leader of the Church of Scientology ripped into his own son for living high on the hog while the followers of the cult-like religion eke out a meager existence, often giving back their earnings to buy presents for the church leader. In an article for The Daily Beast taken from his book Ruthless, Ron Miscavige admitted that his son, David Miscavige, is “wrecking” the religion.

“And to think it all started so great,” Miscavige Senior argued. “We were really off to a great start, we were going to change the world. We had so many beautiful dreams of how we wanted the world to finally look like, it was supposed to be a utopia. But, I guess we all face trials and tribulations in our lives. Some of us suffer more, others less, but in the end, we’re all headed back into the same dirt from whence we came. Our lives truly are short.”

However, he added, “Nevertheless, I still can’t wrap my head around the tragedy that crept up on us somewhere along the way. I mean, one day we’re changing the world for the better, and then the next, my own son, my own flesh and blood is a tyrannical autocrat who rules with an iron fist and torments so many people that were stupid enough to believe him. It’s as if David is a spawn of the Devil, and not my offspring. I truly don’t know what went wrong with him, or when.”

“I used to be among the strongest of believers in the church, nothing could have shaken my faith. Now, I’m disgusted by what I see. I’ve come to the conclusion that any religion that has a man for an earthly leader is doomed from the get go,” Miscavige Senior added. “And yes, that also applies to the greatest and supposedly most forgiving religion in the world – Christianity. Because, it too has a single man in charge who is viewed as God’s messenger on this Earth. And as we’ve just seen with Scientology – that’s a load of BS.”

He also argued, “In fact, the only difference between the two is the fact that Christianity has more followers at the moment. But that doesn’t change the fact that members of both churches are idiots for letting men who are no holier or less sinful then they act as their leaders. Because, both religions propagate asceticism and, at the same time, both leaders of these religions enjoy gold, money and other materialistic things on a daily basis. So, it’s time to call it like it is: We are all fools for letting idiots lead us on like lambs to the slaughter. By worshiping our equals we are, in fact, worshiping the Devil himself. This is contrary to what we should be doing.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81275,"NEW YORK — Commuters along the Verrazzano-Narrows bridge yesterday morning were shocked to find NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg dangling below from a bungee-cord, duct-taping bricks of dynamite to the pilings in an attempt to sever the only physical tie Staten Island has to New York City.

“I’m blowin’ this shit up!” the mayor called out to the throng of witnesses gathered above, who were thrilled with news.

The mayor, who wore a tank-top camouflage shirt and gripped a knife between his teeth, looked right out of a Hollywood movie as he rappelled from post to post planting the explosives. The explosives have not yet been detonated, but the mayor is already receiving widespread support from residents of New York’s other four boroughs.

“He was like Tarzan swinging through the jungle,” said Brooklyn mechanic Sal Wexler. “It was badass. Then I found out he was destroying the bridge, and I was like wow, that’s super badass.”

Bloomberg’s escapade illustrates the throbbing contempt many NYC residents feel towards Staten Island, which is dull, full of trees, and really ought to belong in New Jersey. The mayor has been bluntly vocal about his thoughts on the borough, calling the Island God-awful, embarrassing, and filled with too many guidos.

“My actions yesterday were not politically motivated,” Bloomberg told Newslo in a statement. “I just fucking hate that place.”

Staten Island, the least populated of all the five boroughs, receives over 10 million unique tourists annually from all over the world, all of whom immediately leave on the next Manhattan-bound ferry. With its open spaces, affordable housing, and lack of public transportation, many believe Staten Island really has no business calling itself part of New York City.

“Before I retire as mayor – which I can assure you will never happen – I promise the people of the great city that Staten Islanders will no longer be able to able to call themselves New Yorkers.”

Bloomberg has been frequently accused of over-stepping his boundaries as mayor, including his recent smoking bans, soda bans, and reports that he has personally held mothers at gun-point while demanding they breast feed their children.

Many are thankful, however, that the mayor is finally taking action against the bridge and the outrageous $$18 toll to get across.

“That bridge is an eye-sore,” said Bath Beach retiree Ethel Pfizer. “You should pay me $$18 to go over there.”

In related news, the U.S. Air Force has received numerous calls from the mayor’s office detailing plans for a drone strike on the Staten Island ferry, as well the Hudson River ferry connecting NYC to Hoboken.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80430,"WASHINGTON – As most of America wallowed in a sort of collective despair, resigned to the dismal prospect of receiving Obama spam for the rest of their earthly lives, the President on Tuesday ignited a real glimmer of hope for the future.

“I will never stop spamming,” Obama said firmly, “but, from this point forward, anyone who donates to my campaign will have the option to stop receiving the emails.” Sources could not determine if this was a permanent exemption or only a temporary respite, but it is true that individuals who recently donated only $$5 have stopped receiving further donation requests.

“It’s like I can finally breathe again,” said Sheila Emmonds, a schoolteacher from Missouri. “It got to the point where I was getting hundreds of these emails from Obama every day. I couldn’t eat, I couldn’t sleep… things were dark. But now I can finally smile once more. I can look at my kids and tell them honestly that things will be all right.”

While the ability to donate and opt out of the emails is a godsend for many, the announcement also comes with bad news. This deal confirms that the spam will not end with the election season, as some had dared to hope. Obama’s campaign manager David Axelrod explained that the emails would keep coming for at least the next fifty years.

“Obama spam is like healthcare,” Axelrod said. “Everyone deserves it, and everyone needs to have it. If you want to opt out, fine, but you’re going to have to pay for that privilege.” Thankfully, a five dollar donation is all it will take – for now, at least.

Oliver Drummond, a senior citizen originally from England, had a particularly interesting response to Obama’s announcement. “It was like when Winston Churchill would address us during the Blitz of London. Bombs were falling on us every night, people were scared, there were fires in the streets. But then Winston Churchill came on the radio, and he made you really believe things could get better. That’s how Obama made me feel, saying the spam might end.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81776,"PYONGYANG — In a stunning move, the government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (commonly known as North Korea) announced today that the entire year of 1953 never happened.

“The terrorists of the West have for too long pulled the wool over the eyes of the world,” said an unnamed North Korean foreign ministry spokesman. “Today we announce the truth. 1953 was a figment of your imagination. It is time to wake up from the nightmare.”

According to the spokesman, the evidence that 1953 never happened has always been out in plain site, and that it was only through threat of force that the United States convinced the rest of humanity that it had ever occurred. “Look at the facts. American Baseball’s World Series in 1953 was simply a replay of the year before with the New York Yankees defeating the Brooklyn Dodgers. Marilyn Monroe never posed nude for Playboy. And does anyone honestly believe The Greatest Show on Earth could possibly defeat High Noon for Best Picture? You have all been so blind.”

Then, under his breath, he added, “And the Korean War never ended… in case you were wondering.

Victoria Nuland, Spokesperson for the U.S. Department of State, brushed off North Korea’s accusation as lunacy. “Pierce Brosnan, Rick Moranis, Tim Allen, John Malkovich, Kim Basinger, the guy from Monk. All born in 1953,” she said. “Do they want us to believe these people don’t exist? That’s ridiculous. Well, aside from Basinger.”

Long-time Korean analyst Aidan Foster-Carter warned that North Korea’s likening of 1953 to the ‘it was only a dream’ season of Dallas may forever remain an enigma. “[North Korean Supreme Leader] Kim Jong-un is flexing his muscles and showing the world what he does and doesn’t like,” he said. “Why did he pick 1953? Maybe he hates Waiting for Godot [first performed on January 5, 1953], maybe he thinks the Rosenbergs deserved clemency, maybe he’s planning on threatening the world with polio and he doesn’t want Salk’s vaccine to get in the way. We may never know.”

Renowned Korean War historian and Professor of history at East China Normal University Shen Zhihua noted one more possibility for Kim Jong-un’s odd decree: “The armistice agreement ending the Korean War was signed in 1953,” he recalled. “Technically, without that agreement, the war never ends, which means North Korea could invade South Korea at a moment’s notice.”

“But that’s probably just a coincidence,” he added. “I’m pretty sure it’s the nude Marilyn thing.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80017,"“Bristol Palin, former reality television star and daughter of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R), criticized President Barack Obama for inviting a Muslim teenager to the White House after he was arrested for bringing a homemade clock to school. Ahmed Mohamed, a 9th grader at MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas, was arrested on Wednesday and asked if he tried “to make a bomb” after showing a homemade clock to a teacher. Later in the day, Obama tweeted at Ahmed and invited him to the White House.

“In a post on her Patheos blog Thursday, Palin argued Obama should “STAY out” of the situation with Ahmed. “This encourages more racial strife that is already going on with the ‘Black Lives Matter’ crowd and encourages victimhood,” Palin wrote. She also said: “Besides, considering how our President is ‘handling’ the whole Iran nuclear deal situation, I’m not sure he should be dealing with Muslims altogether, even if the kid is just that – a kid.”

Palin then went on to say that one of President Obama’s main problems is “the fact that he seems to have a short-term memory” and that “American politicians altogether appear to forget things too lightly.”

“If memory serves me right, several of the 9/11 terrorists were named ‘Ahmed,’ and a number of them also had the name ‘Mohamed.’ Now, I’m usually not that big on symbolism, but considering everything that’s going on with ISIS and the migrant crisis in Europe, I’m prone to thinking that if they’re Muslim and their name happens to be ‘Ahmed’ or ‘Mohamed,’ that can’t be good for this country, even if they’re kids,” Palin stated in a subsequent interview.

She added: “I don’t know what the deal is with our President that makes him react by inviting potential terrorists in the White House. Maybe he has short-term memory or something. Oh wait, I actually do know – he shouldn’t be president. So far all he’s managed to do is piss off half of the world and bow down to the other half. That’s not the American way and it will be the end of us if we don’t change pretty soon.”

“And our politicians, especially Democrats, aren’t too smart, either. All they want to do is talk to people they shouldn’t be talking to when what they should be doing is gearing up the troops, kicking asses and taking names. As for the genius Muslim kid, I feel sorry for him. I wish his parents named him differently. This way, his name is going to put him on terrorist blacklists all around the world. It’s too bad, he seems like a smart kid,” the former Alaskan governor’s daughter concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81507,"Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) on Friday said that he opposed a constitutional amendment to ban corporations from having the same rights as people because the idea was “absurd.” Speaking to the conservative American Enterprise Institute, McConnell accused President Barack Obama’…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82329,"“We’re hoping Wang can pave the way for generations of Chinese space travelers to come,” said an official. “After that, we’ll just kind of push her out of the Heavenly Palace and let her drift through space for all eternity.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80469,"WITCHITA, Kan. — Republican Representative Tim Huelskamp has found himself in hot water after a local interview in which he accidentally named a specific federal program he would cut in order to curb government spending.

“There’re plenty of wasteful government programs that can eliminated,” Huelskamp’s ill-fated interview began. “For example, we’re spending over $$1.9 billion for marketing and regulatory programs in the Department of Agriculture, including three individual campaigns encouraging Americans to eat healthy food. We can cut two of those and save over $$200 million.”

Reaction was swift as party members lined up to distance themselves from the Kansas Republican.

“I’ve never actually met this so-called Congressman Huelskamp,” said House Majority Leader Eric Cantor while quickly running up the Capitol steps and covering his face with his hands. “I mean come on. Huelskamp? Is that even a real name?”

“Tim’s always been a bit of a loose cannon,” explained fellow Kansas GOP Representative Lynn Jenkins. “Kansas Republicans can rest assured that I would never betray their trust by coming up with an actual position on anything. I’m in a specifics-free zone.”

Despite the best efforts of the GOP to bury the unforced gaffe, the Obama administration was quick to pounce.

“Representative Huelskamp has only given voice to what has long been known in Washington,” said White House Chief of Staff Jacob Lew. “Republicans will force-feed sugar and fat down the throats of your children to pay for tax cuts for the rich.”

Speaker of the House John Boehner attempted to put out the fire – known around Capitol Hill as The Huelskamp Blunder – at an emotional and hastily-called press conference. “Obviously this individual does not speak for the Republican Party,” he said. “We strongly believe that the only way for this country to balance its budget and find fiscal sanity is by proposing a series of large, unspecified, generic cuts in the discretionary budget, not by eliminating any actual programs.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81789,"MADISON, Wis. — Facing a tight reelection battle in a state still scarred from his 2012 recall, Gov. Scott Walker is peering at new pockets of potential supporters, hoping to draw them out of the woodwork and boost his chances at the polls. Walker used his recent State of the State speech to woo one especially coveted constituency: registered sex offenders.

A beaming Walker briefly shared the stage with Christopher Barber, a 32-year-old welder, registered sex offender, and felon, applauding Barber as example of putting Wisconsinites back to work.

Barber, clad in a welding helmet and gloves, strode across the Assembly chamber’s stage as Walker offered a rousing hand and said, “Every time we help someone find a job, it makes for a strong home, a stronger community, and a stronger state.”

“We need more people like Barber in this state,” continued Walker, “independent go-getters who are unwilling to take ‘no’ for an answer.”

Barber was sentenced to 10 years in prison for a 2005 conviction of third-degree sexual assault, according to online court records first exposed by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.

“Barber helps put the ‘sin’ back in Wisconsin,” Walker enthusiastically told supporters, testing out his new campaign slogan.

Yet only a day after his speech, the governor was forced to walk back some of his praise after learning that Barber was a unionized laborer.

Walker became a lightning rod for pro-union activists after pushing through the 2011 Budget Repair Bill that stripped many public-sector workers of their collective bargaining rights.

“Obviously, it’s frustrating,” said Walker when asked about the lack of vetting that allowed Barber on the stage. “There were thousands of other examples we could have used that would have been preferred,” Walker told the press, “including sex offenders that don’t have a sordid history of involvement with unions.”

Records indicate that there are 12,401 registered sex offenders in Wisconsin. It remains unclear whether non-unionized sex offenders can form a large enough voting bloc to secure Walker’s victory in November.

His likely Democratic opponent in the race, Mary Burke, was fully expecting Walker to “fight dirty.” In her first fundraising letter, she called Walker a “Tea Party hero” who treats women like second-class citizens. “But I never expected he’d hold up a sex offender as an example of his vision for Wisconsin.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81431,"According to the plan, the tax credit would be a one-time payment of $$25,000 for a full renunciation of the protections of the Bill of Rights, or two payments of $$12,500 for fiscal years 2013 and 2014.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81181,"Recently on “The 700 Club,” a viewer asked Pat Robertson for advice on behalf of a friend who recently bought a house she believes is haunted, reporting unusual events such as a shaking bed, mysteriously opened cabinet doors and “an unintelligible electronic voice.” “Sell!” Robertson advised. “Sell and get out!” Robertson suggested that “demon spirits” may be responsible for bizarre incidents in the house, which the viewer said was the site of two suicides. While he said the viewer “could get a group of people in there and do an exorcism to get rid of” the demons, he advised her to instead “sell the thing and let somebody else have the problem.”

“It’s kind of like what you’d do to your wife, if she ever got possessed by demons,” the televangelist added, obviously attempting to make a comparison for the purposes of proving his point. “No way in hell would I ever want to deal with her in that state again. I’d dump her and get the heck out of dodge. Let someone else deal with the problem, it’s not in the husband’s job description. I mean, it’s bad enough we’re expected to put up with their hormones, mood swings, cravings, and unreasonable shopping sprees, but it’s another thing to have to put up with all of that, and then also be worried about when she’s going to fall into a deep trance, take a kitchen knife and make a bow tie out of your intestines.”

“And that’s my advice to you on how your friend should deal with the house in question, Sir, she needs to get the heck out of there and let somebody else deal with it,” he continued. “It’s not her duty to have to suffer just because some poor souls decided they had enough of this life and chose to commit suicide in their home. I mean, the equivalent of that would be if somebody’s wife chained them to the radiator and forced them to watch and listen as she goes through her periods, then her rampant cycles of crying, laughing and being angry for no reason, and then experience menopause. It just wasn’t meant to be and there’s no way someone should suffer the consequences of the actions of others. This particularly applies to husbands.”

Robertson added, “Because it’s all part of a grand design of things that governs all of our lives. For instance, imagine if your wife got possessed by a demon that happens to be a nymphomaniac. I’m sure you’d be glad at first, but after a while, you’d probably start to feel fed up and you’d resist. At that point, your only option would be to simply let someone else have her, and therein lies the plot. There’s a great chance that that someone else would likely be a sinner who deserves such punishment. Like, imagine if the other guy was impotent. The demon possessing your now ex-wife would probably feel it hit the jackpot, and the other guy would love that situation as well. So, what I’m trying to say is – there’s a reason for everything. You just tell your friend I told her to leave that house immediately and let someone else fix it,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81327,"DAMASCUS — The heavy bombardment of targets near Damascus International Airport by Syrian warplanes this week has led to major travel delays for Westerners seeking to return home from their annual Middle East getaways.

“They warned us to cancel our vacation here,” said Lars Skalnes, a German fashion designer whose Lufthansa flight had been delayed several hours due to a suicide bombing near the airport’s cratered runway. “Now I know why – it’s utter chaos – nothing’s on schedule, everyone’s late.”

Officials associated with the airport were unable to provide information as to when flights might be back on schedule, but confirmed that over 20 ground personnel had been killed by Syrian death squads since the flight delays began. “We’re obviously coping with a much smaller workforce,” said the airports Operations Director, Aljid Gahani. “No one wants to come to work – everyone’s afraid of the bombardments and death squads.”

American citizen and mountain enthusiast Tom Brakken, who scaled the peaks of Syria’s Mount Hermon during his visit, was unconvinced by the official story. “I’ve been waiting twelve hours for my luggage, not to mention a food court with no vegetarian options,” complained Brakken. “Had I known there was gonna be a war, I would’ve extended my ticket to climb the Northern peaks.”

American and British governments released a joint statement condemning the Syrian regime for its hostilities towards rebel factions “near Damascus’ International Airport” and demanded a “full restoration to airport operations.” As the Syrian death toll rose to 75,000 this week, according to U.N. estimates, a number of Western tourists sustained serious injuries as a result of the conflict’s collateral damage.

Just two weeks ago, a British citizen suffered a back sprain after unwittingly falling from a hotel bed due to the demolition of a civilian orphanage across the street. Over 100 Syrian children were killed in the offensive, rendering ambulance service unavailable for the injured Westerner. The injured patron filed a formal complaint with the British embassy, requesting a change in triage policies for European travelers who lack familiarity with the country’s services.

According to reports this morning, Syrian bombers have already destroyed the airport’s main terminal, yet details remain unclear. If these reports hold true, flight delays for travelers seeking to leave the country are likely to be extended for a period of years.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82634,"Everybody knew Donald Trump was about to go off on one of his trademark rants at a rally in South Carolina recently when he said of Muslims: “I know so many, they’re so great, they’re such good people.” Much as he tends to compliment immigrants before attacking them as likely rapists and murderers, Trump then said that the government must be concerned about Muslim refugees because “there’s something going on.”

He also said that there is something about President Obama that makes him ignore this supposed threat from Muslims: “We can’t close our eyes. I don’t know what’s wrong with Obama, he wants to close his eyes and pretend it’s not happening. Why is he so emphatic on not solving the problem? There’s something we don’t know about. There’s something we don’t know about.”

The real estate magnate then once again brought forth the theory that President Obama is a Muslim and also asked rally attendees to “report the President to authorities if you have any suspicions whatsoever about his religion.”

“C’mon people, everybody in this room is familiar with the birth certificate incident our President has,” Trump said. “Don’t tell me that we have a single person in this room who actually believes that President Obama is a Christian? Where are you, show yourself? That’s right, no one. He knows what he is, we know what he is, so what are we all waiting for? Let’s put a Christian and a true American back in the White House!” he yelled, causing the room to explode in applause and whistles.

The media mogul also added: “You know what? I want every single person here to pick up their phone and spread the word, I want people throughout the country to sit down tonight and think very hard. If you take into consideration everything you know, or everything you think you know about our president, and you find yourselves thinking he is a Muslim, I want you to pick up your phone and report him to the authorities, report him to the FBI, report him to whoever you can think of. We need to take charge and seize control of this country from anyone who aims to hurt it, and judging by what Obama has been doing for the last 8 years, I think we all know what he really plans on doing with it, as well as what he’s working on now.”

“If the FBI won’t arrest him, DEA will. If they won’t, Homeland Security will. If they won’t, the CIA will. I don’t care, we have plenty of agencies in this country that care about its wellbeing and I refuse to believe that we lack the tools to protect ourselves. And look at what Obama’s planning on doing with Syrian refugees. That’s a whole other story and all the more reason to put him away for good A.S.A.P,” Trump argued.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79969,"“A woman spoke out in a recent blog post defending her decision to abort her unborn baby solely because she found out it was a boy. In the post, the woman explains that she found herself unexpectedly pregnant but knew she was ready to be a mother.

““In the spring of 2012, I found out that I was pregnant,” the blog post reads. “I had a good idea who the donor was, but money wasn’t really an issue, and I knew that I would be a good mother-like figure for the child by myself. I have always believed in the right for all women to have a choice in terminating their pregnancy, but when I confirmed the diagnosis about a month into it, I decided that I WAS ready to have this child.”

“While she was pregnant, however, the woman, known as Lana, had a few experiences that strengthened her feminist views. In the blog post, Lana goes into detail about how one encounter with a man who blasted her for attending an Occupy Wall Street rally led to her making the decision to abort her baby after finding out that it was a boy.

““I was in shock, I started crying, weeping at the thought of what I was about to curse the world with,” Lana describes. “On my way home, my driver asked if I was ok and if I needed anything. ‘JUST STOP HERE,’ I yelled. Deciding to walk 4 blocks back home. My home became my prison and my fetus became my warden for the next 48 hours. Crying, sobbing, uncontrollable weeping, mental anguish the likes of which may only be experienced by those who have had their lives destroyed by war, I was a refugee, and my home was my refugee camp, an unfamiliar place that was just…sheltering me.”

““By the third day, I started regaining some of my mental strength and I knew what I had to do,” the woman continued. “I couldn’t bring another monster into the world. We already have enough enemies as it is.”

“Lana wound up going through with an abortion, and even now that she has a healthy 1-year-old daughter three years later, she stands by her decision. “I don’t hate men, I hate the patriarchy, what men, and even some women, turn into, I wasn’t going to let that happen with my offspring. The chances were greater that it would with a male, it was unacceptable,” the post reads. “If the curse returns, I would do the exact same thing all over again.”

“After posting the revealing blog, Lana received a large amount of criticism and even some death threats. Now, in response to the negative feedback, the woman says she continues to stand by her decision.

“Why can’t people understand I just HAD to do it? The child would have wound up having bad genes from his mother’s side, and I just couldn’t let that happen. There’s already one of me in the world; the last thing this planet needed was another me with a penis,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81680,"NEW YORK – According to sources, real estate mogul and reality-TV show host Donald Trump—who is reportedly exploring the possibility of purchasing the New York Times—would make dramatic changes to the famed paper’s editorial ethos. Central to Mr. Trump’s plan is “viewpoint inclusion,” most importantly the “disenfranchised voices of America” and the “totally batshit-insane.”

“Mr. Trump believes the New York Times, being America’s most-read newspaper, needs to include the perspectives of all its readers,” a source said. “That necessarily includes those that endorse views normally ignored by the lame-stream media.”

“For example,” the source continued. “Is the Obama Administration made up entirely of malevolent automatons, manufactured in China and installed by the Bilderbergs to usher in a thousand years of Communist/Islamic darkness? We don’t know, but it’s important to ask these questions.”

Mr. Trump has been one of the most vocal figures in the so-called “Birtherism” movement, which questions the validity of President Obama’s citizenship by asserting that he was actually born in Kenya, rather than Hawaii as his birth records show. Under Trump ownership, the paper would “actively pursue the question of Obama’s Americanness.” In fact, a source said, “the words ‘President Obama’ would never again appear in the paper.” Instead, the “man who currently inhabits the White House would be referred to as ‘B. Hussein Obama, Illegal Alien in Chief.”

Another source said that, if he’s able to buy it, Mr. Trump would take an active role in the paper. “He’s considering actually writing some stuff himself. One idea is a daily advice column, devoted to helping readers with issues like hair-fashion, social manners, and projecting a generally foul and disagreeable aura.”

The Sulzberger family, which currently controls the Times, said in a statement that they’d “rather convert the New York Times Company into a toilet paper manufacturer [than sell the paper to Mr. Trump], since it would amount to the same thing.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80815,"Sources from the Donald Trump campaign told NBC News reporter Katy Tur that there is an uproar over accusations that Melania Trump’s much-anticipated speech on Monday night was plagiarized from a speech by First Lady Michelle Obama in 2008. The Trump camp has been scrambling to explain similarities between the two speeches, going so far as to blame Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Tur, who has been covering the Trump campaign, said that Melania didn’t want to do the speech in the first place, but in the end was brought on board to try and humanize the bombastic candidate.

However, the Slovenian-born former top-model rushed to explain herself in an exclusive interview with none other than NBC News itself. “First of all, let me say that it’s not easy being married to a presidential candidate, let alone a Republican one,” Trump’s wife said. “But, every marriage has its obstacles and being supportive 24/7 is one of the most difficult ones. This is something I did not because I want to become First Lady, but because I love my husband and I’ve got his back all the time.”

She then continued to shift her rhetoric from explaining her role as Donald Trump’s wife to attacking none other than the current First Lady Michelle Obama – something she obviously picked up from her sharp-tongued husband. “But allow me to also say that I did not in any way, shape or form plagiarize anyone’s speech. The words that came out of my mouth during the address in question were pre-written, but were written from the heart. Any similarities with other speeches are accidental and completely unintentional,” she said.

“In fact, it’s easy to be labeled a plagiarizer when everything you want to say has already been said by someone else,” Melania Trump added. “If anyone should be upset the speech sounded similar to Michelle Obama’s, it should be me. Because, Michelle Obama intentionally and purposely hogged all the good stuff for herself and put in in her speeches. There isn’t an ounce of the good stuff left for the rest of us. And she did it on purpose to inflict damage on any other woman that ever wants to become First Lady.”

“I should be the one complaining about Michelle Obama monopolizing political speeches in this country. And given the fact that this is a country where the law is the highest instrument of justice, I would imagine someone at some point had enacted legislation that would regulate this kind of shameful plagiarizing, even if it was committed by the acting First Lady,” Trump’s wife also said. “I speak from the heart, try to deliver a good message to people, and this is what I get? I don’t care if she is the First Lady, she needs to answer for what she’s done.”

The Republican presidential candidate’s wife also argued that she “wasn’t aware it was okay to monopolize the presidency of the country,” along with that, if it is, “my husband should then have plenty of fun when he wins the election in November.” “You know, I came to this country to start a new life, as most people do. But now, I’m wondering if I made the right choice coming here. Maybe I should have taken my good-looking genes elsewhere,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82140,"The Rev. Franklin Graham has once again spoken out against chain store Target’s announcement that it will stop separating toys and bedding into boys and girls sections, by stating that such a move ignores the traditional American families that “made its stores strong” in favor of the gender-neutral movement. “I have news for them and for everyone else – God created two different genders. Jesus said, ‘Have you not read that He who created them from the beginning made them male and female’ (Matthew 19:4),” he said, adding, “you can’t get any clearer than that.”

“And this is not something that’s subjected to choice, you don’t just get to pick who you identify as. I don’t care what modern science and advanced medicine say – you are what you’re born with, not what you perceive to be because you’re delusional and deranged enough to believe your outer organs don’t match your inner feelings,” he went on a rant while commenting on his aforementioned Facebook post. “ God has stated his design very clear, that’s why women and men are so similar, yet so different at the same time. There’s no room for confusion or questioning. If your thingy is on the outside – congratulations, you’re a man, if it’s on the inside – you’re a woman. It’s that simple,” he told The Huffington Post.

“Just the other day I was walking down the street and I saw – I’m sorry to have to say what I’m about to say, but it’s for the purposes of proving a point – I saw one of the most beautiful behinds ever, literally, I felt like crying. It was wrapped in skinny jeans, plump, toned and sculpted like you wouldn’t believe. But, as I lifted my eyes, when the person turned around, I was shocked and disgusted to realize it was actually a man and not a woman. That completely blew my mind, the realization that clothes are today worn as if there is no difference between the genders, when there clearly is a major one,” Graham added.

He continued, “Therefore, we need to change things and we need to change them now. There are many ways to do that, some great, some not so much, but the last thing we want is to allow men to wear women’s clothes and vice versa – unless they’re playing a prank. So, what I think we should do is, we should get the manufacturers to start marking all women’s clothes with a symbol, any symbol, like, I don’t know, a pink star or something. And women across America should also tag their existing clothes with the same symbol and make it visible. That way, they’ll be able to respect the genders created by God.”

“Because, at the rate we’re going, soon you won’t be able to tell if a person is male or female just by looking at them, things have gotten that weird. The gender line is being constantly attacked by the gender-neutral movement, so much so that today men can and are wearing women’s clothes shamelessly in public, starting with those darn skinny jeans and pink t-shirts and whatnot. This has to stop and this has to stop now or we’ll all go down in flames. And when we do, the Devil is going to be waiting for all those feminized men to give them a piece of his…mind,” Graham concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80443,"“Never in my fourteen years of coaching this team have I seen us look so winded and miss so many blocks,” said Patriots coach Bill Belichick. “There was something else at work here, and it wasn’t just the altitude.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80959,"WASHINGTON — On Wednesday President Barack Obama fled to Canada’s Yukon in an effort to avoid having to make a decision about the Keystone XL Pipeline. The controversial pipeline would carry tar sands oil from Alberta, Canada to a Gulf refinery in the US.

According to Obama, who spoke while loading his cabin full of canned goods and bottled water, “I’m on vacation. I wouldn’t flee, no. That doesn’t, I’m not, it’s just not…Leave me alone. Diplomatic immunity!”

Obama has for years delayed making a decision about the pipeline, which is opposed by every environmental group on the planet, except for the token Fox Science Group, which has said, “This pipeline stands to potentially reverse global warming, fix the ozone layer, employ millions, and stop Mexican illegals from stealing our daughters.”

The pressure to make a decision is mounting on President Obama. Complicating matters is the Pegasus pipeline in Arkansas, which ruptured on March 30. Also carrying tar sands oil, the Pegasus pipeline spilled close to 420,000 gallons of oil into residential areas, forcing the evacuation of 22 homes in Mayflower, Arkansas.

Asked for a reaction to the Pegasus spill, Obama said, “Lovely country, that Canada. I think I’ll stay for a while. We’ll deal with Keystone, Pegasus, and the rest of them when I get back.”

The Arkansas disaster followed a spill in Utah on March 18 during which a Chevron pipeline spilled 25,000 gallons into local wetlands. That was the third spill in three years for Chevron in Utah.

A federal regulatory agency proposed a $$1.7 million fine on ExxonMobil recently for a 2011 leak from a similar pipeline that spilled 63,000 gallons into the Yellowstone River. In 2010, Chevron spilled 33,000 gallons into Red Butte Creek, and they failed to respond to the leak for ten hours.

Asked why their pipes “suck” and “leak more than a hotel room in a porn shoot,” Chevron CEO John S. Watson said, “Because I’ve flooded the political system with money, that’s why.”

“In 2011 and 2012 I personally gave $$30,400 to the National Republican Senatorial Committee. I’ve also given maximum annual donations to Mitt Romney, Mitch McConnell, Orrin Hatch, and others, as well as thousands of dollars to PACs. Not to mention what others at the company have done. We’re untouchable.”

Every such land spill has led environmental groups to call for harsher punishments, stricter oversight, and a rejection of the Keystone XL pipeline. Activists working for these organizations pooled resources in 2012 to donate $$5.32 to President Obama’s campaign.

Obama hasn’t been seen since Thursday.

The State Department, onto which Obama has pushed responsibility(as the pipeline crosses international borders), will hold a farcical hearing on the environmental impact of the pipeline on April 18 in Grand Island, Nebraska.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81010,"LEITH, N.D. — When an outsider moves into a town of fewer than 25 people, residents tend to take notice. And when the newcomer begins buying up property to transform the town into an all-inclusive resort, travelers would be wise to read the fine print before making reservations.

As originally reported by The Bismarck Tribune, Paul Craig Cobb, 61, purchased his two-story clapboard house, as well as a dozen plots of land around Leith, with the intention of transferring or selling much of the land to like-minded white supremacists recruited through Craigslist and white power message boards.

Alex Linder, a neo-Nazi running the online Vanguard News Network, and Tom Metzger, former grand dragon of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in California, were among the first to claim places in what Cobb bills as an all-white enclave named “Cobbsville,” where “responsible hard core” residents are free to fly “racialist” banners without “leftist journalists or antis” who insist on “promoting diversity, which can only lead to division and disunity.”

Both Linder and Metzger are reasonably happy with their accommodations, which feature plenty of arable land, antique wicker furniture, and decorative Nazi memorabilia. Yet, they are dissatisfied with what they claim are unanticipated caveats to the retreat’s otherwise “all-inclusive” policy.

“I was shocked to learn that only non-alcoholic beverages were included with my stay,” said Linder. “Cobb knows I needs [sic] constant and unfettered access to my Jack [Daniel’s whiskey]. Without it, I start to get crazy ideas…ideas like maybe more inclusiveness is the answer, not less—both here in Leith and around the world,” he mumbled between sips of bourbon from a jam jar (added cost: $$8.50).

Metzger decided to make public his disapproval of the restrictive policies he says make him feel unwelcome in a place he is legally permitted to stay. “Yeah,” said Metzger, “I was the one to set that sun umbrella on fire in Cobb’s backyard. Now he’ll think twice before charging me extra for a margarita at the swimming hole.”

The sheriff of Leith attempted to calm worried citizens, including the town’s lone black resident, noting that while Cobb is wanted in Canada on charges of promoting hatred, he has no history of inciting violence. But it is his lack of a septic tank and running water that may allow the city council to force Cobb out of Leith for violating health codes. Failing that, the council has formulated a backup plan to immediately dissolve the town should Cobb and his associates gain a majority vote.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
28648,"Digging up Mike Pence’s past political work has become a sport in the brief time since he was named Donald Trump’s running mate. The most recent finding is that Pence penned strong anti-LGBT letters in the 1990s during his time as head of the Indiana Policy Review. In 1993, he attacked gay leadership in the military, claiming: “Homosexuals are not as a group able bodied. They are known to carry extremely high rates of disease brought on because of the nature of their sexual practices and the promiscuity, which is a hallmark of their lifestyle.”

Given his long history of calling to violence against members of the LGBT population, it’s no surprise that Pence can’t go long without going back to his hateful ways. In a recent interview with Fox News, following the results of the presidential election in which his running mate Donald Trump triumphed over Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, Pence issued a call to homosexuals throughout the United States to “voluntarily quit any jobs they might have with God-fearing employers” for the purposes of “avoiding laws that reject gay people from working in such jobs.”

Whether his latest rant has something to do with Donald Trump’s already transforming post-election rhetoric, in which he revealed that he now plans to scrap only parts of Obamacare, and not the whole program, as previously announced on multiple occasions, is still unclear. What is a lot more clear is that Pence, along with the president-elect, has started toning down his political views, perhaps in an effort to appease the protests that have been raging on in cities throughout the country ever since election night, part of which could be urging gay people to quit their jobs voluntarily instead of getting themselves in a position where they will get fired thanks to the latest nation-wide legislation that allows conservative employers to do so.

“There has to be more balance between members of the LGBT population and conservative Americans, we have to find a solution that’s going to be a sustainable one,” Pence said in his interview. “During President Obama’s term, gay people in particular have gotten a significant bump in their ‘rights’ and ‘liberties.’ Unfortunately, those rights and liberties were created at the expense of the rights and liberties of other people, most notably, conservative citizens. And while we recognize that both of those categories should exist, we also feel that the structure needs to be re-budgeted to make it more equal.”

“However, since we have more pressing issues at the moment, given the delicate political situation in the country, it’s less time-consuming for me to simply appeal gay people to resign from their conservative jobs themselves instead of exercising the law upon them. Think of it as the government’s way of being gentle and considerate, mind you, in a situation where we could very easily use a sledgehammer instead of this here scalpel,” Pence added. “We’d prefer gay people to answer this call while they can, because the situation will undoubtedly change in the future. Especially for them.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80699,"PYONGYANG — For decades the North Korean government has perplexed the Western world with its bizarre, self-aggrandizing claims about its leaders and cultural history. The deeply isolated dictatorship’s state-controlled media has reported, among other things, that former leader Kim Jong-Il could control the weather, never defecated or urinated, and once played a round of golf that included 11 holes-in-one. Most recently, the […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82642,"Columbia, South Carolina – Marco Rubio said Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia’s death had “refocused” the presidential race Monday, bringing some “gravity” to the choice facing voters. “I think the Scalia death in many ways refocused this campaign,” the Florida senator told reporters aboard his campaign bus. “It’s like, hold on a second, this is not just about having somebody interesting there, about making a point or sending a message. This election is about electing someone who’s going to replace Scalia with someone, and I think it kind of brought a little bit of seriousness and gravity to the decision before us.”

“Then again,” Rubio continued, “I’m prone to saying that the decision to replace Justice Scalia might not prove to be all that important.” The Florida Sen. also stated that “it doesn’t really matter who it is that ultimately appoints Scalia’s replacement. Whether Obama does it or not, even though he’s made it clear he plans to go forward with it, I’m going to get rid of the Supreme Court of the United States anyway if I’m elected president. And even if I’m not the one who gets to make that decision, it is a decision in the best interest of the American people and whoever ultimately becomes President of the United States should follow through with it.”

Asked to elaborate on his argument, Rubio said, “Well, it’s not exactly like they have the perfect score, if you know what I mean. They’ve made some decisions that could be called a lot of things, but since I’m a nice guy, I’m going to call them ‘questionable’ at best. I mean, I’m all for civil liberties and all that crap, but where do they get off allowing same-sex marriage? That alone ought to be enough to fire the lot of ‘em and have them lynched by an angry mob in front of the Washington monument, not to mention other illogical and unlawful rulings. Honestly, I’m surprised Obama hasn’t done it already. Oh right, silly me – he’s got them on his payroll, so it wouldn’t make sense if he did that. I mean, President Obama is many things, but stupid is not one of them.”

“So there you have it,” Rubio added. “When it’s all said and done, I wouldn’t be surprised if rumors of Scalia being assassinated by Obama were true. But, you know, water under the bridge. Anyway, now that he’s gone, there’s really no point in keeping the rest of them around. But, I’m certainly not going to be the one to start the avalanche, no, Sir. If I become president, you know what’s going to happen. If not, why bother? Obama’s going away anyway, and whoever succeeds him is going to be given a hot potato the very first day on the job. Come to think of it, with the state of things right now, maybe I should retire from the race. Apart from Castro, we Cubans don’t do well under pressure at all.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80282,"VATICAN CITY – Pope Francis said this week that while he personally believed Roman Catholic priests should remain celibate, he could see a future in which they are allowed to marry, as they can in some other Christian faiths. When his idle comment received pushback from some of the more conservative corners of the Church, he suggested a compromise, by which priests were allowed conjugal visits instead.

“Celibacy is not a dogma,” he explained. “It is a rule of life that I appreciate very much and I think it is a gift for the Church but since it is not dogma, the door is always open.”

When asked how he imagined such a system might work, Pope Francis said he would leave the details up to others, but he quickly emphasized that he would not condone a plan that relied on the participation of Catholic nuns. “I can envision, on a purely physical level, the need for some of our brothers to unburden themselves of certain base, animal instincts in order to better concentrate on our life with God,” he said. “But it would not be appropriate to use our sisters for this purpose.”

Welcoming the pope’s comments was the Bishop of Bruges Jozef De Kesel, who has questioned the need for priestly celibacy in the past. “I think that the Church should ask itself if the mandatory character of the rules governing celibacy should be upheld,” he said. “Priests may be answering a higher calling, but they are still human males. Some are simply incapable of remaining celibate, and we’ve all seen where that can lead. Perhaps if they had an authorized outlet for their pent-up needs, things would be a little different.”

Indeed, some voices have pressured the Catholic Church to change its policy towards priestly celibacy under the charge that sexual frustrations could drive some priests to sexually abuse children. The Church, however, has rejected these arguments, stating that pedophilia is only carried out by people with psychological problems.

“This has nothing to do with the unfortunate business which has occurred between a few of our disturbed brothers and their underage charges,” declared Pope Francis. “It is simply an acknowledgment that there are some priests for whom the chance to clear their mind and body of sinful thoughts and desires in a highly-controlled, constantly-monitored, and self-contained environment would be spiritually beneficial.

“They certainly wouldn’t enjoy it,” he added.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
83282,"“And the cool thing about Obamacare is that it’s not only bad for the economy, not only bad for people’s health, it’s also bad for freedom of conscience — it’s also bad for a whole variety of issues that will energize all across America.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81719,"LOS ANGELES — Actor Damian Lewis, star of the popular TV show Homeland, has shocked Hollywood and officially come out as straight. The actor made his announcement Friday morning to a puzzled audience of friends, family and reporters. While most viewers know the actor only as his Homeland character Nicholas Brody, those close to Lewis have known about his heterosexuality for decades.

When asked why he decided to make the announcement, since no one had suspected him of being a homosexual, Lewis said, “I needed to get it off my chest. I had to let people know the truth about my sexuality, no matter the potential cost to my career. As more and more of my fellow actors and actresses came out as gay, I realized I had an obligation to come out as straight. Hopefully I can be an inspiration to other straight people in Hollywood. It’s OK not to be gay.”

When Entertainment Tonight host Steve Edwards pointed out that Mr. Lewis is widely known to have a wife and two kids, the straight Homeland star was unapologetic.

“It’s true. I have a wife and children. I’m not ashamed of that. They are as important to me as any life partner and adopted child or child from a surrogate mother could ever be.”

Lewis went on to explain that he feels his sexual orientation is perfectly normal and that he hopes his announcement would put the matter to rest once and for all. “The way I see it, the whole world is your closet,” he said. His choice of words led to a number of outlets to question whether or not Mr. Lewis was, in fact, gay after all.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81175,"WASHINGTON — In the wake of an infidelity scandal that has rocked the nation and marred the start of President Obama’s second term in office, former United States General and CIA Director David Petraeus acknowledged today that he has yet to receive the widely anticipated proposal from the nation’s top-selling gentleman’s magazine.

“Frankly, yes, I’m very surprised,” admitted Peyton Bennett, longtime assistant to Petraeus. “After public spectacles such as this, publications like Playboy traditionally seek rights to those top-of-the-news-cycle photographs. I mean, they wanted to give Sarah Palin a million bucks, and her body isn’t half as tight as the general’s—no offense.”

Representatives for the general clarified that Patraeus has in no way been tempted to reveal the hot bod that caused all the controversy in explicit magazines like Penthouse or Hustler, both of which have made overtures. A source close to the General revealed, “Sure, Larry Flynt called. But David would never stoop to a spread like that. I mean, that’s just straight-up pornography, full everything. I could see—if he would do anything at all—something very classy, very nuanced. Silk scarves, a fuzzy sweater, you know? He’s more Brigitte Bardot or Scarlett Johanssen than Pam Anderson.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80200,"“As Hillary Clinton faces a raft of bad press over conflict-of-interest allegations at her family foundation, at least she’s got one outspoken advocate in her corner: Larry Flynt. The king of the Hustler empire tells Bloomberg Politics that he’s endorsing the former secretary of state for president in 2016.

“The self-described “smut peddler” often backs Democrats. But this time around, Flynt said his motivating factor is the Supreme Court and the potential for a second President Clinton to tilt the balance away from the conservatives.

“Flynt told Bloomberg: “We’ve had a right-leaning court for half a century. But if Hillary gets in, chances are she’s going to have an opportunity to appoint two, maybe three justices…and we could shift the balance there.”

“Flynt, who was left partially paralyzed after being shot in 1978, is a fierce defender of First Amendment freedoms – particularly as they pertain to pornographers – and described himself as a feminist of sorts to Bloomberg, as he backed the candidate he hopes would be the first female president.

“He acknowledged: “I’m sure that Hillary doesn’t necessarily approve of everything I do.” However, don’t expect Flynt to be stumping for Hillary any time soon. He said: “Hillary doesn’t need help from me. All she needs to do is start fighting back.”

The founder of Hustler magazine also spoke to Newslo, and said that “a strong woman such as Hillary doesn’t need help from anyone, but I’m there for her, should the need arise.”

“I’m not going to hide behind the fact that I am who I am and she is who she is,” Flynt told Newslo. “I did say that she probably doesn’t approve everything I do, but she has supported the porn industry in the past, and I’d like to return the favor by supporting her all the way to 2016 and the presidency.”

He also added: “I can tell you this – if and when she gets her hands on the White House for the second time, the Supreme Court will start looking a lot different. I don’t have to tell you what that means for people in my line of work. Apart from the fact that she really deserves it, I know that life in the future would be much easier for me with her as president.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80355,"DAMASCUS – Reports have been coming in that an outbreak of the polio virus has struck war-ravaged eastern Syria, but sources out of that country have claimed that “nope, we won’t be doing that.”

At least 10 have been sickened in Deir al-Zour province by polio, but Dr. Asu Maslaton, head of the local relief effort, says “there’s just no way” that they’ll become a metaphor for a nation stricken by its own paralyzing conditions.

“Sorry, we’re just not in the mood,” Dr. Maslaton said by telephone. “Sure, the fact that polio has nearly been eradicated yet is springing up in a relatively modern country could be an analogy for how ancient ills are brought forth by the primitive brutality of bloodshed, but come on, we’ve been at this for nearly three years. Give us a fucking break.”

Dr. Maslaton went on to add that the fact that so far all of the victims appear to be very young children “should in no way” be turned into a simile for a generation lost to battle the tyranny of President Bashar al-Assad.

“We get it, believe us,” Dr. Maslaton said. “Syria is literally paralyzed by civil war. Hahaha – very funny. Well you guys [in the West] are the ones who love metaphor, not us, but pointing out that America has grown fat on its riches or Britain has shrunk to a powerless old crone isn’t quite as hurtful as saying that sick Syrians are evocative of a sick Syria, is it?”

Worldwide, there were 650 confirmed cases of polio in 2011 and only 223 last year, so cases reported in a previously cleared country is very disappointing news. Helga Vries, World Health Organization director for the Middle East, says more diagnoses are likely unless conditions improve.

“With nearly 7 million people driven from their homes, infection and dietary crises are having a field day,” Vries said. “At this point, it’s hard to imagine Syria getting back up on its feet.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81667,"THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA — The heat wave that has been straining air conditioners across the country this week is also forcing some Americans to reconsider their support for the Iraq War. Many former-apologists of that conflict have experienced a sudden change of perspective, saying that they finally realize how “messed up” and “morally questionable” it was to send hundreds of thousands of Americans into Iraq’s steamy, god-awful desert climate.

“I always believed that, despite everything, invading Iraq was the right choice,” said Scranton resident James Mansfield. “Saddam needed to go. But this heat–my God. I’m sweating from parts of my body I never knew existed. I can’t imagine what those boys went through, because this is fucking miserable.”

“I’m pretty sure my eyeballs are sweating,” Mansfield added. “Is that even possible?”

The war in Iraq–which cost the United States 4.5 thousand lives and, by some estimates, well over a trillion dollars–is being viewed in an entirely different light by Americans dealing with soaring temperatures and near-100% humidity. “Getting shot at and worrying about IEDs is one thing,” said Maya Wolf of Boston. “That’s basically a normal day in Chicago. But it’s just cruel—and, frankly, fucked up—to send young Americans into a climate that hot, unless they happen to be of desert-people descent.”

Even the architects of the war are expressing new doubts. Paul Wolfowitz, former US Deputy Secretary of Defense under President George W Bush and one of the earliest champions of the invasion, says he was “totally unaware of what that kind of heat can do to a person.” “After about the tenth straight hour of sitting in my own swamp-ass, I started going a little crazy,” Wolfowitz admitted, explaining that his AC is on the fritz and that his “ass-fanning boy” is on vacation. “I started imagining that my cat, Gipper, was plotting to take over the UN. Not that I would try to stop him. He’d be better than the idiots who run it now, am I right?”

“But seriously. We never should have done it,” Wolfowitz continued. “We forced some of those kids into four or five heat-stroke-inducing tours of duty. Seriously, who does that kind of thing? I’ll tell you who: Someone who’s never had to hold ice packs to his balls all day just to keep cool.”

“That used to be me,” Wolfowitz said. “But no longer.”

The heat wave has failed to sway some people, however. Former Vice President Dick Cheney, speaking through an aide, said that the heat has done little to change his feelings about the Iraq War. “I wouldn’t care if it were smack dab in the middle of the Sahara, 190 degrees,” Cheney said. “As long as I personally don’t have to be there, war’s gonna happen.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80234,"“Washington, D.C. – Carly Fiorina says she was fired from Hewlett-Packard because she “challenged the status quo” – putting her in the company, she said, of Oprah, Steve Jobs, Walt Disney and Michael Bloomberg. The Republican presidential contender’s comments came as CNN’s Jake Tapper pressed her about being fired from the company in early 2005 amid concerns about missed revenue expectations and tumbling stock prices.

““I was fired in a boardroom brawl. And you know why?” Fiorina said on CNN’s “State of the Union” on Sunday. “Because I challenged the status quo. It is what leaders must do. And when you challenge the status quo, when you lead, you make enemies. It’s why so few people lead.” Her comment is an effort to insulate Fiorina from an issue that proved problematic in her California Senate race against Democratic incumbent Barbara Boxer in 2010.

“Of course, the fact that I’m beautiful didn’t help me at all,” Fiorina added. “I could sit here and talk to you about the genetic lottery I’ve won for hours and hours, but I’m a cancer survivor, so I’m not going to pretend my genes are flawless. I can tell you from personal experience, however, that the general opinion that beautiful people have it easier in life is a great misconception.”

Asked to elaborate, she recalled her average day on the job: “I like to think I’m not one to b*tch about problems, but when you get into the office and you’ve got 20 men drooling at the sight of you and as many women slashing your throat with their eyes, you kind of tend to classify that as a not so comfortable working environment. And, of course, there was the fact that I was a successful woman in a position where a lot of people thought a man should be.”

“When I look back knowing what I know now,” she opined, “I think I can say that beauty is a double-edged sword, really. Professionally, I’ve always loved to rock the boat and be creative. But, when you look like I do, it’s hard to get your environment to notice how smart you are when everybody’s blinded and jealous at the same time. Even though I felt good…no, scratch that…Even though I feel good in my own skin, I wish for once that people would praise me for my exceptional leadership skills and not just for my smoking-hot 20-year-old bod, you know?”

Fiorina concluded by saying: “I believe to this day that, more than anything, the real reason I was fired from HP was because the other directors couldn’t stand being around me and not being able to do anything about it.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80905,"WASHINGTON — Echoing sentiments shared nationwide since the devastating elementary school shooting in Connecticut on Friday, Congress has maintained its position that it is better to just accept mass murder than to politicize such tragedies by making actual efforts to prevent them.

The almost incomprehensible taking of 26 innocent lives – 20 of them young children – in Newtown, Connecticut, resonated powerfully with Americans in every state, provoking them into advocating reforms to our gun control and mental healthcare policies. While social media networks showcased American citizens at their most empathetic and passionate, working together and discussing ways to aid the families of victims and prevent future massacres, other voices lamented the “politicization” of such a tragic event.

Among these dissenting voices was every member of U.S. Congress, including Senator Malcolm Anderson (I-AL), who took to Twitter to ask citizens to “STOP considering ways to prevent future tragedies like the one in Conn. It’s partisan & disgusting & just generally irksome.”

Senator Anderson later clarified his tweet in a press statement.

“I mean, look: do I believe that we could realistically reduce the likelihood of future tragedies by enforcing existent gun control legislation more strictly, improving the state of our mental healthcare system, and working to reduce the cultural stigma surrounding anxiety and depression? Of course I do,” explained Senator Anderson. “There are countless ways for average citizens to make our public spaces safer through advocacy, but I would never be so tactless as to actually say that, lest I seem all annoying and political.”

“After all, these families need time to grieve,” the senator continued. “So let’s wait a totally arbitrary number of days – let’s say, three days – before exploring ways to make this right. Most people get over the unfathomably soul-crushing trauma of losing a child in three days, right? That way, we lose a ton of the emotional investment that would motivate Americans to push for actual legislation.”

While the mass murder of American children in a public institution that reveals deep flaws in our gun control and healthcare policies is inherently and so goddamn obviously political, recent polls have shown that an increasing number of citizens agree with Senator Anderson.

“Although our spineless reluctance to come off as ‘political’ may defuse potential for meaningful change and essentially enable cowardly monsters like that piece of shit in Connecticut,” said New York resident Shaina Wilson, “I think we can all agree that it’s still better than the alternative of sharing a political opinion.”

At best, says Wilson on behalf of countless other self-conscious Americans, we can only make efforts to silence those who advocate potential solutions, while ignoring the uncomfortable notion that this will basically make us complicit in the future tragedies we will still be unwilling to fight.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80147,"Donald Trump adviser Newt Gingrich said over the weekend that President Barack Obama’s legacy “shrinks and shrinks and shrinks” like a blow-up doll being deflated by the president-elect. In an interview with Fox News host Chris Wallace on Sunday, Gingrich predicted that Trump would quickly decimate the current president’s legacy after taking office. “I think President Obama is beginning to figure out that his legacy is like one of those dolls that the air comes out of it, it shrinks and shrinks and shrinks,” the Georgia Republican smirked. “In six years, 70 percent of his legacy is executive orders, almost all of which will be repudiated by Trump.”

“It’s like this,” Gingrich went on to elaborate. “You have a president who’s spent 8 years on the job and the biggest thing he’s done during his term is he’s managed to ruin the healthcare system of the greatest country in the world, that’s pretty much what he’s managed to single-handedly do. And because of his skin color, he was expected to have a historical significance when it comes to American presidents, which, in all fairness, put a lot of pressure on him from the get go. But, be that as it may, it’s safe to say he’s failed miserably, because not only has he not transformed the country for the better, he’s actually run it into the ground. Racial issues are through the roof and that’s the biggest change everybody sees in America since he became commander in chief.”

Gingrich continued, “As a result, we’re today in a worse state than we were during the Bush aftermath. All in all, Barack Obama has spent 8 years as the President of the United States and the biggest thing he has to show for are a ton of executive orders. Now, you know those ghastly intercourse dolls that you can buy to replace a real person? Well, if once could claim that Obama has a legacy at all, I would argue that that legacy is much like the said intercourse doll for two very specific reasons: one, it keeps shrinking with every executive order Donald Trump repudiates, and two, because the poor guy spent the majority of his presidency trying to tackle racial issues and failed miserably, as a result, only people with an affinity for interracial porn would say that Obama has done a good job as president.”

“So, bottom line, in January we’ll be saying goodbye to a president who was supposed to transform the country for the better by realizing bucket-loads of promises from his campaign. Instead, the person we’re actually going to be saying goodbye to will go down in history as the would-be interracial transformer,” Trump’s adviser said. “He’s done absolutely nothing for this country, other than legalizing same-sex marriage and giving away tons of money to Iran. And if only people who like interracial porn happen to be fans of Barack Obama, then it wouldn’t be wrong to say that they are joined by people who also love gay porn and people who are fond of betraying their own country.”

“In a sense, then, Barack Obama’s greatest contribution to American history is the fact that he’s managed to single-handedly round up everything that’s bad and idiotic about this country and bring it together during what was likely the worst period since the Great Depression in 1929, and arguably the Civil War, even. I don’t know about the rest of you guys, but when it comes to me, I say good luck and good riddance to our former president. May he never practice politics again,” Gingrich concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81885,"WASHINGTON — Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner today announced the GOP’s official offer to solve the approaching financial debacle of the sequester by passing a Constitutional Amendment that would immediately repeal Roe V. Wade.

“The President’s reckless fiscal policies have once again brought America to the brink of ruin, this time with the onslaught of the Barack Obama Memorial Budget Sequester Agreement of 2011,” said Boehner. “I pleaded with the President to cut taxes for millionaires, but he did not heed my warnings. Therefore, as I reported to the public, I was only able to get 98% of what I wanted out of the deal. Had I gotten that extra 2%, we would not be in this situation. Now the only sensible way out of this spiral of economic decay is to pass a Constitutional Amendment repealing Roe V. Wade.”

After his announcement, a crowd of Tea Party citizen activists behind Boehner raised their fists into the air and began chanting.

“IF sequester NOT be paid, we MUST repeal ROE V Wade!”

By the terms of the Budget Control Act of 2011, Congress was tasked with creating a supercommittee to come up with a bipartisan method of cutting the deficit. A stipulation was added that if the bipartisan supercommittee failed to find a solution, automatic spending cuts – know as sequestration – would take place on March 1, 2013. All of America put their hopes and prayers into the success of the supercommittee. When the unthinkable happened and the supercommittee wound up split along party lines, the countdown to Sequestrageddon commenced.

Newly-minted Republican Savior Senator Marco Rubio (FL) explained why overturning the landmark 1973 Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion was the key to economic security. “Every time a woman reaches into her belly to rip out a human life, she removes a future tax payer from our society,” he explained. “Roe V. Wade has deprived this country of tax revenue long enough! On the other side of the balance sheet, think of how much more business Babies R Us, Hanna Anderson, and The Children’s Place can do with an increase in their target demographic. We’re talking about real jobs here!”

Off the record, many Republican sources admit that repealing Roe V. Wade would do little to stimulate the American economy, but feel they’ve hit upon a winning political strategy. “Look, we can do whatever we want because most Americans don’t even know what sequester means,” said anonymous Republican source Robert Rector, a senior research fellow at The Heritage Foundation. “I asked my Latvian housekeeper Inesa and she just blinked at me.”

“She’s here legally, by the way,” he added.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80048,"Kyrie Irving, point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers, has revealed he believes the Earth is flat. Irving made headlines when he questioned the shape of the Earth on a conspiracy theory-themed episode of the Road Trippin’ with RJ and Channing podcast with teammates Richard Jefferson and Channing Frye. Irving was responding to a question from Frye about whether or not he believes in aliens. “This is not even a conspiracy theory,” Irving told Jefferson and Frye while recording the podcast on an airplane. “The Earth is flat. The Earth is flat…it’s right in front of our faces. I’m telling you, it’s right in front of our faces. They lie to us.”

What is, perhaps, even more surprising is the fact that President Donald Trump chipped in on the discussion with a tweet right after the podcast, tweeting, “We need to listen to Kyrie Irving more, people. He’s got a good point on mainstream media.” President Trump’s outright hatred towards mainstream media is well-known, due to the fact that he believes they are “out to get him” and “make him look bad” – a belief that has to do with numerous reports by some of the biggest news houses of his misdeeds during his presidential campaign last year. “I’ve always said it and everybody though I was crazy, nobody believed me. Finally, I’ve got someone on my side. Took him long enough, though,” Trump told Internet portal KnowMyRepublican.com.

Asked to elaborate on the extent of his support to the Cleveland Cavaliers point guard’s statement, President Trump said that he understands “the size of the fight and the war he’s going to get dragged into now that he’s drawn first blood,” but added that “I’m going to stand by his side and support his war on mainstream media lies.” “I know damn good what it feels like to be left alone at the shooting range with a bull’s eye hanging from your back while so-called reporters take shots at you. That’s no joke; I’ve been there countless times. So, I know what he’s going through, and I’m not going to abandon him the way I’ve been abandoned before,” Trump said.

While commenting on Irving’s statement, the billionaire-turned-president also mentioned that he’s “not entirely sure” who’s really in the wrong when it comes to the age-old dispute on whether or not the Earth is flat. “Don’t get me wrong – I’ve got Irving’s back, that much is certain. But, as for whether he’s got a point or not, you know, I’m neither a scientist, nor an astronaut. And at the end of the day, I figure those are pretty much the only two types of people who ever get the chance to find out the truth for themselves, with their own eyes. To be quite honest, I’m not entirely sure who’s right, but I’ve made a decision. By God and the Wall I’m going to build – I’m sticking to it,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79952,"Sarah Palin has spoken out about her growing family, saying she “can’t wait” to welcome her granddaughter into the world, but adding that her “heart goes out to the single parents.” The former vice presidential contender and conservative firebrand broke her silence about her daughter Bristol’s second unwed pregnancy, telling CBS News recently that she’s happy about the baby news. “I can’t wait until about 45 days and I’m going to have a little baby granddaughter,” Palin gushed.

Bristol Palin, 25, announced her pregnancy one month after abruptly calling off her engagement to Marine Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer in May. The couple had been engaged for roughly two months. Palin preached abstinence after giving birth to her first son, Tripp, while dating her high school sweetheart, Levi Johnston, in 2008. In a blog post in June, she called her second pregnancy “a huge disappointment to my family.”

Speaking to CBS News, the Palin matriarch expressed her excitement about the upcoming addition to the Palin family and even went so far as to compare her daughter Bristol to Mary, mother of Jesus. “If you’re asking me personally if I have a problem with Bristol’s second pregnancy, I mean, I know it’s not under the ideal circumstances, but you know, what is these days? It could have gone better, but it could have also gone a lot worse and I’m grateful that it didn’t, so at the end of the day, I’m just happy that she’s healthy and that everything is going fine.”

However, when asked if she was particularly upset that her daughter publicly professed abstinence and then, contrary to her own words, got pregnant out of wedlock for the second time, the former governor of Alaska got defensive and said: “Well, listen, if it were me, you know what I would have done. After all, I’ve got five children and I’m happy about each one. But, what happened, happened and probably could not have happened any other way. If you really want to get that technical, Mary, mother of Jesus also got pregnant without a husband and look how that turned out. I mean, that says a lot about the whole situation for all those single moms out there, doesn’t it?”

“And besides – you see what’s going on with these Syrian refugees. President Obama is clearly planning on importing all of them here and that’s all going to be performed legally. That means that we Christians are going to become a minority in our own country, so you better believe we need some way to fight all of them ‘off the books.’ And I believe a baby boom is the best way to do that, single moms or not,” Palin concluded.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80036,"Wichita, Kansas – A commissioner in the second most populous Kansas county put on a slide presentation at a local government meeting showing convicted criminals with the name Mohammed, prompting a Muslim group to respond that American politicians seem to be racing to see who is the more bigoted. The Kansas chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations urged Kansas political and religious leaders to repudiate views expressed a day earlier by Sedgwick County Commissioner Karl Peterjohn. The county includes the city of Wichita.

Saying he was providing “a public warning for citizens,” Peterjohn put on a slide presentation depicting photos of people named Mohammed or some derivation of it. Among those depicted in the slides were Mohamed Atta, one of the leaders of the September 11 attacks and John Allen Muhammed, who was executed for the 2002 Washington, D.C. sniper attacks.

Asked to comment, Peterjohn told media outlets that he had “never met a person named ‘Mohammed’ who was, at the same time, a decent, honest, or all-out good guy.” Although causing massive reactions from Muslims throughout the nation, Peterjohn has not apologized or expressed regret in any way.

“The fact to the matter is that any way you look at it, there has been a historic correlation between people who were named Mohammed and countless terrible crimes,” the Sedgwick County Commissioner stated. “There are at least half a dozen people with that name that have caused harm to either Americans or citizens of other countries in the last few months alone, not to mention what would happen if anyone else besides me were to go back in detail to some of the most heinous terrorist crimes that have taken place throughout the world in recent years. The name Mohammed keeps popping up and I don’t get how I seem to be the only one who has figured this out.”

Peterjohn also added: “So, I felt it was my duty to warn Americans, first and foremost, and then other nations as well to be wary of people bearing that hideous name. I take great pride in being a conservative patriot, maybe sometimes even a borderline chauvinist, but we are now at a point where the name Mohammed has become symbolic of danger and death. I urge people in America and around the world to stop befriending Muslim people, and especially people with this name or any derivation of it. Do yourselves a favor – stop endangering your lives and the lives of your loved ones by condoning the behavior of terrorists.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81140,"NEW ORLEANS, LA — New Orleans is making provisions for yet another disaster as reports from NASA surfaced this week that claim a 17-Thetis asteroid broke from Neptune’s Trojan orbit and will strike the tremendously unlucky city sometime next week.

The asteroid, though relatively small by astronomical standards, is expected to virtually demolish the Crescent City in one demonstrative, fatal smack down. The impending doom comes on the heels of Hurricane Isaac, which once again threatened New Orleans’ vulnerable levee system and plunged the state of Louisiana into the latest of its notoriously frequent declared state-of-emergencies.

“We made it through Hurricane Katrina, the BP oil spill, Isaac,” Governor Bobby Jindal told Newslo in a statement. “I’m positive we can pull together and make it through the impact of an asteroid traveling at 50 million MPH.”

NASA’s response to questions regarding emergency preparations for other national and global metropolitan districts was curt. Senior reps confirmed in a statement, “We are 100% positive this asteroid is going to hit New Orleans, and New Orleans alone. The blast radius will not even disrupt nearby Woodmere.”

According to NASA deputy-chief Robert Stilman, the asteroid will collide with Café Du Monde in the French Quarter around Wednesday. The velocity, in addition to the relative size, will pull New Orleans into the earth the way a table-cloth yanked from a dinner table will bring all the plates and silverware down with it.

“I used to think it was just the Earth that had something against New Orleans,” said Stilman. “Now it’s fairly obvious the universe does too.”

Each exclusive Cajun detail of the town will essentially have never existed. “There will be a hole, and nothing else.”

Despite the severity of the intelligence, citizens of the Big Easy are confident they will rally together and survive an interplanetary mass of carbon that managed to travel through time and space just to annihilate them.

“We’re New Orleanians, we’re used to these types of obstacles,” said sanitation worker Maurice O’Donnell, who during the interview was sharpening kitchen knives with the subtle suggestion that sometime in the near future he would be stabbing the asteroid to death. “It’s nothing I haven’t thought about before.”

Unfortunately the hapless Gulf Coast city will receive minimal assistance from the National Guard and Red Cross, both of whom have repeatedly refused to waste anymore time, money or effort on New Orleans.

“We’re tried,” Red Cross spokesman Michael Gulliver told Newslo. “The city is cursed. Like seriously, it’s nothing personal — I like it there, I’ve been there, it’s got a lot history, but — you’re done. ”

In lighter news, The Mercedes-Benz Superdome has agreed to house refugees from low-income minority neighborhoods, and according to StubHub balcony seats are still selling for as low as $$5.99. Also, tourist-heavy spots along Bourbon Street will remain open throughout the Armageddon in case people want to die with their beads on.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82111,"“Arguing that gays and lesbians who also identify as Christians are merely part of the “left-wing agenda,” conservative televangelist Pat Roberson offered a simple, if ineloquent, explanation with regard to his longstanding opposition to same-sex marriage. Pointing to a recent surge in businesses that have spoken out against same-sex marriage and other rights, Robertson made the eyebrow-raising statement in a recent “700 Club” broadcast, Right Wing Watch first reported.

““If you show me one couple that conceived a child through anal – through anal intercourse – just show me one in all the world, and I will say, ‘I agree with you and you are right.’ Show me one,” he said. “It is unnatural, I’m sorry.” Roberson made headlines last week in an earlier broadcast after he implied that the gay community would force Christians to like anal sex, as well as polygamy and bestiality, in an effort to “make you conform to them.” “Sooner or later, you’re going to have to conform your religious beliefs to the group of some abhorrent thing,” he said.

The televangelist also stated that “since gay people now have the ability to enter marriage equally as heterosexual, normal couples, there should also be some sort of concession on the other side of the equation, because an equilibrium should and must exist regardless of the number and size of turbulences between gay and straight people.”

Asked to elaborate, Roberson said: “Well, men can sometimes be wretched things. And, unfortunately, I know deep down in my heart, that no matter how hard they try, some people are always going to be attracted to sin and fornication, and it’s no different when it comes to the evil of homosexuality. So, there are bound to be troubled souls who will want to experiment with gays and lesbians, regardless of the fact that they have families and children, even. But, even though I fundamentally disagree with the Supreme Court ruling that legalized same-sex marriage, I still think that some people just cannot help themselves. There is going to be experimenting with the same sex and there is going to be regrets afterwards.”

The pastor continued: “So, it is my opinion that all those who feel the uncontrollable urge to try or participate in a homosexual or lesbian act, should be allowed to repent and protect their health. And I think that the morning after pill could provide the opportunity to do just that.” He also added: “Even though I do not condone the use of that drug, because that’s what it is, even in cases of heterosexual intercourse, like I said, I still feel there should be at least some balance. Those who cross the line into gay sin and repent afterwards should be allowed to remain safe and remain heterosexual. After all it is Christian to forgive.”

“Are you saying you think the morning after pill should prevent those who experiment with the same sex to become completely gay or lesbian?” the Newslo interviewer inquired Robertson. “Absolutely,” he replied. “I feel that, unlike gays, there must be understanding for those who are confused and do not know what or who they are. After all, the Catholic Church has had plenty of understanding when it comes to Catholic priests and young altar boys. Look how well that turned out.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80631,"Politics

Old-Timer to Regale Children with Tales of Life Before 2012 Presidential Race

LANSING, Mich. — Old Man Watkins, a retired machine-parts fabricator from East Lansing, will amaze his grandchildren with the revelation that he remembers what life was like before the seemingly endless 2012 Presidential race. “It was so long ago, but I’ll do my best,” the septuagenarian will strain to recall. “We didn’t have these new-fangled SuperPACs, and a loaf of bread cost only a nickel.” After more than two years of constant debates, candidate appearances, manufactured controversies, gaffes and attack ads, Watkins’ grandchildren will only be able to imagine what it was like to live in a time when they didn’t know who “saved” the Salt Lake City Olympics or who—allegedly—ate dog meat.

Society

YOLO Will Be Invoked to Justify Name-Brand Paper Towel Purchase

ATHENS, Ohio — While shopping at the State Street Kroger Wednesday night, Ohio University senior Jamie Pabsco will be overheard saying “YOLO” under her breath before choosing Bounty paper towels over the cheaper store-brand alternative. Though generally a frugal woman, Pabsco recently committed to being more spontaneous and adventurous. The cultural meme and mantra will give Pabsco the courage it takes to spend the extra fifty-eight cents for the quilted comfort of Bounty triple-ply because, after all, you only live once.

Media

Modern Day Woodward and Bernstein to Re-Tweet Celebrity Nip-Slip

NEW YORK — In a move that will surely earn them a Pulitzer nomination, Huffington Post’s investigative journalism duo Tim Price and Rene Fowler will re-tweet a picture of Sofia Vergara’s exposed nipple, taken at this year’s Latin Entertainment Awards. The modern-day Woodward and Bernstein will have spent countless seconds on their smartphones doing the courageous, in-depth legwork readers have come to expect from Huffington Post’s right column. The story will inspire a new confidence in the media’s ability to act as the Fourth Estate, holding public officials accountable for all their wardrobe malfunctions and DUI rumors.

Sports

Chicago Bears to be Slain by Replacement Referee Cyborgs

DALLAS — After less than a week back, the NFL officials lock-out will re-ignite early Monday morning. With the use of replacement referees a complete disaster, the league will resort to experimental officiating robots to keep the season going. Monday night’s game between Dallas and Chicago will end abruptly after a slight drizzle causes the automatons to malfunction and slaughter the entire Bears defense. Commissioner Roger Goodell will immediately regret approving the cyborgs, particularly his insistence that they have missiles in lieu of penalty flags. Fans of the game will mourn the loss, but still prefer the killer machines to the referees who presided over the Packers-Seahawks game.

New York

Health Inspectors to Sanction “Three Second Rule”

NEW YORK — At a press conference at City Hall Friday, New York City Health Inspectors will formally approve the “three second rule” for use in bars and restaurants. Public Health Administrator Diane Adams will justify the decision saying, “You know, if you drop something on the floor, it’s probably not a big deal. It’s just like a second. So why’s everybody freaking out?” Adams will clarify that the three second rule does not apply to food dropped on wet or sandy surfaces.

“What we’re telling businesses is this,” an anonymous health inspector will confide to Newslo, “If it looks okay, that’s good enough for us. We’re not trying to jam anybody up here.”

Food safety groups will protest that the relaxed safety regulations. The Gotham Food Safety Council, a citizen-action group dedicated to raising standards of restaurant cleanliness, will accuse the city of caving to industry pressure. The group will allege in a press release, “The three second rule is a joke. Studies show you have to blow on anything you drop on the floor before it’s safe for human consumption. Or rub the item on your shirt at least.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81240,Newslo correspondent AnnaMaria Chen visits Union Square to get the public’s reaction to the Newslo’s top headlines.,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
40772,"Economists are more optimistic about the second quarter, predicting GDP growth of approximately 3 percent as well as eight dates per economist, with possibly more depending on how often they use Tinder.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81267,"WASHINGTON – Calling it a “threat to traditional marriage and a leading cause of the spiritual decline of America,” leading LGBT groups today gathered on the steps of the U.S. Capital to demand that Congress outlaw divorce among hetero-sexual couples.

“For too long we have been told to look the other way, be tolerant, and accept the inevitable march towards so-called progress while these deviants make a mockery of the sanctity of marriage,” said Cathy Marino-Thomas, Co-President of Marriage Equality USA. “It’s time to say enough is enough! Marriage is sacred! Divorce is an affront to God!”

The groups handed out packets of materials to passing legislators showing that even while 6.8 people per 1,000 are married every year, 3.6 people per 1,000 are separating- meaning between 40-50% of marriages in America end in divorce.

“What part of Til Death Do Us Part do these people not understand?” Asked Marino-Thomas.

“Divorce is becoming an epidemic!” Shouted Thom Reilly, Chair of the Board of Directors for GLAAD (Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation). “The CDC estimates that 872,000 divorces or annulments were undertaken in 2010, an increase of over 30,000 from the year before! What does it say about us as a nation if we allow hetero-sexual couples to treat the vows of marriage as if they were no more than a simple pinky swear?”

The groups were calling on congress to pass a Constitutional Amendment outlawing divorce. “Marriage is under attack by these serial divorcer’s,” said Jimmy LaSalvia, co-founder of GOProud. “We need to codify the sanctity of marriage in law. It’s time for some sort of Defense of Marriage Act!”

Twice-divorced Republican stalwart Newt Gingrich shrugged off the protests, saying “The gays are still in the Honeymoon period with the whole marriage thing. It’ll pass. Get back to me after their spouses are old and flabby and constantly nagging them to flush the toilet and we’ll see if they’re not upgrading to pretty little trophy husbands and wives just like the rest of us.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80708,"NEW YORK — In preparation for a close election one of FOX News’s most extreme pundits and commentators, Sean Hannity, is hard at work constructing his narrative for a possible Obama reelection. There is no doubt that his coverage will be both “Fair and Balanced,” meaning that it will receive fair ratings and balanced time allotted to long winded speeches of America’s inevitable downfall and the horrifying effects of voter fraud, which are known to sway the election by a staggering .0000001%. If not for Fox News’s bold stance against these lying powers that cripple the “true America,” what other network would be brave enough to cover the real issues that plague this upcoming election.

In Hannity’s opinion a win for Obama would be a direct attack against the integrity of the Fox News network. As Hannity has often said, “The Obama administration has long been conducting a witch hunt against the only truth tellers in the media,” which is to say, Fox News. As everyone knows, Fox News does not broadcast for the money, but simply tries to create a better America for the children. The fact that Rupert Murdoch owns nearly 30% of the media and makes over $$3 billion a year is just a necessary part of saving the American people. Murdoch could have just grabbed an institutionalized maniac, but today’s Fox News network only hires the highest quality insane people, individuals who have long standing experience in the punditry industry and are willing to write “I will say anything you tell me to” on their CVs.

Hannity’s reaction will be a much-needed shot of reality, making straight this maze of political lies. Hannity stays true to Fox News’s simple and ethical business strategy: fear sells. So if Obama wins this year’s election and Americans choose to watch Sean Hannity’s coverage in the apocalyptic aftermath, then they may want to pop a few Xanax to get you through the show.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80976,"JERUSALEM – For the 1,979th consecutive year, Jesus, Son of God, has failed to show up for the birthday party thrown in his honor by Christians all over the world. Promising to return to Earth shortly after ascending into Heaven “to grab a pack of smokes” months after His 33rd birthday, He has failed to return since.

“I believed this would be the year” said a dejected Pope Benedict XVI from the Vatican. “We did our best to marginalize homosexuals, kinda cleaned up that pedophilia thing, I even wore my best hat. Really thought turning the big two-oh-one-two would bring out a more considerate Messiah.”

Speculation has been rampant as to why the King of Kings has neglected to attend any of His birthday celebrations. While some have argued that preparing a huge feast for a man who preached giving away all of one’s Earthly possessions is in poor taste, others have noted that having too little food would be a faux pas.

“Look, you skimp on the food and He’ll feel compelled to provide His own. Remember the loaves and the fishes? It literally took a miracle to get that party going” posited Rev. Dr. Arthur Kendell, professor of Religion at Harvard Divinity School. “And while we’re at it maybe lose the crucifixes. I’d hate to go to a fete in my honor and be surrounded by artist’s renderings of me being impaled and hung out to die.”

Jesus spoke exclusively with Newslo regarding his absence at his birthday party this year, “yeah, I got the invite and everything, but I was thinking taking it easy here” said Jesus seated at the right hand of his Father. “To be honest, I get that they dig Me, but not sure they really get My message. I spent years preaching peace and love – in no uncertain terms, mind you – and that clearly has not sunk in. So I’m not going back till it does. Seriously, two millennia later there are still wars, strife, and people not treating each other the way they themselves would like to be treated. Sometimes even in my name.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82606,"Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson asserted recently that abortion was not an issue of women’s rights, and that supporting a woman’s right to choose was like supporting slavery. Speaking at “The Gift of Life Banquet” fundraiser for First Choice Pregnancy Center in Las Vegas, Carson argued that the “culture of death” was accepted in America because of “peer pressure.”

“Someone has tried to make this into an issue of women’s rights,” the GOP hopeful told the crowd. “What about the baby? You know, it’s one of the most sacred relationships in the universe, a mother and that child inside of her. How have we become so distorted that we have managed to convince women that that baby inside of her is her enemy and that she has a right?”

Continuing with the same rhetoric, the retired neurosurgeon then likened unborn babies to slaves, saying that they are “jailed in their mothers’ bellies without anyone speaking for them and with their own mothers against them. And as if that wasn’t enough, when a mother chooses to have an abortion, the babies are then literally killed by white people. Does that sound familiar? Slaves were also imprisoned against their will, without anyone to speak up for them and were also killed by white people as they pleased.”

“What I personally don’t understand is how did we get this far?” Carson added. “It’s as though we’ve gone full circle, adopting slavery, then abolishing it, then now condoning it again. Well, excuse me for not wanting to allow the sins of our forefathers to become our own. You may call it what you like, but the fact to the matter is that the so-called right to choose is, in fact, a license to kill. And what scares me the most is that the majority of Americans have gotten too comfortable with it.”

“I think Abraham Lincoln is turning around in his grave right now,” Carson also said. “We must put a stop to such murderous practice immediately, or history will repeat itself. And to tell you the truth, we could really use some more American babies right now. You’re all witnessing what the Syrian refugees are going to do to this beautiful country. We need to fight fire with fire, I say.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80054,"Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh said Wednesday that warnings about the potential effects of climate change are overblown, arguing some global warming “would actually be good for a lot of things and people.” The comments, highlighted by liberal watchdog Media Matters, came in response to Democratic presidential candidates pressing the urgency of climate change during Tuesday night’s primary debate. Limbaugh took issue with Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), who said climate change is the country’s greatest national security threat.

“Here’s Bernie Sanders last night going on and on about it, he was asked over and over again, number one biggest, most important, threatening issue we face. Climate change. ‘If we don’t act fast, our children and grandchildren may be faced with an uninhabitable planet,’” Limbaugh said on his radio show. “Nobody’s even said that. I mean, you can make some cases, examples that some warming would actually be good for a lot of things and people.”

He then went on to offer an example of his own: “From the top of my head, I can think of people who live in the colder parts of our planet, like Siberia, Norway, Iceland and the like. Those people are often faced with not so agreeable temperatures throughout the year, so I’m guessing they would be thrilled with some more sun and higher temperatures.”

However, Limbaugh didn’t stop there. He added that “homeless people would also hail” global warming as that would mean that “they would finally be able to get one huge worry off their mind.”

“And then there’s homeless people, and again, I’m talking about millions around the world. As things stand right now, I mean, they’re pretty much safe during only a quarter of the calendar year, with a few additional hot days here and there, if summer is either early or late. But other than that, during the other seasons, they literally have to find other places to sleep as the temperatures drop down to an unbearable level for them to spend outside. Imagine having to sleep on a park bench when it’s freezing outside, and having nothing but cardboard to cover yourself with. Don’t try to tell me that homeless people wouldn’t also hail higher average temperatures thanks to global warming.”

And to top it all off, he finished off his broadcast by saying, “Besides, don’t anyone try to tell me that all this global warming mumbo jumbo is something you actually believe in, it’s clearly Bernie Sanders’ pitch to get more votes in 2016. I mean, the guy’s got nothing else going for him, he’s pretty much a dinosaur and he’s thinking about becoming president. Does that make sense to you? Who knows if he’ll even be alive for the next four years if he makes it to the White House, he might just croak someday. Or, if he does win the election, imagine him getting a heart attack from all the excitement? That’s why old people like Bernie need to be checking into retirement homes, not running for president of the United States.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82248,"Recently, Glenn Beck unveiled one of the new formats that he’ll be using for his nightly television program. The recent program was the first of his “Think Tank” episodes in which he and several staff members sit around and discuss the news of the day. They kicked things off by attacking President Obama for supposedly thrashing America when he was on his recent trip to Laos, playing a clip of him saying that “America is not perfect. Look, it still has racial discrimination and it still has its own problems; it should worry about its own problems. And I agree with that.”

“You know, as time goes by, I’m having a harder and harder time figuring out how we let that man become President of the United States, from this distance it looks like he should have been thrown in jail for speaking against the country that made him what he is today,” Beck blasted away. “I’m not trying to say that we should be doing what China and North Korea are doing right now with communism, but at the end of the day, I don’t hear their presidents thrashing their own countries, at least not publically. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think they have no political problems at all. On the other hand, we’re drowning in them.”

“At the end of the day,” the conservative television and radio host continued, “there could be one logical explanation for why he hates this country so much. I mean, when you look at his past, his childhood and his upbringing, I mean, he didn’t have the typical childhood that American kids have. His grandparents moved to America when he was a kid and they were, you know, communists. So, he was breastfed this hatred towards American freedom from a very young age and it’s quite possible some of that stuck on as he grew up.”

Beck also argued, “Or, I could be wrong. Many would say that he’s a very intelligent and educated man, which in reality only makes him a schooled manipulator, if we’re being honest. But, I would disagree. I don’t think he’s particularly smart; in fact, I’d say he’s half-human, half-monkey. And you know how monkeys can be, you’ve all been to the zoo. They tend to display their so-called intelligence only when they’re in captivity. In the wilderness, they’re just spending their days eating, going to the bathroom and surviving. And that sounds pretty close to what our president has been doing during both his terms.”

“Whoops, I’m sorry, I lied,” the host abruptly stopped. “Actually, calling Obama a half-monkey is an insult…to monkeys, I mean. And I say that because monkeys take what they need from their natural habitat but they don’t damage or destroy it. They co-exist in a symbiotic relationship. Obama, on the other hand, has been doing nothing but bad things and bad decisions ever since he came to power. Name one good thing that he’s done since 2008. That’s right, you’ve got nothing. And I would hereby like to apologize to monkeys all over the world for the insult I made. I promise I’ll never again compare the most pitiful excuse for the President of America to monkeys or any other animal ever again,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81439,"DENVER — The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced a halt this week to its proposal to remove official government protections for gray wolves, the largest member of the canine family. Hunters and farmers had sought to take the wolves off the Endangered Species List, which, they say, was “unjustifiably shielding this monstrous death-machine from the fate it deserves.”

Following protests by groups including Earthjustice, the Sierra Club and the American Society of Mammologists, federal officials said “a recent unexpected delay” has indefinitely held up the delisting. They offered no further explanation, and the group Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility has a filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit to get meeting records from the Fish and Wildlife Service on the matter.

“This is wildlife at its most fragile and precious,” said Yellowstone Park Ranger Kevin Gilroy as he bandaged cuts on his forearm and put a patch over his badly damaged left eye. “If we don’t protect the gray wolf, who will?”

Gilroy broke off when a mournful howling sounded in the distance. He froze and then, shuddering, took a watch position on what looked like a well-worn patch of floor near a window.

Canis lupus, , which has made a comeback in the Rockies and Great Lakes regions, is a 75- to 175-pound carnivore with top speeds of more than 35 miles per hour. Its 42 teeth are designed to crush bone, and the wolf’s jaw can exert 1,500 pounds of pressure per square inch, twice that of a German shepherd. An apex predator, the American wolf has no hunters in the wild. The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists the gray wolf population as one of “least concern” in terms of numbers.

“Wolves, huh?” asked Britnay MacAfee-Herbowitz, who runs a homeless shelter in Oklahoma City. “I mean, sure, the sequester is literally taking food out of people’s mouths and the jobless recovery is squeezing our future like a clementine in a vice, but wolves, sure.”

MacAfee-Herbowitz added, her eyes a thousand-yard stare: “Wolves.”

Anyone convicted of killing a deadly, deadly wolf can face up to a year in prison, as well as a $$50,000 fine, plus up to $$25,000 in civil penalties for each violation of the Endangered Species Act.

Wolves are mythic killers whose very name has become a metaphor for anything wild, vicious or predatory.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80466,"A local Republican politician in Connecticut was arrested for allegedly pinching a female employee’s genitals, reports the Westport Daily Voice. Christopher von Keyserling, 71, was arrested Wednesday in Greenwich Town Hall and charged with fourth-degree sexual assault, a misdemeanor. He was released on a $$2,500 bond and given a court date of Jan. 25. Von Keyserling has served on the Greenwich Representative Town Meeting board since 1985. The incident took place in December 2016 when the 57-year-old woman encountered von Keyserling in the hallway. After a brief political argument, the woman tried to walk away, when von Keyserling allegedly reached from behind to place his hand between her legs and pinched her in the groin.

Phil Russell, von Keyserling’s lawyer, told the Westport Daily Voice, however, that the charges were, in fact, the result of a “jocular” moment with a woman. “To be quite honest, what I’m having difficulty wrapping my head around is the fact that women seem to take these kind of jokes today too seriously,” he said. “In all fairness, I can certainly understand why the woman in question might have perceived the elements present for a lawsuit, but at the end of the day, she didn’t have to go through with it. Ask anyone – this sort of thing is happening throughout the country, and it’ll continue to happen especially if you consider the latest developments in our political system.”

Asked to elaborate on his rhetoric, Russell argued that the election of Donald Trump as the new President of the United States “proves such actions are, in fact, moral and legal.” “The situation would be so much different if Obama were still president, or alternatively, if Hillary Clinton had won,” he added. “But, this way, we’re talking about a completely legal, and what’s more important – morally acceptable form of behavior. At the end of the day, the President-elect himself was involved in a similar incident. And here’s the truth: such an incident could have very easily cost him the presidency – in fact, it almost did. But, since he won the election in spite of what many were referring to as a sexual assault, we have no choice but to assume that the people of America have spoken loud and clear.”

“So, not only was the behavior of my client not illegal – it was, by all accounts, desirable. Mr. Keyserling merely followed the same pattern of behavior as our President-elect, and if the president is doing it, then it must be right. The same logic can be applied when it comes to building walls, hating illegal immigrants and Muslims, as well as getting rich through whatever means necessary. Bottom line, we, as citizens of this great country are free – no, scratch that – legally obligated to follow the example of our president, whoever that may be. Many Americans accepted same-sex marriage, which is something they didn’t want to do, but did it anyway because Obama ordered SCOTUS to make such a ruling. It’s the same with grabbing women’s genitals today,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79901,"“Washington, D.C. – Florida congressman Alcee Hastings is not backing off his assertion that Texas is a “crazy state,” and he’s now citing and old law restricting dildos to make the case. “One of their cities has a law that says that women can only have six dildos, and the certain size of things. And if that ain’t crazy, I don’t know what is,” Rep. Hastings (D-Fla) told CNN.

“Hastings may have been referring to a law that was struck down in 2008 restricting the sale of sex toys. As Lone Star Q points out, Texas’ Republican Gov. Greg Abbot, who was the state’s attorney general at the time, actually went to court in an attempt to uphold the dildo ban.

“The law in question includes, “A person who possesses six or more obscene devices or identical or similar obscene articles is presumed to possess them with intent to promote the same.” Hastings called Texas a “crazy state” during a committee hearing on the Affordable Care Act on Monday, causing Rep. Michael Burgess (R-Texas), to demand an apology. It also led to a memorable segment on “The Daily Show” pitting their two states against one another.

“But to many Texans, the insult is no laughing matter. Hastings told CNN of one Texas family that cancelled a trip to Walt Disney World in Orlando because of what he said about their state.

“I like to think of myself as a man who can tell a joke every once in a while, but I assure you, I am not joking right now. In fact, the matter couldn’t be more serious. I really think we need to get President Obama in on this as well, and make him use that veto pin of his to put that outdated, ridiculous law behind us. I have only the best interest of Texans in mind when I say this,” Hastings exclusively told Newslo.

“However, he didn’t just mess with Texas. He also took a shot at his own state.

““Consider the fact that I am a native Floridian and that I dislike it. I have cautioned about living in Florida and when I retire, I’m not so sure I’m going to stay there.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80970,"PYONGYANG — For decades the North Korean government has perplexed the Western world with its bizarre, self-aggrandizing claims about its leaders and cultural history. The deeply isolated dictatorship’s state-controlled media has reported, among other things, that former leader Kim Jong-Il could control the weather, never defecated or urinated, and once played a round of golf that included 11 holes-in-one. Most recently, the nation raised eyebrows after the Korean Central News Agency reported that North Korean archeologists had discovered a unicorn lair. However, the nation has finally come clean, admitting that they’ve just been fucking with everyone.

“At first it was hilarious. Like when we convinced everyone that we all thought Kim Jong-Il’s pajama suits had made him an international fashion icon? Or that we thought he was the greatest opera composer of all-time? Classic. That’s good stuff,” a spokesperson for the state revealed. “But it’s starting to wear thin. I mean, unicorn lair? We’re underfed, but we aren’t delusional.”

The spokesperson also clarified that the country’s aggressive military action, which includes recent plans to test long-range missiles, has not been part of the gag.

“The part about us starving our own people in order to pursue military superiority is totally true though,” the spokesperson added. “Yeah, we’re definitely doing that.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81326,"BEIJING — Surpassing electronics, clothing, home goods and nitrogen, filthy, noxious industrial fumes are now the leading product dispersed by Chinese markets and lungs. Analysts who have watched the numbers for years say there was slight downtick in fetid fog around the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, but since then its level of superiority has risen steadily.

“Once famous for its intricate silk goods, abundant rice production and trillions of metric tons of clean, fresh air, China quickly became the manufacturing and breathing hub of the Earth with the largest population in the world,” said Maureen Kaplan, an expert on eastern manufacturing with Moody’s Analytics. “Silk and tea gave way to fortune cookies and bootleg DVDs, and fresh oxygen gave way to putrid vapor.”

“China dominates that market,” Kaplan added. “But the U.S. isn’t far behind.”

Eastern Asian neighbors including The Philippines, Malaysia and Japan are already increasing their imports of polluted, particulate-ridden effluvium in order to keep up with the glut of supply. Chinese citizens are doing their part too – consumption and exhalation of toxic grey-yellow smog has increased by as much as tenfold on the mainland this century, and the sky literally appears to be the limit.

Angua Hing, a factory foreman, says that when he can see clearly, he can’t believe the changes in Chinese production he’s witnessed over the course of his life. While the Communist Party leadership appears hell-bent on producing as much sooty, contaminated, begrimed, gross gas as possible, Hing, 34, longs for the good old days of making something with his hands that retained its shape and structure as only a solid can.

“I used to oversee production of toys made with just under the American maximum levels of lead and cadmium,” Hing said, a small, insalubrious waterfall visibly spilling from his mouth as he spoke. “Those were the days. What am I making now? Nothing durable. Nothing firm. Nothing that will have a real, perceptible impact on people’s lives.”

Hing then coughed.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80398,"DURHAM, N.C. – A new study conducted by researchers at Duke University has found that “the world is on the brink of a sixth great extinction,” as plant and animal species disappear at a rate much higher than previously believed. The same study, published in the journal Science Thursday, also found that Americans “don’t really care” about the upcoming mass extinction, and generally think that “most animals suck anyway.”

“We are on the verge of the sixth extinction,” said Stuart Pimm, the study’s lead author, who noted that plant and animal species are dying out at least 1,000 faster than they did before the rise of humans. “Whether we avoid it or not will depend on our actions… And based on our research, it’s probably too late, because Americans don’t seem to give one tiny shit.”

Pimm’s research suggests that habitat loss is the prime cause of the accelerated rate of extinction. Human development—which often crowds out area that animals and plants need to survive—along with climate change, invasive species, and overfishing, have contributed to making this one of the most ecologically traumatic eras in the planet’s history.

“We asked Americans how they felt about all this,” Pimm explained. “And what we found is that, actually, they don’t feel much at all.”

Indeed, most of the people Pimm and his colleagues polled disagreed with the statement, “I genuinely hope that something can be done to save remaining the species,” and over 90% instead agreed that “most animals are awful, worthless creatures, and Earth is better off without them.”

“Name a good animal other than a dog or maybe a monkey,” said Troy Barzun, one of the study’s participants. “Sharks? They’re deadly killers. Skunks? Stink like ass. Eagles? I’ve always found them pretty ugly.

“We could probably lose about 95% of animals, and I’d be totally cool with it,” Barzun said.

Others pointed out the ways in which animals often inconvenience human activity. “I can’t take a drive down the street without having to swerve to avoid squirrels, and everyone throws a hissy fit if I want to install ivory floors in my kitchen,” said Bethany Knight. “If I have to choose between a world without animals and a world in which a bird might at any moment poop on my head, I choose mass extinction.”

Even plants drew the ire of many of the poll’s respondents. “Try falling into a rose bush or accidentally walking through a patch of poison sumac, then tell me how great plant life is,” said Kevin Brock. “I’m allergic to grass, man. Plants are out to get us.”

Primm, who believes there is still hope to save many threatened animals, noted that it will only happen if the “good species” are in danger of dying off.

“It’s going to take more than the Loggerhead Turtle or the Saola vanishing to catch Americans’ attention,” Pimm explained. “But if this continues, beef and chicken might be in danger too, and that’s when you’ll see some outrage.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80926,"Dear Friends,

On Thursday Chuck Hagel appeared before the Senate Armed Services Committee. He appears to have survived it—despite a much-deserved thrashing from the definitely not senile, uber-patriot John McCain—and is one step closer to becoming the next Secretary of Defense.

This fact should make Americans pee in their pants a little. And not from excitement. This is fear-pee I’m talking about—that warm, wet feeling that warns of Immediate Danger Ahead.

Here is why: Chuck Hagel is a loser. Not the kind of loser who seems to so insistently beg for swirlies that even his grandmother can’t resist dunking his head in a john (well, he is that kind of loser, but that’s beside the point). Chuck Hagel is the more literal and insidious kind of loser—the kind whose very presence dooms even the most destined of ventures.

To wit: The former Senator served in Vietnam—honorably, according to the lame stream media. You might think that we should therefore lavish him with praise, and declare him an unequivocal winner.

But think again: Didn’t we lose that war? Are we really supposed to believe that we just happened to fail miserably in that noble campaign, wasting tens of thousands of lives, billions of dollars and more than a decade? I think not. It’s easy enough to put two and two together.

Chuck Hagel served in Vietnam. In Vietnam, America—the most badass country ever conceived by God—got spanked like Nuwanda in Dead Poet’s Society. Q.E.D.

Let me address Mr. Hagel directly: The burden is on you, sir, to prove to the American public that you did not single-handedly lose the Vietnam War, and that your leadership at the Department of Defense would not turn America into the Screech of the world, surrounded by packs of spit-ball shooting, time-stopping Zack Morrises.

Any Senator who votes for the confirmation of Chuck Hagel is voting for perpetual defeat. They’re voting for the triumph of pussies over patriots. They’re voting to make us all a bunch losers.

Sincerely,

Sheldon Adelson",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80537,"PHOENIX — Two new laws passed in Arizona and Kansas dictate that voters who decline or are otherwise unable to provide proof of citizenship now will be offered ballots that are pre-completed, including with candidate selections.

The move represents a revision to the two-tiered voting system designed to exploit a loophole in a Supreme Court decision from June that prohibited states from requiring proof of citizenship for federal, though not necessarily statewide, elections.

“While well-intentioned, the provision of separate ballots for federal and state elections turned out to be quite costly and confusing for all involved,” said Tom Horne, the Arizona attorney general.

So Horne, a Republican, started looking for a more straightforward and cost-effective way of achieving his stated goal of reducing the potential for voter fraud.

“What could be more helpful than taking all the guesswork out of voting for the indigent and disabled?” asked Horne. “I mean, they can’t seem get it together enough to carry with them arbitrarily defined proof of citizenship, which means they probably can’t handle a ballot, either.”

Petra Falcón, executive director of Promise Arizona in Action, disagrees, seeing the change as “another veiled attempt at discouraging young voters, low-income voters, Latino voters from entering the electoral process.”

Critics also point out that voter fraud is less common than UFO sightings. “That may be true,” said Horne, “but I’m not worried about UFOs; I’m worried about illegal aliens stealing my vote.”

“So, I’ve decided to take the high road and outright give them my vote.”

“The procedure is simple,” explained Danielle Lentworth, the Maricopa County recorder. “Election officials make copies of validated ballots as they come in, hand them off to undocumented voters, and allow these questionable citizens to drop the duplicates into the ballot box.

“It allows them to exercise their right to vote while ensuring that the actual votes cast are those of model citizens,” Lentworth said.

Asked whose votes will be copied and recast, Marta Sands, spokeswoman for the Kansas secretary of state, said, “Registered Republicans are already thoroughly vetted, so we’ll likely start there.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80960,"I have heard the grumblings and the complaints. I hear people saying, “Oh, Mohammed, you have no sense of humor.” I tell you now: I have a sense of humor, you silly goose.

Many believe that because of the arrest of Bassem Youssef, a vile satirist who revels in fecal jokes, that I haven’t a sense of humor. Wrong. I love jokes. Tell me a joke. I will laugh.

That’s right. Anyone who says otherwise can go straight to prison. Aha! Joking. See? I am a very funny man. My underlings? They say, “Mohammed is always with the funny bone in his pocket.”

I will show you how funny I am: last week, when the US Embassy in Cairo tweeted a clip of Jon Stewart ridiculing me for arresting Youssef, I deleted their Twitter account. Later I gave it back, because I am merciful as well as practical jokester. But I deleted the tweet about me. Aha! Funny.

Yes, Youssef was arrested. Show me where is my name on the court documents. I did not do this. I love jokesters. An unidentified person is bringing charges against Youssef for insulting me and showing contempt toward Islam. I don’t know who it could be that would be upset about him insulting me. I saw his jokes and said to my underlings, “Go get him. I don’t care what the charges are.” Kidding!

No I’m not.

But seriously folks, you can ask anyone who knows me and they will say I am a very funny man. Just last week I was reading that John Kerry said Washington has “real concerns about the direction Egypt appears to be moving in.” Then he said that Egypt is at a “tipping point.” You can ask anyone who was around me while I was reading that. After I read it, I set the paper down and said to my friend Khairat al Shater, “If I saw John Kerry on a boat, I’d tip it, so he drowns.”

Swear to Allah, I said it, quick-witted as an Egyptian Jon Stewart. I am always joking like that.

Khairat does not have sense of humor. He said, “Ok. I’ll drown him.” Stupid Khairat. He must lighten up.

Maybe that’s what happened. I maybe saw joke by Youssef and said, “If this was five years ago, he’d already be arrested.” But I said it like a joke. Khairat, he doesn’t understand jokes.

Plus you forget we let — I mean, they let Youssef out on bail. So no sniveling, you striped bass. Ha! I like that one. It’s funny in Egypt, because there are no striped bass in Egypt.

Oh, and once I said “Knock, knock.” (Go ahead and respond yourself.) “Giza.” (And here.) “Are you Giza use that?” See?

Maybe this is all lost in translation. Mixed up like gas and alcohol, which don’t mix, right? Gas and alcohol. You know. Gas and alcohol. You don’t get it? You must read more books to keep up with Mr. Morsi.

Maybe now I will sing you a sad song about not eating meat! You can call me Mohammed Morrissey. Ha! I kid. I always kid. Because I am a very funny man. But seriously I must go check on personal investments in China and Qatar now.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80364,"WASHINGTON – Prominent Republicans are rushing to the defense of Representative Vance McAllister (R-La.) this week after the freshman congressman was caught on tape kissing one of his female staffers. While many GOP heavyweights admit that his actions were “probably wrong,” his most vocal defenders are insisting that McAllister, who has been married for 16 years, “deserves a pass on this episode of infidelity” because he has “worked so hard to defend the sanctity of marriage from the gays’ relentless onslaught.”

“Like it or not, Vance has earned this one,” said House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy (R-Ca.). “He’s been one of our most tireless warriors in the fight to keep marriage straight and sanctified. If he wants to shove his tongue down a throat that isn’t his wife’s—well, that’s his reward.”

McAllister, who was elected to Congress in November, centered his campaign around his conservative Christian values, and often used his marriage to his wife, Kelly, as proof of his trustworthiness and fitness for office. But Republicans like Louis Gohmert say that McAllister’s extramarital activities are not necessarily evidence of hypocrisy.

“Regular people have no idea how exhausting it is, defending the sanctity of marriage,” Gohmert said recently. “Sometimes you gotta blow off a little steam. This little incident is nothing when you think about his long record of sticking up for marriage.”

McAllister attracted headlines this January when he invited Willie Robertson, star of the popular reality TV show “Duck Dynasty,” to be his guest to President Obama’s State of the Union Address. At the time, Robertson’s father, Phil, was suspended from appearing on the show after making what many called homophobic comments. McAllister’s invitation was widely seen as an endorsement of Phil Robertson’s views.

“Really, Vance was probably just warming himself up for his wife,” argued House Majority Leader Eric Cantor. “He knows better than most that homosexuals are plotting to destroy marriage all the time, and so he’s got to put in a really good showing in the bedroom, just to keep God’s will going.”

McAllister has apologized for his actions and asked his wife, family, constituents and God for forgiveness. “I realize that I’ve probably used up most of my free pass on this one,” McAllister said Tuesday. “I’m going to keep in in my pants until 2015 at the earliest.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80977,"My name is Brittney, with two “T’s,” and I am 16 and I have worked at the AMC 14 at the Hanover Mall in Hanover for 6 months. I like it okay. It pays minimum wage but we steal candy and stuff, so whatever. Anyway, I am reviewing the new movie “Zero Dark Thirty,” which I saw Friday night while working the night shift.

First, they had the previews and stuff and some ads for Coke and stuff. The trailer for “Grown Ups 2”

looked so awesome; I was lmao at Adam Sandler. He’s so funny. I would literally see him in anything. Then my noob manager came into the theatre and I had to go clean up puke in the ladies’ bathroom and also had to spit out my gum. Ugh. Then I came back and the movie started and I had to tell this POS. to turn off his phone.

So, the lead lady in the movie is Jessica Chastain, who was in “The Help,” which we watched last year in Social Studies class, because Mr. Sibley likes to go outside and smoke, so he puts on DVD’s. LO-SER. So, yeah, she’s all pretty and everything and sooooo skinny. I was kinda jeal. If I ever go above a size 8, I’m killing myself. ANYways…so she’s Maya and she’s all like a model but not IRL. She’s really smart and then there’s this REALLY cute guy who looks like Sam Worthington but is a little, I don’t know, badass, I guess. Like, you would tell him he could only touch your boobs but he’s such a bad guy he would, like, try to rub your va-jay-jay and you’d totally let him because he’s that sick looking. The hot guy is named Dan and he’s, like, in the Army, too, or whatever.

It’s 2003, when I was, like, 4 or something, lol, so why do I give a shit? Lololol! Just kidding. So, they are in Iran or Iraq or something looking for this bin Laden guy, but nobody can find him. First, they start beating this busted, dirty, hairy guy up and shit, like, really bad. Then they talk to some other busted, dirty, hairy guys and do that water boarding shit which is kinda amazeballs to see them do it for real, but it’s an epic fail. Maya gets all upset about the torture and she goes to complain to the guy from “Friday Night Lights.” Then there were some more cute guys talking about bin Laden and some kind of “chaka laka laka” phlegmy names and how are they going to find him, blah blah blah.

So, a lot of time goes by and Maya gets promoted and a lot of people get blown up which was sad. Dan is still trying to beat information out of some more busted, dirty, hairy guys and even puts a dog collar on one, and Maya is upset at that and is all, “We’re frenamies now.” So, then, I thought, like, this is boring. I mean it was all “Beat people up, talk talk talk, something blows up, talk talk talk, blah blah blah, where’s bin Laden?”, so I left and decided to plex a little and see some other movies and then come back. Yolo, right?

I accidentally walked into “Lincoln” and then left fast, because I already learned about him and the South were all haters and everything. So I grabbed some glasses and snuck into “Texas Chainsaw 3-D”! Holy shitballs! It was like regular “Texas Chainsaw” movies, but SUPERSIZED, y’all! Awwwwww, jeah. Then my best friend Darla texted me and was all, “ICYMI, Jeff Garber is now going out with slut Jennifer Byron” and I was all, “WTF?!!?”. Then I watched somebody get put into a meat grinder and then I went back to “Zero Dark Thirty.”

So, now all these people watching the apartment complex where they think Bin Laden is. They’re just waiting to go storm the place and get him and it’s real tense because they don’t really know if he’s in there and Maya is all swag and says, “I know he’s SO in there.” Okay, SPOILER ALERT: So they go get him and kill him and Maya identifies the body and everybody’s all, “yay, we got him.”

Then Maya gets on the plane and gets all emo and it’s over.

“Zero Dark Thirty” was just okay, I guess. I don’t know. I get the realness of it all, and the tension, but I asked myself, like, is killing so many, and robbing humans of their dignity and sacrificing civility worth the capture of one individual? They never asked for recognition or commendation, so maybe it was all for country…but I can’t help but wonder if the screenwriters were just bringing in the ideology of the Bush administration and driving home a pro-torture stance. Maybe it was just about moral ambiguity. I guess those are the points Oscar-winning director Katherine Bigelow is trying to make, but I left with a great deal of uncertainty. And that kind of sucked ass. Then I had to go sweep up some M&M’s some fat bitch spilled while she tried to get into her seat.

I believe it was Nietzsche who said, “The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy”.

So, yeah, no, go see it if you want. I don’t know. Whatev’s.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80273,"Charlotte, N.C. – The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department on Saturday released portions of video footage of the police shooting of Keith Scott. Scott was killed by police Tuesday in an incident described very differently by police and witnesses. A graphic video released on Saturday, taken from police body camera footage of the incident, shows an officer trying to gain access to Scott’s vehicle. It captures the moments after Scott goes down, but the shooting itself is obscured.

Reacting to the controversial video of the incident, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said in an interview with Fox News that the rise in police shootings that has occurred in recent months serves “as an excuse for handing out racist labels,” when in reality, many of the shootings were “pretty justified.” “Now, don’t get me wrong – I think the police are making a lot of mistakes, as well,” Trump said. “But the thing that bothers me the most is the fact that these videos can be very easily misused to paint the picture of police officers who are killing suspects intentionally, just for the heck of it.”

“And that is precisely why I intend to criminalize those body cams that serve against police officers who are wearing them the second I am elected, we can’t have any more of that,” he added. “And here’s a very simple reason why that’s such a good idea. Police officers protect citizens and the law because they have a duty and an obligation to do so. And if that involves shooting an occasional criminal, and if that criminal also happens to be black, then that’s the way it is. On the other hand, criminals aren’t forced to commit crimes; they make a choice to do so, which is why they always have other options.”

Trump continued, “So, I just want to make sure that we still have our priorities straight here. Crime can never be justified, whereas police shootings can be. But when we have videos of those shootings that hurt officers who were doing their job, that’s when a line gets crossed and we need to react. Not to mention they almost exclusively paint white police officers as black-haters and racists. And when we tell that to the world, we get ambushed by the BLM about how African Americans are being oppressed. Well, excuse me, but I don’t think consciously committing acts of crime helps the situation either.”

“Bottom line,” Trump revealed, “if I’m elected president, there will be no more body cams on police officers in the country. I am sick and tired of white cops risking their lives every single day on the job and then having their own equipment turn against them and assist in them being labeled as racists and murderers. And if anyone doesn’t like it, I’ll just refer them to Hillary Clinton, who would rather fire millions of law enforcement employees to gain a couple more political points than face the real problem. And believe me – I know a thing or two about real problems,” he said. “For example, do you have any idea how long it takes to get my hair looking this good in the morning? It’s an endless battle.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81039,"SAN ANTONIO — Across the nation, Americas are reacting with shock and grief to the news that a campus police officer shot and killed an unarmed white male.

“It just doesn’t make sense. I mean, he wasn’t just white—he was in college too,” classmate Johanna Mayes told My San Antonio.

“I could see it if maybe he was a…well, you know,” Mayes sobbed.

The shooting occurred after Cpl. Christopher Carter, a police officer with the University of the Incarnate Word in Alamo Heights, saw the unarmed white male college honors student, who white friends say was not the type to attack police, “driving erratically at a high rate of speed” Friday.

Carter claims that a struggle ensued between himself and the unarmed white male, but his report is at odds with the fact that white people rarely have any reason to struggle with authorities.

“I just don’t understand. It’s not like he was smoking pot earlier that night. He didn’t wear hoodies or baggy clothing. He did like Kanye West a lot, but it’s not like that’s hardcore gangster rap,” said another of the unarmed white male victim’s white friends.

A witness to the senseless shooting told reporters that even the unarmed white male was surprised that he was shot. “I heard (a man) say, ‘Oh, you’re gonna shoot me?’ like sarcastic almost,” the witness recalled.

“I would sound sarcastic too if I was a white guy about to get shot by police, because it’s like, ‘Yeah, right!”’

In its official statement, the university said that it will conduct a “thorough investigation” of the deadly shooting.

“In the meantime, we’d like to remind other unarmed white students that they’re white and have no reason to fear the police.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81959,"Christian author and publisher Mack Major warned recently that “Christian women are losing their salvation” by using dildos, which he called a “direct path to Satan.” “Too many Christian women are losing their salvation because they masturbate,” Mack wrote on the Eden Decoded Facebook page. “Dildos and all of those other sex toys have been used for thousands of years in demonic sex rituals. It’s one of the main ways ancient pagan societies worshiped their demonic gods. Masturbation is a direct path to Satan. There’s nothing normal about it. And shame on any Christian that says so.”

“Did you know that, in the old days, they used to say that every female orgasm is a way of summoning a demon to Earth?” Major said. “And if a woman was to have a certain number of orgasms in her life, she would be accused of summoning Satan. Because, each orgasm is one step closer to his rise on Earth. In fact, we are living in such dangerous and sinful times precisely because of female masturbation. Christian females are single-handedly responsible for the Supreme Court’s ruling on same-sex marriage. That is their reward for doing the Devil’s work.”

The conservative author also went on to call husbands throughout the country to “stop their wives from performing these gruesome and demonic acts of self-pleasuring.” “Talk to them, order them, chain them to the bed if you have to – whatever you do, just make them stop. Otherwise, an Apocalypse will befall us all very soon.” He added, “And should you at any point doubt the sincerity of my words for any reason whatsoever, just remember that witches in Salem were burned not just for practicing dark magic, but also for organizing mass orgies in which they pleasured one another. If our ancestors knew how dangerous this act really is, who are we to judge and change their ways?”

“However,” he added, “don’t be too quick to stop all types of masturbation. Male masturbation is quite alright, especially if it is performed by one’s wife. So, we’re all good when it comes to that. And that’s where the line stands. You must not allow your wives to seek out pleasure in such ways, but on the other hand, the Devil is fine with you yourselves doing it, he doesn’t mind. In fact, I bet he’s got a couple of smoking hot assistants down in Hell who are taking care of him, so you’re all good to go. It seems he too works in mysterious ways.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81611,"Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK), who has called himself a “global warming denier,” on Monday said that there was also “no such thing as a debt ceiling.” The Oklahoma Republican told CBS host Norah O’Donnell that Congress would eventually pass a continuing…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81409,"A black Virginia teenager was handcuffed at school and charged with stealing a milk carton from the cafeteria – and then suspended after he objected to the accusations. Ryan Turk is signed up for the free lunch program at Graham Park Middle School, so he wasn’t even required to pay for the milk, reported WJLA-TV. The student forgot to grab the milk after going through the lunch line May 10, and a Prince William County police officer accused him of stealing after he went back and took a carton.

After suspending Turk, school officials issued a statement regarding the incident, stating that “Ryan Turk is being punished for attempting to acquire something that was not intended for him,” adding that “the incident could have been avoided if the student had followed protocol and not attempted to steal milk intended for white students.” “The school has very strict rules when it comes to the students’ food, and no exceptions are tolerated,” the statement also reads.

“I just wanted to see how it felt to be white for the first time in my life,” Turk told media outlets following his arrest. “And I didn’t steal anything, I politely walked into the line, had a chat with some of the guys there, took a carton of milk to the surprise of the lunch lady, and slowly went on my way. I didn’t try to hide the milk at all. And everybody’s always saying that it’s much easier and better to be white in America, so I just wanted to find out if that was true. And I don’t know, grabbing white people’s milk seemed like the logical place to start.”

School officials told WJLA-TV that “very strict policies are in effect at the Graham Park Middle School,” due to the fact that “we are attempting to cater to the different biological predispositions of the many students who attend classes here. Some might call it racist, but we believe that because of the racial differences, different students need different nutrients on a daily basis. That’s why we offer different types of milk for white students, black students, Asian students and several other groups. The biggest difference is white students need extra vitamin D because of their tan, whereas black students have no need for that. That is just one example.”

“Even though we did not create the biological requirements for each type of children we have here, that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do our absolute best in nurturing them separately. Therefore, we have implemented policies regarding food groups and nutritional requirements based on the genetic characteristics of each race. So far we have not seen any side effects, and we have reason to believe such practice will continue indefinitely. That essentially means we are right, and when we prove that, we will become a model for many schools in the country. That is what we are ultimately hoping for,” school officials concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80034,"GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump late Monday mocked Hillary Clinton for visiting the bathroom during last weekend’s Democratic presidential debate, saying it was “disgusting.” “What happened to her?” he asked during a rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan. “I’m watching the debate and she disappeared,” Trump continued. “Where did she go? Where did Hillary go? I thought she quit. I thought she gave up. They had to start the debate without her, phase two. I haven’t started with Hillary yet, [but] Hillary’s going to get beaten.

Trump also crudely taunted Clinton for coming up short against then-Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.) during the 2008 presidential election. “She was favored to win, and she got schlonged, she lost, I mean she lost,” he said.

“You know, I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: political correctness is killing this country. It’s the reason why we’ve gotten to a point where everybody is walking all over us as they please. And there is also another reason why political correctness is a bad thing. It keeps us from calling things what they are, and let me tell you, Hillary Clinton is an example of why America can’t afford to have a woman president,” the billionaire opined.

He also said: “Why do you think women are the ones who get pregnant and bear children and give birth? Why is it that they’re referred to as the weaker sex? It’s because they ARE weaker. Don’t let them fool you into thinking they’re the same as us, they’re not. Equality of the sexes is a joke, don’t even get me started on that. What are you going to do if we have women who want the same kind of power men have? Who’ll be left to have kids and give birth to them? We’ll become extinct if we let women be equal to men.”

The real estate magnate also stated: “And another thing: If by some miracle a woman ever becomes President of the United States, what’s going to happen when she suddenly gets her period during an important speech? What if we’re in the middle of a terrorist crisis and she suddenly has to go to the bathroom? There’s a good reason why we’ve never had a schlongless president, and why we never should. It’s too dangerous and complicated. You really need a big schlong to be able to deal with ISIS and Putin. Make no mistake.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
40765,"SEATTLE—Soon a cup of Joe may be out of reach for the average Joe, as Seattle’s Best Coffee is introducing a new pricing scheme, with the cost of lattes eventually topping out at $$15.

The move comes as the Seattle City Council unanimously approved a proposal to increase the city’s minimum wage to $$15 an hour, fulfilling a campaign promise of Mayor Ed Murray and more than doubling the national average.

Skeptics of the wage increase, which will be poured out in phases according to the size of the businesses affected, are worried that the added costs to the employers will be filtered down to the customer.

“Some price inflation is inevitable,” says economist Fiona Silverstein of Antioch University. “Trenta is the new venti. The real question is whether hourly workers will take their extra earnings and feed them back into similar establishments.”

William Henderson, a barista for Seattle’s Best since 2003, said he is relieved to “finally earn enough money to pay [his] heating bills.” But he is concerned that he might not be able to afford a latte from his own coffee shop without a little extra help.

“Fortunately,” Henderson noted, “the company gives us a generous employee discount in lieu of health insurance.”

He says the subsidized caffeine has been critical to keeping his mind off of the throbbing pain from a steam burn suffered years ago while on the job.

Seattle’s Best Coffee has helped its working class target demographic rise to the challenges of the day since winning a local competition that gave the company its name in 1991.

Its parent company, Starbucks, already proved the existence of a reliable market for overpriced coffee, argues Jeff Thompson, a manager for Seattle’s Best in the city’s downtown area. “So I think it will work out fine, so long as my baristas don’t start getting any ideas about being able to take regular bathroom breaks, like their colleagues uptown.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80368,"“Washington, D.C. – One of U.S. government’s largest safety net programs won’t be there to catch people if the federal government shuts down next month. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which provides monthly food benefits to 45 million Americans, will go dark if Congress fails to pass a law funding government operations after October 1, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which oversees the program.

“On the other hand, the Oklahoma Republican Party is making a case against food stamps by comparing poor people to animals, reviving a stereotype that’s often deployed against Americans who rely on government benefits to feed their families. In a Facebook post published recently, the Oklahoma GOP suggested that the millions of Americans receiving food stamps this year should not be enrolled in the program because “the animals will grow dependent on handouts and will not learn to take care of themselves.”

“This government deserves to be shut down, especially because of the way it has been running the country, or better to say not running it,” an Oklahoma GOP spokesman told Newslo. “The only thing this government has been good at for the past 4 years is taking money from hard-working, law-abiding Americans who bust their asses every day to provide for their families, and giving that money away to free-loaders and lazy hypocrites who don’t have the willpower or motivation to maintain their personal hygiene, let alone get a job and work for a living.”

The spokesman added: “When you really think about it, poor people are just like animals: they’re filthy, they stink, they sit around all day and wait for someone else to feed them. There really isn’t that much difference.”

“And that’s why it is important to shut down social safety net programs and the government in general, because when people get accustomed to the fact that someone is willing to offer them something for free, they’re never going to want to work for it ever again. And that’s the situation we have in the country right now – millions of lazy Americans are sitting around idly, doing nothing and waiting for the government to give them a free meal. Well, that needs to stop because it’s ruining the economy. It kind of negates the whole idea of capitalism,” the spokesman concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81239,"LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Basking in the glow of overriding Democratic Governor Mike Beebe’s veto to pass controversial legislation banning abortions after 12 weeks last week, Arkansas state legislators quickly went back to work and passed a bill restricting the ability of mothers to choose the name of their newborns.

“It’s clear to us that women are not capable of making good choices and are determined to ruin the lives of their babies,” proclaimed State Senator Eddie Joe Williams. “Now that we made sure mothers can no longer kill their babies in the womb, we had to take the next step and protect these innocent lives from the permanent scarring that can occur from any choice the mother might make, including naming her flesh and blood something stupid. Like, say, Barack.”

The “Naming America for a Brighter Future” bill has gained incredible traction with the conservative bloc since being introduced, and passed yesterday in both houses over a veto-threat from Governor Beebe, allowing history to repeat itself. The bill penalizes women for naming their children with a $$2000 fine and up to six months of jail time. Additionally, it places the power of naming the State’s children with a bi-partisan committee to be created at a later date.

“The choice of a child’s name is not something that should be entrusted with an overly-emotional woman who has just given birth. I mean those girls are all jumpy and crying when they’re on the table with their legs spread,” explained State Representative Homer Lenderman. “No, it’s the proper matter for a politically-crafted committee that has never seen nor will ever see the child in question. Preferably one made up entirely of men, who are better at making choices than women. The last thing we need is another damn Bryttanniey.”

“We don’t take this matter lightly,” asserted State Assemblywoman Mary P. “Prissy” Hickerson, “I’ve seen babies named Peter when they were clearly a Nathaniel. What was the mother thinking? My experience over the years is that when given the freedom to choose, women often choose wrong. It’s better for the world when a baby that looks like a Bobby Joe, is named Bobby Joe.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
83283,"“We see no reason why she wouldn’t be able to do the same with another Democrat, only this time with a bit more practice”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81235,"“A California congresswoman warns global warning will be so detrimental to poor women, it will drive them to prostitution. Rep. Barbara Lee, D-Calif., has re-introduced legislation that forces the government to address all “policies and programs in the United States that are globally related to climate change” through the lens of gender.

“Her resolution, “Recognizing the disparate impact of climate change on women and the efforts of women globally to address climate change,” asserts that long-term and catastrophic weather changes will result in drought and destructive weather events such as flooding, which could lead to food shortages, joblessness and disease, along with economic and political crisis on a regional scale.

“Since “women will disproportionately face harmful impacts from climate change, particularly in poor and developing nations where women regularly assume increased responsibility for growing the family’s food and collecting water, fuel and other resources,” the measure reads, they will be the most desperate and vulnerable, forced into situations, “such as sex work, transactional sex, and early marriage.”

“The picture that Lee, who has had a consistently high liberal voting record since she was elected to Congress in 1998, paints is grim. She says environmental crises will force women to migrate, often into refugee camps or other vulnerable circumstances, where they will have to scrounge for food and resources for their families. The resolution insists that the government should focus on poor women, as well as empower women to develop strategies to prepare for these eventualities. Lee first introduced the measure in 2013, but it was not enacted.

Speaking exclusively for Newslo, Lee stated that one of the measures that could help women deal with the devastating effects of global warming is legislation oriented towards legalizing marijuana across the United States.

“It’s clear as day,” Lee stated. “The benefits of marijuana have been known for years, which is one of the main reasons why it has been consistently used for various medical purposes. States like Colorado have already realized the benefits of making marijuana legal, and have set an example for other states.”

Asked how marijuana would help women cope with global warming, she said: “I’m surprised you would even ask me that. How does it help anyone deal with any other problem? It sends you into the stratosphere and makes you oblivious to the situation you’re in, duh.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81838,"Fox News host Martha MacCallum on Monday asserted that the solution to the arrest gap between black and white Americans was for African-Americans to smoke less marijuana. In a recent interview with The New Yorker, the president had said that marijuana…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80198,"KARACHI, Pakistan – Ten Pakistani Taliban militants attacked the Jinnah International Airport in Karachi late Sunday night in what appeared to be a violent protest against baggage fees, cancelled flights, and other grievances the terrorist organization has with modern airline travel. Abdullah Bahar, commander of the Pakistani Taliban, admitted that his group was behind the attacks–which left 28 people dead–and said that Pakistan and the world could “expect more of the same until airlines start treating people with decency.”

“This is a war,” Bahar said Monday, shortly after the gun battle between militants and police finally ended. “A war on smug airlines who think they can treat people like crap and get away with it.”

Bahar said that “infuriating delays” were one of the group’s chief motives for attacking the airport. Five Taliban “missions” have been ruined because of delayed flights over the past month alone, according to Bahar. “How can we bring the jihad to the infidel West if we’re spending fifteen hours stuck in Lahore on layover?” he asked. “It’s just not right.”

Bahar–who has led the Pakistani branch of the Taliban since November, when its previous leader was killed in an airstrike—also expressed his personal displeasure with the movies airlines frequently show in-flight. “Personally, I’d rather not poison my mind and soul with the godless excrement that Hollywood belches out,” Bahar said. “But if I have to, can we at least get some quality pictures? Matthew McConnaughey is doing some really interesting work lately, and yet I’m stuck watching Grown Ups 2.”

Pakistani officials believe that the group was trying to destroy several planes and much of the busy airport’s infrastructure, which could have had a significant impact on the country’s aviation industry. “I hate the Taliban more than anything, and what they’ve done here is despicable,” said Sindh province Gov. Ishrat Ul Ebad Khan. “But you have to admit, they do kind of have a point. Flying these days is just dreadful.”

Although all ten attackers were killed during the fighting, several workers remain trapped inside the airport. Bahar said that he “knows how awful it is to feel trapped in one of those prisons,” but maintained that the attack was necessary because of the “endless list of annoying things that airlines won’t stop doing.”

“And what is it with those seats? Bahar said. “You can’t recline them far enough, your knees bang the seat in front of you, and the fabric smells like baby farts. Violence is the only response to that kind of injustice.”

The Taliban are also promising that similar attacks will continue until something is done to address their complaints. “As long as we are breathing, our attacks will be continuing ’til the end of our lives,” Bahar vowed. “Or at least until I’m allowed to check more than one bag for free.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81086,"In another example demonstrating that Pat Robertson believes in persecuting non-Christians and indoctrinating children, the televangelist openly suggested that parents should beat their kids until they respect Christian beliefs. During yet another shameful episode of The 700 Club, which runs on Disney-owned channel ABC Family, Robertson received an email from a woman who claimed that her grandson disrespects their Christian faith when they visit their daughter on Christmas and chose not to visit this past year. “Somebody take that kid to the woodshed and let him understand the blessings of discipline,” he advised.

“And while we’re on the subject of beating,” Robertson continued shamelessly, “I was thinking that that might not be such a bad punishment for married women who are thinking about voting for Hillary Clinton in November’s election. But, then again, it’s probably a little harsh to beat on your wife just because she has no idea who it is God wants to be president. Okay, here’s a compromise: non-Christian wives should get a beating from their husbands, and Christian wives should have their husbands boycott intercourse until they change their mind. How’s that?”

The 700 Club host went on to argue that “it’s about time” husbands take matters into their own hands, “and when I say ‘matters,’ I’m referring to their manhood.” “At the rate we’re going, more and more women are taking over the traditional role of men, and that’s not a good thing because it leaves men with a lot of free time to act like women. They wax their eyebrows, they wax their bodies, they wear skinny jeans, they put makeup on – it’s as if suddenly we’re living in an upside-down dimension,” he argued. “So I’ve thought long and hard on how to take back what is rightfully ours, and I came to a unique conclusion.”

“Namely, women have been using their vaginas as weapons against men for thousands of years. It’s simple economics, really: they realized their girl parts were in high demand with men, so they did the natural thing – they started limiting the supply,” Robertson elaborated. “That’s how they were able to overpower us over time. So, I figured, why not use the same strategy? They clearly enjoy intercourse just as much as we do, if not more. Therefore, it makes perfect sense that husbands should weaponize abstinence and turn it against its creator. And marriage is the perfect playground to test that out, just like the upcoming presidential election is the perfect opportunity, as well.”

“That’s why I urge Christian husbands of all ages and races across America to stop having sex with their wives for the purpose of demonstrating that they don’t have control over us, and especially so if they’re planning to vote for Hillary Clinton. American women need to learn two things: one, that they don’t control us, but that it’s the other way around, and two, that God has made it very clear He wants Donald Trump to be the next President of the United States. And both of those things can be achieved through boycotting marital intercourse for a period of time. I know they tend to think blueb*lls are a fictional problem. Well, I guess we’ll have to see how they feel about having severe cases of blue-gina in the coming weeks,” Robertson concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79965,"Appearing on MSNBC Monday afternoon, the campaign manager for GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump defended the candidate over comments he made Saturday when he threatened to sue the women who have accused him of assaulting them. Speaking in Gettysburg on Saturday, Trump put forth his plans for the first 100 days of his presidency with a series of policy proposals, only to take a odd turn by stating he also plans to sue the “liars” who have come forward since the Access Hollywood tape was released.

“When it comes to the presidential election, there’s this misconception that everything is fair game. Contrary to popular belief, that’s just not the case,” Conway argued. “You don’t go after someone’s family, after someone’s integrity, and if you do, you better apologize for it and hope that the other side doesn’t sue you. Because they have a right to do that, you know. They have a right to seek out justice by any means necessary and very often that’s not a pretty picture. And this is not a threat, but Donald Trump is a man who knows how to protect himself and that which belongs to him.”

She continued vigorously, “And let’s analyze for a second what’s being said about Donald Trump in the media as of late. He’s being called a sexual predator, a molester, an abuser and a whole other plethora of negative and insulting terms and names. Yet, on the other hand, there are very few arguments said about his businesses and his companies. And what does that mean? That means that nobody can hit him where he’s strongest, but instead, they target his integrity and his good name. What’s being said about Donald Trump today is nothing more than a flawlessly organized smear campaign.”

His campaign manager then revealed that a great number of lawsuits are being prepared “even as we speak,” many of which will target the “organizers” of Trump’s smear campaign, including his counter-candidate, Hillary Clinton. “I’m not supposed to be talking about this, but Donald Trump is not the kind of man you insult only to have him forget about it. He knows how to hold a grudge, which is why it’s never a good idea to get on his bad side. Now, Hillary Clinton has done that on a number of different occasions and she will pay the price for slander.”

Conway also argued that the Republican presidential candidate aims to sue the Democratic presidential candidate on the basis of “bringing dirt into the election,” meaning that Donald Trump actually believes that Hillary Clinton orchestrated the entire media campaign against him. “And you know how he knows that’s true? Because the only reason she did it is so people would turn their attention to him, while she gets away scot-free and doesn’t get punished for accepting billions of bribe money from her newfound Middle-Eastern friends.”

“She’s a lot like Mussolini, who used the same tactic in pre-World War II Italy,” she added. “Generations of Italians suffered during his regime, and many of them couldn’t survive any other way except by emigrating here. And Hillary Clinton is now doing the exact same thing. Only trouble is – America IS the promise land. Where are generations of young Americans supposed to emigrate to once she ruins this country the way Mussolini ruined Italy?” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80449,"CHICAGO — In an unprecedented attempt to fix America’s education system, the Chicago school district has banned all students from families making more than $$27,000 a year from attending class. The board argues that because children from low-income families get a disproportionately lower education than their wealthier counterparts, the ban will level the playing field once and for all.

“The savage inequalities in our schooling system are simply disgusting,” said school board member Janet Nichols. “If poor kids can’t get to school every day, then neither should rich kids. This is the best thing we’ve ever done for our children, and hopefully the rest of the country adopts the same strategy.”

The ban, which begins January 1, will affect approximately 200,000 students and 12,000 teachers from 15 zones within Chicago’s city limits. Private schools are being fully shut down, and any student who lives below the poverty line and attends private school will be allowed to attend one of the designated operating schools. Students living above the poverty line will not be able to attend class for at least three months, after which the program’s efficacy will be evaluated

But few in Chicago’s upper class are worried.

“School is for poor people,” says 16-year-old Anthony Warren. “You ever hear of Bill Gates? Mark Zuckerberg? Paul Allen? Rich kids don’t need school. I got two tax-exempt shell companies for my 16th birthday, and I didn’t learn shit about that in school. I’m going to be a millionaire by this time next year. Have fun with your little ban.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81573,"BELMONT, Mass. – Presidential candidate Mitt Romney spent most of Tuesday walking in and out of a Boston voting station, voting for himself again and again. Thanks to an interesting electoral loophole, Governor Romney was permitted to vote one time for each of his several personas.

At 8am, Moderate Mitt waited in line with commuters who were voting on their way to work. Romney wore a grey suit and red tie, and shook hands and had friendly conversations with hundreds of voters. He voted in a special booth in the center of the facility, thanked the local election officials, and waved goodbye to the crowd.

At 12:30pm, Staunch Conservative Mitt strode into the local school gymnasium wearing faded jeans and a leather jacket. Flanked by marines, he paused at the door and eyed a local teen, then directed security to question him. Romney gathered the crowd for a brief sermon on Obama’s evil, then voted at a makeshift altar and left in a mud splattered Ford Super Duty.

Throughout the afternoon, Romney planned to vote several more times in different styles depending on the demographics present at the polls. Wealthy Business Mitt emerged in a black tailored suit from a helicopter that landed in the street, and spoke rapidly on a Blackberry while quickly voting and departing, associating with no one. Mormon Mitt came later, as did Small Business Mitt, and Pro-Choice Mitt is expected to vote shortly.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80176,"GUATEMALA CITY – The most unusual murder mystery this year has just gotten more peculiar. While avoiding police in Guatemala, anti-virus guru John McAfee has transformed into an actual walking, talking anti-virus program.

“We’ve never seen anything like this,” said Dr. Adolfo Felipe. “It seems that so much of his interest in creating anti-virus software has re-wired his brain into an actual anti-virus program. It truly is amazing.”

McAfee’s paranoid tendencies have mirrored his most secure anti-virus package, leading him to check up on police activity, pop up whenever he thinks something is wrong, and even delete memories that he deems to be malicious.

The official diagnosis of his anti-virus transformation came when McAfee was rushed to the hospital for heart problems. When doctors asked what may have caused his heart complications, he said he had “14 infected files.” He further clarified that “one of the infected files is murder and [he needs] a new hard drive to fix it. It can’t be deleted.”

“The recent heart attack saga involving Mr. McAfee stemmed from an attempt to delete his most malicious memories from his brain,” said head surgeon Mario Ernesto. “These infected files are slowing down his system and he’ll eventually need a whole new brain to be back at 100% functionality.”

It’s rumored that McAfee is currently experimenting with hallucinogens in an attempt to create a new brain.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81713,"Fox News host Bill O’Reilly claimed on his show Wednesday that abortion regulations are so lax in Texas that some women get abortions because they’ve sprained a hand. “You can just kill the baby, or the fetus, however you want to describe it,…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81727,"COLUMBUS, Ohio — Republican Senator Rob Portman of Ohio announced today that he has had a change of heart with regards to gay marriage thanks, in no small part, to his college-aged son who came out to his parents two years ago.

“When my son came to me and told me he was gay, my first reaction was shock, because I’d always thought that gay people came from the bowels of Satan,” said Senator Portman. “But I took another look at my wife’s vagina and reconfirmed that it was, in fact, very nice and not Satanic in any way. So I had to do some serious thinking.”

After having his wife examined by a series of Priests, Rabbis, and Imams to be absolutely sure that she was not Satan in disguise, Portman began to entertain thoughts that just maybe homosexuals were not inherently evil. “Suffice to say, this totally shattered my worldview,” he admitted.

“It was a rough time for the Senator,” remembered Aja Brooks, who serves as Portman’s Legislative Aide for Civil Rights, Women’s Issues, Family Issues, the Arts and Humanities, and Firearms. “He called me one night at two in the morning in a panic and asked me if I thought having a gay son made him a bad man. I assured him that his experience as George W. Bush’s budget director outweighed anything else on his resume.”

Portman had been considered a leading contender for the position of Mitt Romney’s running mate. When asked if the gayness of Portman’s son had had any effect on the selection of Paul Ryan instead, Matt Rhoades, who had served as Romney’s Chief of Staff at the time, was adamant that it was not. “Yes, we knew his son was gay. But that had no bearing on the decision to drop the popular Republican Senator from a blue state we had to win if we wanted the Presidency from the ticket and go with an unknown, untested, and slightly crazy Ayn RAnd worshipper from a sate where we had zero chance of competing,” he insisted. “It was his hair. Mitt didn’t like it. It didn’t look Vice Presidential enough.”

Asked why he waited two years after learning about the sexual orientation of his son to chance his views, Portman answered, “I spent years building up my homophobic views, supporting a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage, voting for the Defense of Marriage Act, voting for a bill to prohibit gay couples in Washington from adopting children. Becoming a total hypocrite takes time.”

Portman says being openly supportive of gay rights is freeing, and he’s forever grateful to his son for the opportunity to be less of a dick. “I see the world in a whole new light,” he says. “I don’t mean I’m planning on becoming a Democrat or anything, but today is the first day of a new me. Who knows what the future will bring.

“Tomorrow I might try cross-dressing.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82947,"(Video Credit: Jimmy McMillan) Jimmy McMillan, who rose to fame during New York’s 2010 governor race has decided to throw his hat in the ring for the Mayor of New York City by releasing a rap song. McMillan is the first candidate in New York history to release his political platform via a rap song. […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80800,"Ann Coulter was not impressed by Tuesday night’s Republican presidential debate on CNN, telling talk radio host Joyce Kaufman recently that only Donald Trump isn’t “embarrassed about getting white votes.” She also stated that she’s fed up with Republicans comparing themselves to Ronald Reagan. “For Pete’s sake,” she said, “Reagan was elected 35 years ago. The world was a different place. The main problem facing America is no longer the threat from the Soviet Union, it’s not encroaching communism, the threat facing America right now is we’re about to become Uganda.”

“I mean, one look out the window is more than enough to realize that in today’s ‘modern’ America, the white Christian male has become an endangered species. I mean, we’re taking in literally everybody, blacks, Hispanics, Asian, women, Muslims, Hindus, I mean whoever wants to become an American, Obama just nods and they’re in. But that’s not the problem I have with immigration, that’s how we came to be as a country, after all. What bothers me is that whoever comes in brings a lot of their former country, culture and religion with them. So, now you have a situation where middle class, white Christian men are a minority in their own country,” she fumed.

The commentator also went on to claim that “the once greatest country in the world is slowly taking the shape of a third world refugee haven, exploited for its riches,” and added that “even Uganda has a more homogenous demographic, and that really tells you how low we’ve sunk and what kind of scum we’re collecting here.”

And when Kaufman lamented that even Republicans are adopting the “bankrupt philosophy” that “inherent white privilege exists,” and added, “It’s all like a bad movie, Ann, and every day I wake up and I say, I don’t know how this story ends,” Coulter’s rhetoric really took off.

“You know, I’ve thought a lot about that, and there’s really just one solution,” Coulter opined. “The only thing that can save this God-forsaken country is Donald Trump. And I’m not talking about Donald Trump, the billionaire businessman, I’m talking about Donald Trump, President of the United States. What we need, Joyce, is a white Christian hottie with a huge pair between his legs who’s not afraid of clashing with cowards and standing up for the oppressed white race.”

She added: “That’s the kind of man this country is crying for, and I don’t care what anyone says – he gets the job done and puts his country first. And speaking of what’s between his legs, even though he’s married, I’m pretty sure there are millions of white American women nationwide who wouldn’t mind examining hands on what it is that makes Trump so cocky and confident.” Kaufman interjected, “And are you one of them?” to which Coulter replied, “I’m too much of a lady to answer that directly, but since I’m not afraid of answering any question, I will say that all of his money wouldn’t be enough to buy that man enough Viagra for a night with me.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80321,"WASHINGTON — Although mainstream news agencies suggest hope that Democrats and Republicans will reach a compromise on the federal budget is rapidly dwindling, Newslo’s in-house science research team has found that the likelihood of compromise, at zero percent, can only increase.

“These conclusions were drawn from minimal data,” said Head Science Researcher Dr. Ren Bernoulli. “We generally perceive the inability of Congress to work out a bargain on anything to be a self-evident truth. Remember the debt ceiling? Sequestration?”

Despite a recent Gallup poll showing that 60% of Americans favor compromise, Dr. Bernoulli speculated that most Americans actually lost all hope a long time ago. Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray (D-WA) expressed the same cynicism.

“Hope never existed,” said Murray. “They made it up so there would be a conflict for their narrative. Here are some things that are more likely to happen before a budget deal compromise: Kony 2013. Mick Jagger getting satisfaction. Joffrey from Game of Thrones having a redemption moment. Um, Peter Pan saying ‘goodbye.’ Shit, this is hard.”

Dr. Bernoulli warned against misinterpreting the findings to mean things will get better. While the likelihood of compromise can technically only increase, Dr. Bernoulli advises the public not to get their hopes up.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81665,"VATICAN CITY — After a frenzy of recent publicity surrounding a Vatican decree that appeared to offer indulgences to Catholics for following Pope Francis’s Twitter account, Vatican officials today clarified that the indulgences would not be given to Tweet followers, but rather to those who actively ‘Like’ the Tweets on Facebook.

“Anybody can follow His Holiness on Twitter without actually reading His Tweets,” explained Archbishop Claudio Maria Celli, the head of the pontifical council for social communication. “To earn an indulgence, a member of the Faithful needs to prove they are actively engaged by spreading The Holy Tweets throughout cyberspace, be it via retweeting, a Facebook Like, or posting it on Reddit. Basically anything except Stumble Upon, which is the Devil’s work.”

Historically, indulgences were granted to sinners who, after confessing their sins, went out into the world and performed charitable deeds. The indulgences could then be used in the afterlife to reduce the amount of time one must stay in purgatory. More recently, they’ve become a popular trading commodity in online multiplayer RPGs.

The initial announcement was seen by some as a blatant attempt to attract more Twitter followers for the pontiff, whose nine different accounts – each in a different language – are currently subscribed to by more than seven million people in total. Archbishop Celli quickly brushed away the accusation. “While following His Holiness on Twitter at @Pontifex can only bring one closer to the Almighty, it is simply another way for the faithful to hear The Word,” he said. “The number of souls who follow Him is of no matter, at least not until we approach Lady Gaga numbers, at which time we’ll turn up the heat.”

Father Steven Avella, papal expert and professor of religious history at Marquette University, was not surprised at the Vatican’s elaboration on their social media indulgence policy. “Pope Francis has really made reaching out through social media a priority for The Church,” he said. “When I first heard about the indulgence-for-Twitter-following ploy, it rang hollow to me, because this pope is a visual pope. I simply couldn’t imagine His Holiness engaging in anything online that didn’t include Pinterest or Instagram.”

Archbishop Celli promised that tweets were just the beginning for Pope Francis. “His Holiness will be holding a flashmob-style Mass somewhere in the Northern Hemisphere next month,” he teased. “He hasn’t even told us where or when, but He’ll leak the details via a special Skype town hall at some point in the future, the time and His Skype handle to be announced via his Twitter account when you least expect it. Follow him at @Pontifex today or you’ll miss out!”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81647,"NEW YORK — Pfizer has come out with a new psychotropic that reportedly eliminates bothersome elements of the human condition, such as fleeting malaise, self-doubt, and concerns about mortality. Marketers at Pfizer have dubbed the drug Edenify, in reference to the biblical Garden of Eden. In a press release, Pfizer described its new product “a […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80692,"“Washington, D.C. – President Barack Obama is making his first trip to his father’s native Kenya as president this summer, the White House announced Monday. Obama will travel to Kenya in July for bilateral meetings and the 2015 Global Entrepreneurship Summit, an annual conference that connects entrepreneurs with governments, international organizations and business leaders.

““His trip will build on the success of the August 2014 US – Africa Leaders Summit and continue our efforts to work with countries in sub-Saharan Africa, including Kenya, to improve security, strengthen democratic institutions and accelerate economic growth,” Josh Earnest, the White House Press Secretary, said in a statement.

“This will be the President’s fourth trip to sub-Saharan Africa. His last trip was in December 2013 for the funeral of Nelson Mandela. He also traveled to Tanzania, South Africa and Senegal during summer of 2013 for a series of events on the United States’ commitment to young leadership development, democratic institutions and African economic growth.

“Obama famously traced his family’s roots in his 1995 memoir, “Dreams From My Father.” His father, Barack Obama, Sr., was born and raised in Kenya. He lived in the United States in the 1950s and 60s, and ultimately returned to his home country, where he died in a car accident in 1982.

“Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz told reporters additional details about the trip are forthcoming, and he did not yet know whether the President would visit with members of his extended family. Obama Sr.’s native country has also spurred controversy on the President’s birthplace and citizenship – a simple “Obama Kenya” Google search turns up countless conspiracy theories, which the President himself poked fun at earlier this month at the Gridiron Club’s annual dinner.

However, a source in the Republican Party, who requested anonymity, revealed to Newslo that the President is putting up a “smoke curtain” with his so-called visit to Kenya. He exclusively shared information that the President could face some trouble with the US Department of Homeland Security, and has decided to conveniently leave the country because of it.

“All these recent problems, such as the nuclear talks, the current situation in Yemen and various other scandals have prompted the President to take some ‘well-earned time off in his beloved homeland’ and rightfully so, since he ‘worked tirelessly to ensure the situation which he’ll be leaving for his successor in 2016 is as US-friendly as possible,’” the source revealed, poking by saying that “the DHS isn’t too happy with the way things are being run at the moment.”

“Blood is thicker than water, and Obama is aware of that. By choosing to go to Kenya of all countries, he is signaling that his roots are not forgotten, while at the same time, is successfully managing to avoid the Homeland Security’s radar. He knows he will feel safe there, among his own people, and the most powerful man is one who’s inspired and motivated. There’s no place like home, and that’s something Obama knows well,” the source concluded.

Meanwhile, the Department of Homeland Security did not wish to speak with Newslo, or comment on the information from the GOP HQ.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80884,"WASHINGTON – Republican leaders recently accepted the need to court a rapidly increasing Hispanic population despite the GOP’s deep-seated distrust of “newness in general and brown people of all kinds.” The Republican Party has historically displayed animosity towards “those people” who are generally characterized as “coming in and taking our jobs.” However, after the disappointing election results in November, conservatives have had to take stock and recognize the value of a group of people, “however brown they may be.”

Congressman Paul Ryan has “become hopeful” about the GOP’s potential transition into a party Hispanic voters might remotely consider. “Look, we really didn’t think we were going to have anything in common with these guys. But while these folks may not look like Real Americans on the outside, many of them hold conservative values on the inside. Turns out, the fastest growing voting bloc in America is actually chock full of Catholics and evangelical Christians! All we have to do now is convince them that abortions and gay marriages are way worse than the way we’ve historically treated people of color in general and immigrants in particular, and boom! Back on top.”

While a strategically sound move for continuing the party’s viability, conservative base members in border states like Arizona are strongly resisting the shift. Republican leader and former presidential candidate John McCain faced an angry crowd during a Town Hall meeting this week as his former supporters asked him why they should consider immigration reform and why he was backing off “the dang fence.” McCain responded by explaining in plain terms the rationale behind the abrupt shift on his immigration reform policies: “Look, it’s not like I think Mexicans deserve basic human rights,” the Senator explained. “I’d love for them to get searched on every street corner as much as you would, visa or no visa. But this last election saw a democratic president, gays getting married, and legal pot all over the place. We need to get practical: pandering to an influx of socially conservative, God-fearing immigrants is the only possible course of action that could save our asses.”

Arizona is not alone, however. Republicans have found that convincing the conservative base to shift their stance on immigration has been “slow going nationwide” due to the “rampant racism and xenophobia” for which the party is known. Registered Republican and “End-Times Expert” Jasper Martin explained during a protest outside of the RNC that “Mexicans ain’t gonna save the Grand Old Party. We won’t get bailed out by some goddamn ‘seasonal laborers.’ That’s just offensive.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81565,"WASHINGTON — Fresh off Congress’ near fiscal cliff dive that threatened to send America into a recession and raise taxes on millions, the Republican and Democratic parties are once again locked in a heated political battle. This time, the parties find themselves unable to agree upon exactly which manufactured controversy they will need to invent in order to distract the American public from their glaring lack of representation.

Democrats favor a scandal between a homosexual prostitute and a family values conservative lawmaker, whereas Republicans prefer an approach involving videotaped footage of president Obama choking a puppy to death with his bare hands. Compromise appears to be nowhere in sight.

“Democrats seem incapable of understanding that without something else to focus on, the American public might actually expect us to vote on things, or whatever the hell it is we’re supposed to be doing here,” said Speaker of the House John Boehner.

White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters, “the president hopes republicans will accept his plan before the 11:00 am deadline on Tuesday, when he has reservations at Kapala Golf Club on Maui. Kapala does not offer refunds. Whatever happened to fiscal responsibility?”

However, there are grounds for hope. Political insiders hint that compromise can be reached next month when leaders from both parties meet to decide upon which Middle Eastern country to next invade. Until then, a nation soldiers on.

Media analysts speculate that Americans will remain sufficiently distracted in the meantime by news of Kim and Kanye’s new baby, and the continued exploits of Honey Boo-Boo Child.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
28641,"Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC), who is taking over the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from the departing Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT), said on Friday that he will not pursue any investigation into Russian interference into the 2016 presidential election. Politico reports that Gowdy told reporters on Friday that he “wants to return the […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81915,"LOUISVILLE, Ky. – Just days after being stunned by NBA Center Jason Collins becoming the first openly-gay athlete in a major American team sport, the sports world is reeling from the news of a second major American athlete coming out- powerful three-year-old Thoroughbred and Kentucky Derby favorite Verrazano.

“He’d been antsy all day after Collins’ announcement. I could tell something was bothering him,” said Verrazano’s trainer, Todd A. Pletcher. “When he finally told me that he was gay, I could see the relief flood through him. There was an extra spring in his step and it was all I could do not to cry tears of joy. He’d been carrying this weight in his heart for so long, but thanks to Jason, Verrazano found the courage to reveal his true self.”

Verrazano spent the first two years of his life hiding the truth from everyone, especially his father, More Than Ready, who placed fourth at the Kentucky Derby in 2000, and his step-brother El Padrino, who placed 13th in last year’s Derby. The secret shame he felt in remaining in the stable’s closet all his life made him emotionally unable to race as a two-year-old. When he races in the Kentucky Derby on May 4, he will try to be the first horse to win the Derby without racing as a two-year-old since 1882’s Apollo.

When he finally began racing this year, he was dominant, with an aggression jockey John Velazquez now attributes to the inner turmoil over his sexuality. “I’ve ridden a lot of winners in my day,” said the Hall of Fame jockey. “But Verrazano was always different. Determined. Unrelenting. Out to prove something. Now that I know what he’s been dealing with, it makes perfect sense and I am even more honored to straddle him.”

Verrazano is undefeated in his young career, winning all four races he’s entered in inspiring fashion, especially the March 9 Tampa Bay Derby, which he won by three lengths.

“[Second place finisher] Java’s War said something to him right at the gate that really ignited his fuse,” said Velazquez. “Something about being a sissy boy. It didn’t make any sense to me at the time, but now I wonder if somehow he knew Verrazano’s secret and was trying to intimidate him. Whatever it was, it obviously didn’t work. He ate Verrazano’s dust.”

The overly-humble Verrazano isn’t expecting the same outpouring of support that has followed Jason Collins’ revelation- including a call from President Obama and positive tweets from the likes of Kobe Bryant, Spike Lee, The Rock, and former President Bill Clinton. For the probably Kentucky Derby favorite, coming out was about being true to who he is and quieting the inner demons within.

For most of the racing world, Verrazano’s announcement, while stunning, is a non-starter. “Who he loves in his spare time is his own business,” said Michael Tabor, co-owner of the international Coolmore Stud stallion conglomerate which purchased a half-interest stake in Verrazano earlier this year. “Right now we’re focusing on May 4 and winning the Kentucky Derby. Then he’ll be a prize stud and spend the rest of his life impregnating mares for millions a pop.”

“If he needs a good-looking stallion in the next stall to get him in the mood before he can get to work, that’s easy enough to arrange,” continued Tabor. “He just has to perform. He doesn’t have to like it.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81587,"CHICAGO — Local office technician Ryan Lane went home sick yesterday afternoon after reportedly realizing that all of the lunch breaks and bathroom visits he spent reading the Onion were a waste of time. Lane’s colleagues said he would often appear irritable whenever they discussed the news, and that the last straw may have been their conversation about whether or not Congress would vote to attack Syria.

“I spent my entire commute to work reading the Onion, so I thought I’d be able to put a funny spin on the office conversation that day,” said Lane. “Then all of a sudden they started talking about Syria and somebody named Asswad I guess the U.S. is thinking about going to war there, but I had no idea.”

Lane admitted that he thought something significant was happening in Syria when he read an Onion article about bears entering the conflict, but became distracted by one of the site’s entirely fictional “Area Man” stories. “Everybody in the office was saying that over 100,000 people have died over there, and they were debating whether or not we should attack. I just stood there thinking about goddamn bears.”

Lane’s cubicle-mate Anthony Phan said that until yesterday he had no idea his friend spent so much time reading the Onion. “It makes sense now, though. He never had much to add to conversation–just some off-topic jokes, mostly,” Phan recounted. “I just didn’t think people actually expected to get any real information from [the Onion] anymore. I read this article on Slate the other day that said the Onion just makes shit up these days.”

On the other hand, the pain Lane experienced was “very real.” “God, it was embarrassing,” Lane told his roommate immediately after arriving home from work. “I’m still digging through their site looking for something I can use to talk about the real world, but it’s just a bunch of smartass jokes. Look at this! Area Man Croation; Area Man Would Like To Be One Rescuing Dog For Once; Area Man Man’s Man; But Area Man Had Pizza For Lunch; Area Man Likes To Think Of Himself. Enough already!”

“Don’t get me wrong, the Onion is fun and all,” conceded Lane, “but what’s the point beyond a little laughter and sarcasm? There’s a lot going on in the world, and it’d kind of be nice to know about it. After all, the essence of satire is truth, right? Not bears.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79811,"During the “Overtime” segment of HBO’s Real Time, host Bill Maher’s panel took some parting shots at Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) – who is stepping down – for wanting to strip Americans of their health care while at the same time complaining he isn’t paid enough to stay in Congress. With host Maher noting that Chaffetz is retiring after saying he couldn’t afford to stay in office, columnist Dan Savage blistered the Republican congressman. “Aren’t these the very assh*les who lecture poor Americans to live within their means?” Savage asked. “And to go without health care? Chaffetz is the very assh*le who said maybe you shouldn’t buy a cell phone, maybe you should buy health care instead because a health care plan annually costs about the same.”

Commenting on the aforementioned as well as a whole plethora of other comments from the panel, Rep. Chaffetz said in an interview with portal KnowMyRepublican.com, “It’s quite alright, I’m used to it.” He also added, “The thing is, those kind of people can afford to spend their time sitting down and talking about this and that, things that they like to think are important and so on. The entire show is based on getting a bunch of people together who are supposed to be authorities on various subjects and then what? Their discussions are somehow supposed to end in important conclusions on these topics? Are they, perhaps, meant to find solutions to some kind of problems or whatnot? I mean, I don’t get it – before I get into what I think about everything that was said on that show, can somebody please explain to me what the point of the so-called ‘show’ is in the first place?”

He continued, “In lack of a better term, I find such gatherings of men and women pointless and I think nothing better of Bill Maher. He is nothing more than a mole with hair plugs that likes to find incendiary news and headlines and then fire them up even more to make it look like he’s turning the public’s attention towards important things. In reality, all he’s doing is he’s calling up people from left and right, some of whom have absolutely no reason to comment on any of the topics, like that Savage guy or whatever his name is – I mean, who is he? What’s he done? How’s he important? Why is he relevant all of a sudden? It’s just like if you or I or anyone for that matter suddenly decides to gather a group of friends and have some TV cameras around and discuss things that have happened in the news today. Anyone can do it, really, there’s absolutely no organic popularity whatsoever behind Bill Maher’s friendly gathering.”

“And let me tell you something else – as for the spiteful comments on how I’m not able to survive on my salary – I’d love to have the stomach to just call random people into my company and discuss headlines and record that and then sell it to a TV network like Bill Maher does. Unfortunately, for me it doesn’t feel right to sell empty content for money, that just doesn’t sit well with my conscience. And there are a lot of lawmakers out there who are struggling just like me and who are faced with the same predicament. Lawmakers in this country – especially Republican ones – need and deserve to be paid way more for the risks they’re taking on the job every single day. The media shamelessly attacks them and ruins their good name and all they’re trying to do is something good for this country. That sometimes even results in people wanting to shoot Republicans – you’ve seen what happened at the recent GOP baseball practice. Republican lawmakers are under a lot of stress and pressure daily and they need to be adequately compensated for it,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79888,"The website, VOTEORWE’LLBLOWYOURSKULLAPART.COM, so far has already received 50,000 hits and attracted upwards of a 1,000 volunteers.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81405,"THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA — With the second-degree murder trial of Floridian George Zimmerman now in its third week, Americans are glad that absolutely nothing else is happening in the world. Since the trial’s opening statements, apparently, all other news has stopped, leaving Americans to fret and argue over Zimmerman’s fate without having to deal with depressing distractions.

“It’s so nice that the rest of the world has been so calm and quiet during the trial,” said Arnold Lewis, an Indiana resident. Lewis says he has spent the last few weeks watching 24/7 coverage of the trial on CNN Headline News, save for short bathroom- and napping-breaks. “Sometimes the news is so depressing. Thank God there haven’t been any tragic plane crashes or train derailments lately—that really would have put a damper on the Rachel Jeantil testimony. Now that was a disaster!”

Other Americans are happy that the political turmoil that had been rocking the Middle East since the Arab Spring suddenly calmed once Zimmerman’s trial got underway. “Nobody ever talks about the Syrian civil war these days, so I guess those folks worked out their differences,” said Johanna Burns of Buffalo, NY. “Which makes me really happy. Now, as soon as Zimmerman gets convicted, all will be right with the world.”

Ms. Burns said she is also relieved that Egypt’s post-Mubarak government is holding strong, and that the murder rate in America has dropped to zero. “It really is a wonderful world,” Burns said.

National media have been devoting large blocks of programming to coverage of Zimmerman’s trial since it began June 25, and network producers say it’s been an easy few weeks.

“I can’t tell you how relaxing this job has become lately,” said Peter Hampton, a producer with CNN. “Since the Zimmerman trial is the only thing worthy of note happening on planet Earth, all we have to do is sit back with our feet up and play the live feed of the trial, then bring on some assholes to argue over which side’s winning. I’m not even sure what I get paid for anymore.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80958,"Pop singer Jennifer Lopez appeared in a special concert Saturday night for the dictator of Turkmenistan, who runs one of the world’s most brutal and oppressive regimes. “It was our pleasure!” she cheered from the stage. “And we wish you the…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80288,"Last year, Ann Coulter took the gloves off following Michelle Obama’s commencement address at Tuskegee University. Appearing on the Fox News program Hannity, Coulter spoke to Sean Hannity about the First Lady’s comments, which she characterized as “Rev. Wright”-esque. “Will she be too angry? Too loud? Too emasculating?” Michelle said, referring to some of those racial stereotypes she was weighed against. For Ann Coulter, it was an eye-rolling moment. “Yes, America does owe black America for slavery, for the Democratic policies of Jim Crow,” Coulter said. “But I think we’ve – we’re making it up now, when you’re getting admitted to Princeton when you can’t read, is that enough yet?”

Recently, the conservative pundit was at it again, telling Hannity that she was “right” when she made last-year’s comments, after the host reminded her of her words. “I seriously don’t know how much longer people are going to keep trying to catch me in a lie, because, you’d think it’s pretty clear by now that what I’ve been saying all along is the truth – admittedly, a not very pleasant truth – but truth nonetheless,” she argued. “Not only have we been repaying our debt to black America for decades now, but I’m even willing to go so far as to argue we’ve overpaid them significantly. In fact, if my math is right – they’re the ones who owe us once again.”

“Although, if we’re being completely honest, part of that newly formed debt has been somewhat paid-off in November,” she added. Asked to elaborate, Coulter explained that the fact that a percentage of black people actually went out and voted for Donald Trump “proves that black people always preferred white people as their masters.” “And well, we can’t deny them that, can we?” she asked shamelessly. “After all, when they openly display support to a white presidential candidate, for me that’s a clear sign that they no longer want one of their own to be calling all the shots.”

She continued, “Now, I’m not going to go into the how and why of it and whether or not that has anything to do with vanity, but the end result is pretty clear: black people want Donald Trump to be the president of all of us. And I am very happy about that. They’ve finally come to their senses and have abandoned the ridiculous notion that one of their own could do the job of POTUS just as good as a white person can. And one might even be tempted to argue that that goes for all non-blacks; however, I still think Donald Trump is unique in that sense. He has managed to win their support not because he’s made promises to deport Mexicans out of the country, but because the man is an epitome of fairness and equality.”

“Of course, the fact that they voted for him, which, let’s face it – nobody saw that coming, but the fact that it actually happened could also be because he promised to offer Ben Carson to be secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. And that’s perfectly fine. They all know that they’re much better followers than they are leaders, and they’ve finally started acting like it. They’re not cut out to be Presidents; that’s fine. They can handle having a high-ranking black secretary – so be it. They bit off more than they could chew with Obama; I think they’re on the right track with Carson and the fact that he’ll still be taking orders from a white guy,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80528,"“Standing steadfast as the most socially right-wing candidate in the GOP presidential field, Rick Santorum has repeatedly touted his extreme anti-choice position, which dictates that abortion should be uniformly illegal, even in cases of rape or incest. He even suggested that physicians who provide abortions to such victims should be criminally charged.

“Last Friday, CNN’s Piers Morgan asked Santorum to clarify his reasoning behind such a callous position. Insisting that “it’s not a matter of religious values,” Santorum explained that sexual assault victims should “accept this horribly created” pregnancy because it is “nevertheless a gift in a very broken way” and that, when it comes down to it, a victim just has “to make the best out of a bad situation.”

“You know, terrible things are happening all over the world,” Santorum elaborated. “There are murders, wars, mass genocides and other atrocities being committed across the globe almost daily. And when you think about it, what compensation does someone whose entire family gets killed in a suicide bombing have? None. They’re left alone in this world until they themselves die. On the other hand, and I assure you I’m not drawing any parallels here, rape victims are often impregnated by their assailants. It’s not the happiest outcome, but I do believe it is one marginally better than losing your entire family within seconds.”

When Morgan asked Santorum whether he was comparing rape and suicide bombing victims, the former U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania responded, “No, not in the least. I just told you I’m not making any parallels.”

“Then what are you, in fact, saying?” Morgan continued inquiring. Santorum explained: “Look, a tragedy is a tragedy no matter which form it happens in. And tragedies will continue to happen long after we’re all gone. That’s just the way of the world. But, life goes on, and healing and overcoming bad experiences is what life is mostly about. So, maybe it would be better to perceive post-rape pregnancies as God’s way of saying, ‘I understand your pain and I bless you with this child to comfort you in your life ahead.’ That is certainly a better and mentally healthier perspective than aborting the child; after all, it’s not its fault.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79889,"Malibu, California – famous celebrity and film and television actor, Charlie Sheen, announced today that he will be running for office in the presidential election in 2016! The “Two And A Half Men” former star made his announcement live during the 12 o’clock news in an interview that featured him lying among 12 adult movie stars and drinking a bottle of “Jack Daniel’s” scotch live on the air. The label of the alcoholic drink was blurred seconds into the start of the interview, but it just goes to show that the popular TV-star doesn’t seem to change at all.

Given the fact that such behavior is nothing out of the ordinary for the globally popular celebrity, it’s hard to believe that he could actually be serious in his intent to make the White House his permanent residence as of 2016.

“It’s just one of those things where you suddenly feel an urge and the next thing you know, you’ve got your pants down and the crowd is going “hello!”, you know? I just got to thinking: I’ve pretty much accomplished everything else in my life that I’ve wanted to, so what’s the next step? If simple logics are to be followed, and I always tend to follow my own logic in the simplest way, being president is the next step in my career. If nothing else, at least I won’t apologize if (and when) the sh*t hits the fan”, Mr. Sheen stated in his interview.

And if the polls are to be believed, he might just pull it off! The troubled television star is struggling with his personal life, but the people are saying: “to hell with that; we’ve all had our ups and downs. What matters is that he manages to pull through, and the best way to do that is get some responsibility” – George Mulkinson, 26, Milwaukee. “I’ve always been a fan of Charlie, and my love for him only grew stronger when he left TAAHM; when it’s all said and done, we need a president who’s not afraid to call it like it is, without any BS” – Jennifer Crows, 24, New York.

He’s got the headlines, he’s got the support, and everybody knows he’s definitely got the guts and insanity to do it. All that’s left now is to wait for the election and see whether Charlie Sheen makes good on his promise to change America.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79910,"Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke lauded Donald Trump’s rise to become the Republican nominee on Wednesday, saying that he had overcome “Jewish supremacists who control” the United States. The notorious white supremacist had previously endorsed Trump and the billionaire construction magnate failed to reject Duke’s approval in February. On his radio show on Wednesday, Duke launched into an anti-Semitic tirade, saying that opposition to Trump showed that Jews are “the real problem” and the “reason why America is not great.”

He said, “And then you’ve got people who are going to go out and defend Jews and who will say, ‘Well, you know, Jews have been an integral part of the American people ever since Revolution.’ And I say that’s not true. America was doing just fine following 1776. Our economy was booming, we were making cotton like crazy, we had plenty of strong, durable workforce because black people made good, hard-working slaves. Not even the Civil War endangered the long-term path of progress this country was on. I mean, we were practically unstoppable.”

“And then came World War II and that’s when the doo-doo hit the fan,” Duke argued. “For example, Albert Einstein was a great scientist, sure, but everybody believes he was agnostic even today. When in fact, the man was as Jewish as they come. And what happened to us? We started taking in tons and tons of Jews who were fleeing all parts of Europe because of Hitler. And sure, that was great for the Third Reich, but it also meant we wound up with millions of Jews we didn’t ask for. That sparked the downfall of this great country.”

Duke also added, “And that is why I support Donald Trump. The man has personally assured me that he will genuinely make America great again. And the way he plans to do that is stop all the refugees you see coming into our country on a daily basis. And I’m not just talking Syrians; I’m referring to everybody who’s not American, including Mexicans, Hindus, Jamaicans, Chinese, every single person who is not born on American soil. And for those of you who are wondering – yes, that also includes the British. We had a hard time driving them out the first time. Well, this time it’s going to be different.”

“When he’s done closing up the borders and building walls, that’s when the real fun is going to start. I am happy to say that I was given rock-solid guarantees by Mr. Trump that he is going to focus his attention on making Christianity the number 1 religion of the United States, as it should be. And that means no more Jews, no more kosher anything, no more synagogues, no more nothing that can be even remotely associated with Judaism. And that could potentially include deporting all the Jews on American soil back to Israel, in addition to banning all further migrations to America from Israel. Though, we’re still discussing that, but it’s definitely an option. Because we have to see where we’re at once we finish deporting all the Mexicans and Kenyans. But, we are close to a decision,” Duke concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80780,"DECATUR, Ga.—The NRA declared that the lack of injuries in Tuesday’s Atlanta-area school shooting is a victory for gun supporters everywhere.

A suspect was taken into custody moments after police responded to a call reporting shots fired inside Ronald E. McNair Discovery Learning Academy, a charter school that houses students from pre-kindergarten to fifth grade a few miles outside of Atlanta.

The alleged gunman brandished an AK-47 and demanded to talk to a local television station before surrendering to police after both sides exchanged fire. “Shooter apprehended; all kids safe and accounted for,” interim Superintendent Michael Thurmond told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution early Tuesday afternoon.

“This harmless shooting is further proof that guns are not as dangerous as the media wants the public to believe,” stated NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre, who earlier this year urged the nation’s schools to hire armed guards to keep children safe from violent intruders.

“If firearms are so dangerous, how could one man bring an automatic weapon into a school full of children and not injure or kill a single one of them? Even after shots were fired, nobody was hurt, so how dangerous could an AK-47 be?”

“I bet more kids have been injured by playing dodge ball in the gym,” added LaPierre.

LaPierre went on to express his support for parents whose children attend the school, and urged them to take the opportunity to speak to their children about “the real dangers facing today’s youth.”

“Thank God no children were hurt today. But parents have to ask themselves: who is really to blame for today’s shooting? This would never have happened if it weren’t for the violent video games and music that give guns a bad reputation.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81049,"WASHINGTON — House Republicans, gloomy in the wake of the passage of the Violence Against Women Act, quickly regained their mojo and overwhelmingly passed the “Passive-Aggressive Act Against Women Act.”

“This is an historic day for the Republican Party,” House Majority Leader Eric Cantor proclaimed. “Today, by reluctantly declaring that rape, murder, disfigurement and senseless beatings against women have no place in today’s GOP, we no longer will be confused with the Taliban. But by passing the Passive-Aggressive Violence Against Women Act, we reaffirm the sentiments of Soul Brother Number One, James Brown, that it’s still ‘A Man’s World.’”

Republicans were forced to abandon their support of more overt violence against women in the wake of highly-publicized and embarrassing remarks by representatives like Todd Aiken who coined the phrase “legitimate rape,” and others who said that “date rape” didn’t really count.

PAVAWA codifies that it’s still okay, and perhaps even encouraged, for men to express hostility towards women by: withholding child support; placing onerous restrictions on obtaining an abortion; paying 70% of what men make for the same job; denying promotions; making it harder for women to get credit; sleeping with her friend; insulting her intelligence and looks; calling women who sleep with you ‘whores;’ staying out all night without explanation; and a host of other oafish, offensive behaviors.

Cantor continued, “I’m proud to say that in regards to women’s rights, this squarely places the GOP all the way up to ‘1965’ sensibility, marking the first time that our party has been within a half-century of contemporary thinking on women’s issues since we reluctantly recognized women as people.”

Women’s groups were sharply divided on the Republican action, between those who called the lawmakers “clueless and irrelevant,” and those who dubbed them “reptilian, evil and vile.”

When informed of the overwhelmingly negative response, Cantor responded with what he called the “official” Republican response to complaints from womens’ groups. Sticking his index fingers in his ears, he chimed “La-la-la-la. I can’t he-ear you.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80088,"A Washington Post profile of Mike Pence published Tuesday revealed that the vice president “never eats alone with a woman other than his wife and that he won’t attend events featuring alcohol without her by his side, either.” The vice president’s refusal to dine with women without the supervising eye of his spouse set off a firestorm on social media, garnering both passionate critics and defenders of Pence’s rule. That firestorm continued Friday on “The View,” with the co-hosts split over whether the vice president is unfairly sidelining women through his refusal to meet with them, or simply adhering to his religious principles in – as co-host Jedidiah Bila put it – “one of the sleaziest towns in the country.”

Asked to explain which is it in a subsequent Friday interview with Internet portal KnowMyRepublican.com, Vice President Pence said that his personal life “should not be put to the forefront of national media attention when there are so many other issues that need the spotlight much more.” “Trust me, this is not the first time people were surprised at what they feel is some sort of a discriminatory practice aimed against women. But I can assure you that’s not the case,” he said. “I am merely trying to live my life the way I believe is right and I am not judging anyone who choses to do otherwise. Similarly, I would call on the people of America to do the same when it comes to my privacy.”

However, while elaborating on what he himself referred to as a “fail-proof way of steering clear of infidelity,” the vice president also slipped in that he hopes “women start bringing their husbands voluntarily” to meetings with other men. “To be frank, it would save us quite a lot of trouble of having to enforce it by law,” he added. “Because, America is changing and I believe the people are noticing that and are supporting it. That’s what gives me strength and hope that we’re on the right path and that we are already changing this country for the better and making it great again. But, unfortunately, not all change is good and pleasant. Sometimes you have to make harsh cuts and unexpected turns, but I can assure you we’re doing everything with the utmost passion aimed towards making life in this country easier and of a higher quality.”

He continued, “For example, I’m well aware of the fact that there are many people out there who disagree with the pro-life movement and the end result it’s trying to realize, which is to have more Americans in the following years. Coincidentally, in order for that to happen, we need more traditional marriages and more babies born that way. That means we have to find a way to stop people from cheating on their partners, and it just so happens that my rule of taking my wife to every private meeting that involves another female or alcohol in any shape or form appears to be the ideal solution. That being said, I’d like to reiterate that it is my most sincere hope that women start doing the same and start minimizing the chances of cheating on their spouse, which, as we all know, often results in an out-of-wedlock pregnancy. But, if it doesn’t happen, there’s always a legislative way to go about it,” Pence concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80643,"Rep. Roger Marshall (R-KS) thinks that there is a segment of the population that doesn’t want health care and he doesn’t want to have to pay for them. According to an interview with STAT News, the Kansas doctor explained that the Medicaid expansion under Obamacare helps the poor but most of those people just don’t […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80279,"Kellyanne Conway denounced reports about Donald Trump being compromised by Russia but stopped just short of denying them. Trump’s senior advisor and former campaign manager appeared Wednesday morning on “Good Morning America,” where she described the reports as “unsubstantiated, uncorroborated.” Buzfeed posted what was purported to be a 35-page dossier presented to both Trump and President Barack Obama detailing a former British intelligence officer’s claims about Russia gathering compromising information about the president-elect. Also in the document, a source says Trump hired the presidential suite of the Ritz Carlton Hotel in Moscow, where he knew President Obama and Michelle Obama had stayed on one of their official trips. The source goes to say that Trump asked prostitutes to perform a “golden showers (urination) show” on the bed where the Obamas had slept.

Conway initially attempted to deflect the question by arguing that the entirety of the dossier was “not even fake news.” “Honestly, I have to say, the person who came up with all these lies, I mean you’ve got to give him props, he’s very creative. Maybe he’s in the wrong line of business, he should have been a reporter or something, because he’s very talented when it comes to fabricating heinous lies,” she said. However, when asked again about the alleged sex show, Trump’s advisor indirectly admitted that there was, indeed, fire where there was initially smoke. “Look, we’re talking about an entirely different country here, alright,” she said. “They were under communism for more than a century or so, and you know, when you come from that sort of regime, when you’re born under an iron boot, and then suddenly you break free, you tend to get a little bit off the chain. All that freedom is like a drug, I imagine the change must have been pretty intoxicating.”

“To my knowledge, and I have consulted a number of people about this, apparently, golden showers is something that’s completely legal in Russia, so, you know, as strange as it may seem to us, it’s not our place to judge. They’re just different, that’s all. And if they enjoy being urinated on, then that’s their problem,” Conway said. Asked to elaborate on the fact that the dossier clearly states it was the President-elect who asked for the show to be performed specifically on the same bed in which the Obamas had slept, she argued that there was “absolutely nothing racist about that whatsoever.” “I mean, what was he supposed to do – ask for another king-size bed to be placed in the suite just so he could preserve the sanctity and cleanliness of the bed in which His Highness Barack Obama and his wife had slept?” she argued.

“Come on, be real – God only knows what the Pope does to young altar boys every night in his bed and you don’t see the Vatican’s current assets going through the roof in their balance sheet. That’s because they don’t change the bed every time the Pope defiles it, he just goes back to sleep as usual. Maybe they just change the sheets or something, you know, to get the smell out. But hey – if a Pope can do it and still be called a saint, surely a Donald Trump deserves a ‘boys will be boys’ get-out-of-jail-free card. At the end of the day, Trump is going to do a lot more for America than the Pope has for Catholics regardless of what they both do in their spare time. So, I think we all need to let the man do his thing and just worry about ourselves. At the end of the day, all great men have their quirks – they need them in order to stay great. So, if the man wants to watch two prostitutes pee on each other, he should. As long as he doesn’t start peeing on the American flag or people, we’re golden. Pun intended,” Conway concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81207,"Washington, D.C. – Emboldened by the election of Donald Trump, Republican state lawmakers in Texas kicked off the new legislative filing period on Monday with a trio of bills that would roll back abortion and LGBTQ rights. State Rep. Byron Cook (R) proposed legislation that would require women to cremate or bury the remains of a fetus after an abortion or miscarriage. A second abortion restriction, proposed by State Rep. Matt Schaefer (R), would remove an exception in the state’s 20-week abortion ban for severe fetal anomalies.

Yet, a third bill would ban second pregnancies altogether for women who have had one or more abortions. This piece of legislation, proposed by State Rep. Jonathan Elmquist (R), is focused on “teaching irresponsible people a lesson in what happens when you take a baby’s life lightly and consider it less worthy than your own,” according to its author. Elmquist spoke with KnowMyGovernment.com and argued that steps must be taken to “ensure people realize that they have no right to be careless and play around with the sanctity of life, especially since fetuses can’t protect themselves as small children or adults can.”

“If we don’t stand up for them, nobody else will,” the state rep. told the Internet portal. “Don’t assume for a second I haven’t thought about the possible repercussions of such a rigorous piece of legislation; I have gone over them thousands of times, but at the end of the day, I think that unborn children need to be protected by outsiders if their own mothers aren’t going to do it. And if they get upset for it, that’s perfectly fine, I’m ready to take the heat, because I designed my bill so that it doesn’t give second chances, ever.”

He continued, “For the time being, it’s still a work in progress, but I feel strongly about it and I think it will become a powerful law; revolutionary, even. And this is only the beginning, because according to today’s laws, we’re not able to instruct clinics that perform abortions to immediately sterilize women undergoing the procedure at those facilities. Because, that would be the best and most cost-effective way of doing it. And it’s definitely something we’re considering for the future, as it would greatly lower the toll such mass procedures would take on the federal budget.” He also added, “Plus, with Trump now in the White House, it’s only a matter of time – he’s a businessman, they’re always looking to cut unnecessary costs.”

Asked to elaborate on his newly revealed future plans, Elmquist argued, “it’s pretty simple.” “The way things are today, we can’t ask that of doctors and clinics, it’s just not acceptable – legally, morally or any other way. But sometime in the future, hopefully when laws mature enough to allow such a possibility, I plan on coming up with another piece of legislation that would order doctors and clinics that perform abortions to sterilize the patient immediately after the abortion itself. While they’re at it and while they’re fiddling around in a woman’s uterus, killing an unborn child, they might as well reach up a bit deeper and yank the eggs out completely. That’s the cheapest and least traumatic option,” the state rep. concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81288,"WASHINGTON — A nonpartisan study by The Constitution Project, a nonpartisan think tank in Washington, has concluded that following the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, the United States practiced torture. The study also found that the breed of dog known as the pug is ridiculously cute, that most children prefer the taste of chocolate to cauliflower, and that the Sun rises in the east.

On the topic of the pug’s cuteness, the report stated, “Due to their perceived ‘ugliness,’ their scrunched up faces, their tiny yet linebacker-like stoutness, and yes, even the way they grunt when out of breath, pugs are flat-out precious.” The report then lamented that not enough owners dressed their pugs in adorable outfits.

The 577-page study goes on to reveal that the CIA “waterboarded” prisoners, put them in “stress positions” for hours using chains, stripped them naked and caused them to go without sleep for consecutive days. Toward the end of the study, the fact that rain is wet is also unequivocally proven.

The report affirms that these acts of torture could resume with little notice and thus asks politicians to “acknowledge that the authorization and practice of torture and cruelty after September 11 was a grave error, and take the steps necessary to ensure that it cannot be repeated.” Moreover, the panel discovered that if you eat ice cream too fast, you’ll get, like, a really bad headache.

“Or really any cold treat,” said former Democratic Representative from Oklahoma James R. Jones, a co-chair of the report. “I fought tooth and nail to get that in there. When eaten too fast, slushies or sherbet can be just as dangerous as ice cream.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81009,"NEW YORK – Fox News, the enormously successful organization best known for its “Fair and Balanced” approach and record setting ratings, has announced that all of its popular news programming will soon be replaced by new reality shows. When asked why a thriving organization would make such a surprising decision, President Roger Ailes told reporters, […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81956,"“Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson said on Sunday that unmanned drone strikes should only be ordered on the Mexican border to destroy “caves” that are used by those smuggling undocumented immigrants. During an interview on CNN, host Jim Acosta asked the candidate to explain comments last week that seemed to call for the use of military force to stop illegal immigration.

““You look at some of these caves ad things out there, one drone strike, boom, and they’re gone,” Carson had reportedly said. Carson told Acosta that the media had taken his words out of context, and that he was advocating conducting border control surveillance with drones. “I said that to the media at the time, I said that some of you are going to want to go out and say, ‘Carson wants to use drones to kill people on the borders,’” he noted. “How ridiculous. At some point I hope we have some responsible media which actually focuses on the problem.”

Then, the Republican candidate revealed the true purpose of his words: “What I actually meant to say was, I am working on a way that drones could potentially be used to fight abortion. I have had a plan in the works for years now and it has only just recently started to come to fruition.”

When asked to elaborate, Carson said: “Basically, I came to the realization that the use of drones in Afghanistan and other troublesome regions has been very effective in terms of assisting our ground troops. That’s why I came to the idea that using drones to find and identify pregnant women could also be potentially beneficial.”

“I am currently working on a drone design that can successfully identify pregnant women in public places, and already plans are in effect to improve the existing design so it can penetrate various structures. This way, we can be 100% sure that nobody is planning on using illegal abortion as a tool for murdering unborn children. The preservation of life has never had greater significance than now, when technology finally allows us to turn the battle for human life into one we actually have a chance of winning.”

When asked if there were any privacy issues associated with the notion that machines will potentially be able to invade the privacy of people on a level deeper than ever before, Carson nonchalantly replied: “Not really, no. Compared to what the NSA has been doing for decades, drones scanning pregnant women is just a walk in the park.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80488,"PHOENIX — Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer’s decision not to seek a third term has been overshadowed by her stunning admission that she will spend her new life with a second family of undocumented immigrants that she has kept secret for over a decade.

Brewer, a Republican who became governor in 2009 after her predecessor became secretary of homeland security, announced her intentions at the elementary school she credits for kicking off her career in public service.

“Looking back on these 30-plus years—from that first school board meeting right here at Park Meadows Elementary School to my final stretch as governor of Arizona—I feel immensely fortunate,” said Brewer, indicating that she had been “sustained by the most important presence in my life: my faith and my family…”

Brewer then choked back tears before continuing, “…and my second family.”

Brewer told the assembly, “You may not know this, but two of my own children attended this very school when they were your age.” Casting aside her prepared remarks, she then added, “You also probably didn’t know that at night I sneak back into the school to visit my secret second husband in the janitor’s closet down the hall.”

“I’m sure the press will want documentation of this love affair, but the truth is, I can’t give it to them,” said Brewer to the sound of snapping cameras. “Not only does the state not recognize my polyandry, it just so happens that Juan is an undocumented immigrant.”

She blamed the controversial anti-immigration bill she signed into law, Arizona SB 1070, for driving a wedge between her politics and her consort. Now Brewer is having second thoughts about her role in its passage.

“I knew the political risks if the press discovered that I was sleeping with an illegal alien, so I tried pushing Juan away the only way I knew how—with a law designed to root out illegals and send them packing.”

But soon she “noticed the toll the law has taken” on her state’s reputation, the dignity of the many undocumented workers in Arizona, the school system, and her heart.

“Juan told me that if he ever was to see me again, I would have to get rid of the police cars in my motorcade. The sirens made him nervous.

“And so, after completing this term in office,” said Brewer, “I will be doing just that” and spending more time with her second family in a “more welcoming state, like California.”

A spokesman for the governor confirmed to reporters that Brewer’s decision not to run for a third term “was a very personal decision” that she made “in consultation with her family—I should say families.” Should she have wanted to run, Brewer could have found a way around the state’s term limits and “done so believing she would prevail,” according to the spokesman.

“Love conquers all, you know—el amor conquista todo.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81515,"SANTA MONICA, Calif. — In an effort to better tailor its services to the needs of its users, online dating website eHarmony has announced the launch of LuvDrunk, a dating site for people with crippling alcoholism and no aspirations of sobriety.

Although its matching algorithm is notably successful in pairing users, eHarmony initially failed to recognize “a surprising number” of clients who can be categorically identified by their repeated attempts at re-registration and a tendency to write “why bother” in the space provided to list future goals. Otherwise, these users outwardly appeared to be completely functional adults, despite spending nearly all of their time in a voluntary state of total inebriation.

“I’m just looking for honesty, you know?” said Richie Barrister, an eHarmony user who is excited to make the switch to LuvDrunk. “Everyone on eHarmony acts like they shit rainbows. Well, last night I got in a fistfight with a tree and lost. Every morning I come into work with the same Starbucks cup filled with cheap vodka. I’m tired of waking up in an empty, piss-soaked bed. Where’s my princess?”

Fortunately for singles like Barrister, beta testing of LuvDrunk has shown early signs of success.

“I met Penny four months ago, or maybe like a year,” writes LuvDrunk user Sal in a testimonial, “Other women would try to change me, trying to make me go to some restaurant or something. Julie drove right onto my lawn and we shared a romantic couple of boxes of wine in the basement, and that’s why we’re so genuinely compatible, that lying bitch.”

According to CEO Neil Clark Warren, the changes made to the original algorithm were minimal, as both sites operate on the premise that all people are entitled to a healthy relationship without needing to make any efforts at self-improvement.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81336,"LOS ANGELES—Even as some runners have yet to cross the ceremonial finish line, Hollywood already has its sights set on a feature film based on last April’s Boston Marathon bombing. Big screen renditions of national tragedies are nothing new to tinsel town, but the filmmakers are already facing backlash for tabbing Justin Bieber to portray teenage terrorist Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.

“Insensitive at best. A disgrace at the worst,” wrote the Hollywood Reporter. “Making a movie this soon is one thing if you’re dedicated to the story, but this shows they’re just out to make money.”

Writers Eric Johnson and Paul Tamasy—the pair behind 2010’s The Fighter—will base their screenplay on Boston Strong, the as-yet unpublished book from Casey Sherman and the Boston Herald’s David Wedge, but they say it could take years for a film to reach theaters. “People say it’s too soon, but making a film is a marathon and not a sprint,” said Johnson. “I mean…you know what I mean. It takes a while.”

Although the film is not yet attached to a studio, both Tamasy and Johnson have agreed to donate half of their writing fee to victims of the tragedy. The other half will be used to reboot the Air Bud series, which Tamasy created in 1997.

Asked why Bieber is attached to the film so early in the project, Tamasy defended the choice as a shrewd financing move. “An explosive talent like Bieber can get a film made single-handedly. We need an A-list talent to attract studios and do this story justice.”

Bieber has yet to comment publicly on his first feature role, but his management team said the unlikely choice is actually perfect for helping the singer crossover into a new market. “Justin is excited to play a bad guy, especially one with an accent,” said one of Bieber’s publicists. “Plus, Justin has a lot in common with the Tsarnaev boy. For starters, they’re both 19 years old, and they’ve both been on the cover of Rolling Stone.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81646,"WASHINGTON – Yesterday, at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, the senior Republican senator from Georgia—a man whose parents actually named him Saxby Chambliss—said that the recent scourge of sexual violence in United States military was largely due to service members’ “hormones.”

During the hearing—which was called to discuss the military’s increasingly poor record of preventing sexual assaults within its ranks—the following words reportedly left Sen. Chambliss’s mouth:

“The young folks who are coming into each of your services are anywhere from 17 to 22 or 23. Gee whiz, the hormone level created by nature sets in place the possibility for these types of things to occur. So we’ve got to be very careful how we address it from our side.”

Yesterday was not the first time Sen. Chambliss has offered such illuminating words of wisdom. In March, the Georgia Peach, speaking about marriage equality, said, “I’m not gay, so I’m not going to marry one.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82347,"Former actress and Fox News contributor Stacey Dash is drawing fire after the Daily Mail uncovered her 2004 bankruptcy documents that show she was financially supported by her former fiancé to the tune of $$6,000 a month, Perez Hilton reports. Dash was apparently so broke and drowning in debt because she says she couldn’t find work and ultimately filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy. Eleven years after that, Dash told Meredith Vieira in an interview that she thinks women need to work harder and stop complaining about the gender wage gap. “It’s an excuse. Stop making excuses. If there are opportunities, seize them,” she said.

“Because, that’s all women ever do these days,” Dash continued. “They whine about how everything is too hard, how they can’t afford this and that, how nobody is helping them out and most of all, how nobody is prepared to treat women equally. And you know what the real problem is? It’s the women themselves. Because, if we feel that something is lacking, we should stop crying about it and change it. And if a man stands in our way, we should just get down on our knees, work our…khm, magic, right, and make the world a better place. That’s the female way. Guys use their strength, women use…other attributes.”

The former actress then went on to claim that a number of her girl friends just “sit around the house all day, complain about how they have no money and take care of their children.” “At first, I was like, okay, I understand you, and I’ll listen to you mope about it because I’m your friend and that’s what friends do. But when I started to see a pattern, I was like, well things have to change here.” She also went on to claim that “if all else fails, you can at least try a little harder to get yourself a new, rich husband.”

“You can call it what you want, a last resort, the wrong thing to do, the worst possible choice – I don’t care. The fact to the matter is, if this is a man’s world, and it clearly is, then there’s definitely a place for us as well. Because if they get to have all the money, all the power and the positions, then we get to have, well, them. And it’s an age old story too, you know how the saying goes, ‘behind every powerful man is an even more powerful and lazy woman.’ There’s definitely truth in that,” Dash raved on.

“You didn’t go to college? Fine. You didn’t make it through high school? Okay. You’re not too bright? Sure. You don’t want to/are unable to work hard? No problem. Just put yourself out there, a little bit of makeup here, a little bit of plastic surgery there and voila – you’ll be well on your way to set yourself up for life. Just find a guy who you’ll be able to obey and satisfy, and they’ll give you everything. They’re like puppies if you know how to treat them right. And when that happens, they will offer you the keys to the castle. But none of that is going to happen with you sitting at home and feeling sorry for yourself while eating ice cream and watching Oprah. Get up and go at it, girls,” Dash advised.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80428,"WASHINGTON — An internal White House memo expressing President Obama’s desire to move “forward” into a different job position has been leaked to the media.

A majority of Americans thought Obama’s nonchalance during the first debate was either a lack of preparation or presidential cockiness, but the memo reveals it was actually part of President Obama’s plan to land a different job.

“I want to start off by saying thank you for your hard work and dedication,” read President Obama’s memo. “But I really didn’t want to be president for another four years. I tried as hard as possible during that first debate to get the message across, but America still voted for me, and there’s nothing I can do about that.”

The two-page memo was sent out as soon as Florida’s votes had been finalized, and it was quickly leaked outside of the White House. It became the most shared post on Facebook and a trending topic on Twitter within minutes. Staffers are trying to identify the person who leaked the memo, but insiders say President Obama is actually hoping that this will somehow lead to his impeachment.

“This memo should do major damage,” said President Obama. “It reveals that I lied and manipulated my way through the entire campaign. I lied about Benghazi as much as possible; I made up horses and bayonets; I coined the phrase Romnesia; I used Big Bird in a campaign ad without permission; I made sure binders full of women went insanely viral for no reason; and I never even explained what I would do these next four years. How the fuck did I win? Seriously, are Americans that dumb?”

Even with the President’s admission of betrayal, it does not look like he will face an impeachment hearing any time soon.

“He wants to be impeached and we’re not going to give him that,” said House Speaker John Boehner. “Every single time he proposes a bill, I’m going to get on the House floor and cry my ass off just to annoy him as much as possible. These next four years will be living hell for him.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79941,"WASHINGTON — The nearly 1.1 million Americans who waited out a multitude of technical glitches to select an insurance plan on HealthCare.gov can “Bing in the New Year” with their newfound benefits, courtesy of Microsoft’s Mr. Fix-it.

“Blue Cross can no longer screen out the sick from their insurance plans, even if they’re facing death,” said Kurt DelBene, the former Microsoft executive placed in charge of overseeing continued repairs to the federal exchange’s website.

“This represents a historic shift in the way Americans get their healthcare, and operations will continue to systemically improve as we complete the reboot and iron out the rest of the bugs,” he promised.

Assuring the nation that the problematic rollout of the Affordable Care Act “will not be another Windows Vista” has proven difficult for DelBene, who has attempted to sweeten the deal by adding extra perks to the package of benefits.

While DelBene was careful not to reveal too much, his wife—the congresswoman representing the Washington State district in which Microsoft is headquartered—tipped her hand to disclose an obsolete Zune music player.

“By subscribing to this historic public-private partnership,” said Rep. DelBene, “you’ll both receive free preventative health services and be able to enjoy a complimentary Zune Music Pass to help kill time in the doctor’s waiting room.”

The Microsoft Zune was once heralded as a revolutionary technological advance. Despite the hoopla, the device failed to attract consumers in the expected numbers and was formally discontinued in October 2011, though the company’s streaming music software still carries the Zune name.

“My mission is to help the government’s health insurance website find its groove,” said Kurt DelBene.

“Kurt has proven expertise in heading large, complex technology teams and in product development,” said Kathleen Sebelius, the secretary of health and human services.

“With Kurt at the helm, users should anticipate a steady stream of pop-up messages announcing critical updates to HealthCare.gov,” Sebelius wrote in her statement. “And, should you encounter any snags along the way, Clippy—the animated aneurysm clip—will be there to answer your questions in real time.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81948,"Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said she supports Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump’s call for a ban on admitting Muslims into the U.S. “Herd mentality [is] running rampant with hypocritical and/or naïve pundits trying to crush Donald Trump because he’s committed to clobbering the bad guys, and putting the good guys first,” she wrote on her Facebook page. “Trump’s temporary ban proposal is in the context of doing all we can to force the Feds to acknowledge their lack of strategy to deal with terrorism,” she added.

“Because, let’s face it – our country is being overrun by Muslims, many of which are terrorists working for ISIS. And the sooner we admit to ourselves that we’ve made a mistake by letting Muslims back into the U.S. after 9/11, the better. That means we’ll be able to start rounding them up and stop them from doing God knows what else on our soil. Take black Muslims, for example – it’s much easier for them to blend in because we have African-Americans here. So, they don’t even have to pretend, they can walk the streets freely and just set off a bomb without anyone suspecting it,” she told media outlets while commenting on her post.

She added, “Like, you’ve got Muhammad Ali. As a fan of boxing and athleticism, I was very saddened by the news of his death. But on the other hand, as a political figure and former governor of a U.S. federal state, I have to admit I was also slightly relieved. Because, he was black and he was a Muslim – those are two qualities one should not be having in America today. Plus, he was also a boxer. It’s a known fact that people with plenty of muscle are endowed everywhere except in the head. Having lived such a violent life, he would have been the perfect recruit following recent events in this country.”

“And that’s another thing – Muhammad Ali is, and I’m sorry to say it, but he’s a symbol for black, Muslim men. Again, not something you want to be these days and in this country. Some say he symbolized courage and sportsmanship. In my book, the only thing he symbolized was unnecessary violence and aggression, two traits commonly associated with all black Muslim men. Coincidence? I don’t think so. Black Muslims are traditionally violent, they’ve just gotten good at hiding it over time. And now that their symbol is gone, they have nothing left to hide behind.”

“You remember how he used to talk trash about each of his opponents before getting in the ring with them? Sound familiar? That’s the same thing Al-Qaeda used to do, and the same thing ISIS is now doing with the public beheadings and all that. It’s called psychological warfare, and Ali did it in the past just like today’s terrorists have adopted the technique from him. They’ve been studying us for years, and they’ve done their homework quite well. So I say, beware of black Muslim people. If you see them walking down the street, cross over to the other side or change your direction. Better safe than sorry. I fear dark clouds are looming in the sky,” Palin concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80051,"President Barack Obama made a surprise visit to a VA Hospital in Arizona to check on care given to vets. What was supposed to be a quick trip, turned into an all-day affair for the President. “I want to experience a typical visit” he said smiling for the cameras. After pulling number 135 from the […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80154,"“Is Hillary Clinton too old to be president? He won’t say it outright, but that’s the question Sen. Rand Paul is getting at. The likely Republican presidential candidate told Politico Monday: “It’s a very taxing undertaking to go through. It’s a rigorous physical ordeal, I think, to be able to campaign for the presidency.”

“And he’s hardly alone among Republicans in wielding Clinton’s 67 years against her. Rick Santorum called the former secretary of state “old,” Sen. Mitch McConnell compared her to a cast member from “The Golden Girls,” and Bobby Jindal called her an “old, tired candidate.” Meanwhile, longtime Clinton foe Matt Drudge accused Clinton of using a walker during a magazine cover photo shoot, and the conservative Free Beacon has had plenty of laughs at the expense of Clinton’s age.

“It’s obvious why a relatively young field of Republican presidential hopefuls see benefit in painting Clinton as old, but it’s unfamiliar territory for Republicans, who are used to defending their own nominees’ advanced ages. In 1984, it was Ronal Reagan – still the oldest president in American history – who had to contend with age questions, especially after he stumbled in his first debate with Democrat Walter Mondale. “Sigh, Ronald Reagan, sigh,” was all former Clinton aide Tracy Sefl said when asked to respond to Paul.

“Ed Rollins, who managed Reagan’s campaign that year, said Republican attacks on Clinton’s age could prove counterproductive. “Republicans will obviously try to make it an issue but I think those attacks won’t work and may backfire. If she loses it won’t be because she’s too old, and maybe because she and her policies are too familiar with Obama, he told MSNBC.

However, speaking exclusively to Newslo, Paul stated that “there’s a completely natural reason why women should not be given too much control in anything, let alone being at the forefront of one of the most powerful nations in the world.”

“Hey, don’t blame me, I’m not the one responsible for things like PMS and hormonal insanity women typically go through all their lives, that has to do with the big man upstairs,” Paul said. “Imagine a woman in the midst of a hormonal tantrum having to decide whether to invade a foreign country, or better yet, how to respond to a terrorist attack on American soil. You’d probably see nukes flying all over the place, and nobody wants that. You get the picture, so I really think Americans should think hard before voting in 2016. After all, we men are biologically much more stable.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81044,"NEW YORK — Fox News hosts today openly lamented the network’s hiring of one-term Congressman and tea party favorite Allen West to be an on-air contributor, expressing concerns that it endangered the network’s reputation as a source for “fair and balanced” news and information.

“Quite frankly, I don’t see how this does anything but allow people to question our integrity,” said Fox News host Bill O’Reilly. “He’s not a serious journalist. He’s not even a pundit. He wasn’t even a successful congressman. This is a man who said that liberal women ‘have been neutering American men and bringing us to the point of this incredible weakness … we are not going to have our men become subservient … then the debt will continue to grow … deficits will continue to grow.’ What the Hell does that even mean?”

Fox News host Sean Hannity agreed, saying, “The guy’s a quack. He once called for censoring American news agencies. Maybe if he’d left it at MSNBC and CNN, he’d have a point, but he lumped us in there as well, and that’s just nuts.”

“Here at Fox News, we have a journalistic standard to uphold,” explained former FOX & Friends anchor Gretchen Carlson. “We have to remain impartial so as to remain relevant and trustworthy. West is a total right-wing nut case. Here’s a man who said, ‘I’m very concerned about this very divisive rhetoric the president is using when he continues to talk about ‘equality’ and ‘fairness,’ and this thing that I think is really contrary to the principles that I mentioned, as far as life, liberty and pursuit of happiness.‘ You just can’t spin that as anything other than bat-shit insane.”

Regardless, Fox News President Roger Ailes defended the move. “Allen West is a voice of the people, insofar as the people are a bunch of raving lunatics lost in conspiracies of their own creation. Since that’s a good share of our demographic, I see this as a no-brainer,” he said.

Former Fox host Glenn Beck was saddened at the news of West’s hiring. “Oh, how the mighty have fallen,” he crooned. “To hire a man who, while a sitting congressman, claimed to know that 80 members of the Democratic House Caucus were communists without having the stones to name them represents a new low for my old network. How can anyone take him seriously, with all the conspiracies he spews out and the way almost everything he says is a factual lie? I weep for Fox. I truly do. That man is clinically insane.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80798,"The Family Research Council’s Tony Perkins interviewed Rep. Louie Gohmert recently about reports, which turned out to be erroneous, that the man who shot five people in a Washington state mall last weekend had voted three times despite not being a citizen. Gohmert, a Texas Republican, then linked the story to efforts to pass criminal justice reform legislation, claiming that Democrats are relying on the votes of “felons,” “people that can’t speak English,” and undocumented immigrants in order to win elections.

“And while they’re there,” he continued, “why don’t they just flat out allow the entire world to vote via the Internet in the United States presidential election? At the rate they’re going, that sure looks like their end game. All the requirements for somebody to actually be entitled to vote in this country went down the drain the moment Democrats started importing foreign citizens for the purpose of influencing a number of things they feared traditional, God-fearing Americans would never allow. Just look at what happened with same-sex marriage, that’s a great example.”

Gohmert went on to argue that “non-fluent-English-speaking” people currently residing in the United States, regardless of whether they’re American citizens or not, “should not be allowed to vote.” “I believe that to be the essential pre-requisite for a citizen of this country that wants to have a say in his own future,” he said. “Bottom line, if you’re incapable of using even the most basic level of the English language, you should not be able to vote in a country that invented it. Well, its purest, most accurate form, anyway.”

“I’m well aware that the English language also existed in England some time ago, but that version sounds nothing like what we have in America today. And even though some would like to call the language spoken here today American, I think we should still call it English, with an emphasis on the fact that we should be credited with creating a language that is today also spoken in countless other countries of the world. It was the Republicans who simplified it to the point where even an idiot can learn to speak it in as little as three months. If it were up to the Democrats, we’d all be speaking French right now,” Gohmert said, causing Perkins to laugh.

He added, “So, if you want to be an American citizen and vote, you have to be using our version of English at least once a day. And by the way, now that I mentioned French – I suddenly realized why so many folks from Louisiana tend to vote for Democrats. It proves what I’ve been saying – chances are that, if you’re not using English in this country as your everyday language, you’re probably going to vote for Hillary Clinton. But that’s okay. And I say that because of two reasons: one; you’re not going to be able to vote anymore pretty soon, and two; there are more traditional Americans in this country than there are imported foreign voters. So, good luck, Hillary.”

“And another thing,” Gohmert added. “Barack Obama’s first language wasn’t English. So, that’s how far Democrats are willing to go in order to quench their thirst for power. And considering that Hillary Clinton’s foundation has accepted more lobby money from rich ragheads than all of Europe from Nazi Germany for post-WWII reparations, I think you know which foreign language is going to be taught in American schools pretty soon. Just saying.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80669,"WASHINGTON — A new Gallup poll has revealed that more than 80% of undecided voters actually think the election is in 2013.

“I had absolutely no idea the presidential election was this year,” said Queens native Robert Masther. “Why do you think I’m still undecided? I was waiting until the election got closer to make a decision.”

After several Internet memes and talk show jokes ridiculed undecided voters for not making a decision so close to election, researchers decided to dig deeper into the minds of the undecided.

They polled 2,000 undecided voters from each state and asked them when they would make a final decision. In a completely unexpected turn of events, more than 80% of the 100,000 respondents said “a few months before the election,” implying that they think the election is in November of 2013.

“At first we thought there was an error in our wording or something,” said Gallup editor-in-chief Frank Newport, “so we followed up with all 100,000 participants and asked them if they knew what day the election was. More than 80% of participants said, ‘Around this time next year.'”

When researchers informed them that the election was actually just days away, 55% said they were not even registered yet, 30% said they would not vote, and 15% said, “No shit.”

White House officials blame the ignorance of undecided voters on the media’s decision to prioritize Big Bird and binder memes instead of issues that really matter, ultimately leaving undecided voters absolutely clueless.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80340,"WASHINGTON – The Senate and House of Representatives voted this morning to radically alter the legal ramifications of “bribery” in an effort to exempt themselves, major lobbyists, and corporations from legal action.

The legal definition of “bribery” formerly recognized the act as “the offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting of something of value for the purpose of influencing the action of an official in the discharge of his or her public or legal duties.” The new statute, however, specifies that it must be “an individual citizen, acting without affiliation to any political action group, political party, corporation, international conglomerate, or leading global bank.” It also mandates that the aforementioned “official” accepting “something of value” must be a “local official,” exempting state and federal politicians and legal authorities from the new law.

Political analysts see the statute as highly transparent and a blatant attempt to legalize the thinly veiled bribery of Congressmen by major companies, industry lobbyists, and the like. “They all do it,” said James Geary, a political theorist based in Washington. “They accept private flights, luxury vacations, jewelry – whatever is offered in exchange for loosening the regulations on pharmaceutical companies, Wall Street, big tobacco, and so on.”

Beginning in the Clinton administration, an increasing number of political figures and industry lobbyists have been accused of accepting or soliciting bribes. “Instead of just abiding by the rules,” Geary says, “they’re doing the classic Congress move: changing the rules.”

The statute amendment passed the Senate and the House almost unanimously. One of the few naysayers of the bunch was Rep. Rick Berg (R-ND), who issued a statement this morning calling the condoning, if not the encouragement of bribery, “shameful…an absolute mockery of everything our Founding Fathers stood for.”

One hour later, Rep. Joe Wilson (R-SC) was caught leaving the Capitol Building and heading for his new Rolls Royce, which he was thrilled to announce was “a gift from the NRA.” He added, “It is truly a beautiful day for America when I can be open and honest, as a politician should be, about the political support I just sold in exchange for a lobbyist’s generosity.”

When asked by members of the press for a response to Rep. Berg’s earlier remarks, Rep. Wilson guffawed. “Berg?” he said. “He’s just mad because his constituency consists of like 17 low-income farmers who can’t afford to bribe him!”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80298,"WASHINGTON– According to a Pew Research poll released this morning, a majority of likely voters say Mitt Romney is the kind of likeable guy you just want to sit down and have a bee—well, he’s Mormon so he doesn’t drink, but they sure would like to have a Yoo-Hoo with him. “I’d just love to […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82631,"Appearing on CNN, Rep. Adam Kinzinger (R-IL) took offense at a statement issued by CEO of Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains, Vicki Cowart – who said that the clinic might have been targeted by an extremist – and stated that he would be expecting an apology if she was proved wrong.

Before police apprehended Robert Lewis Dear – who killed three and wounded nine at the women’s health clinic in Colorado – Cowart, released a statement saying, in part: “We don’t yet know the full circumstances and motives behind this criminal action, and we don’t yet know if Planned Parenthood was in fact the target of this attack. We share the concerns of many Americans that extremists are creating a poisonous environment that feeds domestic terrorism in this country. We will never back away from providing care in a safe, supportive environment that millions of people rely on and trust.”

However, Kinzinger felt offended by Cowart’s statement and immediately said, “Wait just a minute, hold on here. Why are we automatically assuming that this man is an extremist, a terrorist? I can understand why the majority of Americans would feel the urge to do that considering the current political situation in the world, but there is a more important question we need to be asking here: Was this man, perhaps, sent by God to punish Planned Parenthood for their sins?”

The GOP lawmaker was referring to the accusations that have arisen several months ago that Planned Parenthood was selling off aborted fetus parts. The public reacted explosively to the heavily edited videos showing what appeared to be organization employees negotiating the sale of aborted baby organs and body parts.

“And you know something? If it turns out that the man who is shooting up the Colorado clinic right now was actually sent by God directly to act as the blade of righteousness, I expect a public apology from Planned Parenthood. We’re in a bad situation already when it comes to civil liberties, the racial issue and a number of other social factors, and we don’t need prominent public figures adding gasoline to the fire,” the GOP lawmaker concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80804,"It’s not so bad to deport children to what was until recently the murder capital of the world, Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) said recently, since Honduras is “a beautiful country” with “gorgeous resort zones.” More than 200,000 unaccompanied minors or mothers traveling with their children have fled to the United States from the Central American countries of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador over the last two years, with many of them asking for asylum or other humanitarian relief.

All three countries are plagued by out-of-control gang violence and inadequate criminal justice systems. El Salvador and Guatemala are both still recovering from civil wars that ended in the 1990s, while Honduras suffered a coup in 2009. But the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs chairman said he saw on a recent three-day trip to Honduras and Guatemala that the implication that deporting children there is “sending them into a war zone” is incorrect.

“I honestly don’t know who comes up with these allegations,” Johnson stated. “I mean sure, Honduras, as well as both Guatemala and El Salvador, does have its fair share of problems with organized crime, drug trafficking and murder rates, but that doesn’t mean that it represents a bad place to live and raise a family. Heck, if I weren’t a politician with an important job, I’d move to Honduras permanently.”

He also added that deporting children and their mothers to Honduras is “an act of mercy and protection,” seeing how “many American cities have higher crime and murder rates” than the three aforementioned countries.

“I mean, come on people, Detroit has a higher crime rate than Honduras. What does that tell you? I have nothing against helping those in trouble and offering them a better and safer life, but if we let all those people into the country and then allow them to settle in, say, Detroit, we’ll be condemning them to an early death by the hands of criminals. That’s why deporting them back to their own countries is an act of mercy and protection, not an act of racism and refusal,” he also said.

“But, we’ll fix the crime problem in Detroit and many other American cities soon,” Johnson added. “And then I’ll go down and bring all those people back here myself. That’s how much I care about them.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81260,"Conservative radio host Laura Ingraham on Tuesday said that the Obama administration “empowers men who want to abuse women” by complying with a court order to allow over-the-counter emergency contraception sales to women and girls of any age. “It’s a good deal for pedophiles, a good deal for…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80188,"TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Former Florida Congressman Allen West has had a difficult time finding employment after losing a hotly-contested congressional race earlier this month. But the former marine says he’s excited to try out his trademark brand of reckless conservatism in the public sector.

According to network insiders, Comedy Central considered approaching West for a pilot, but the network could not determine if West’s ranting about communist homosexuals was genuine or satirical.

“At first we thought Allen West was a comedic genius; something in the vein of Tim and Eric,” explained Head of Development Sheena Forsyth. “A black ultraconservative who’s racist against black people? As a character, it’s amazing social commentary. But when you realize Allen’s serious, it becomes a lot less funny.”

West assumed he would have a spot at Fox News after his tenure in office, but the conservative cable monolith believed West to be too unstable for live television.

West was able to briefly secure a job as a dog walker, but was fired after verbally accosting a French Bulldog for being a European socialist, hell-bent on raising taxes.

“Everyone was screaming ‘It’s just a dog!’” said West, “but I don’t see how that’s any excuse.”

West has posted an ad on the Washington, D.C. Craigslist for any employers seeking “a red-blooded American patriot.” Under the special skills section of his resume, West lists “screaming, emotional ranting, liberal-bashing, conspiracy theories, and bemoaning the state of America.” West does clarify, however, that he will not engage in “rational dialogue” or “any gay stuff.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82624,"Washington, D.C. – Donald Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, says Trump’s position on building a wall between the United States and Mexico is firm – despite evidence to the contrary. Trump has insisted that he will build a “great, great wall” and that he will get Mexico to pay for it. But when the candidate […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80585,"San Diego, CA – As hundreds of protesters outside his rally in San Diego on Friday afternoon chanted obscenities, waved Mexican flags and clashed with police, Donald Trump reveled on stage in the drama his candidacy has created. The Republican Party’s presumptive presidential nominee gave a fiery speech in San Diego and sought to leverage the power of his pulpit to shame one of the city’s federal judges, Gonzalo Curiel, who is hearing a class-action lawsuit against Trump University.

“I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again – they can’t touch me,” the real estate mogul smiled throughout his speech. “If they think that a poor, little lawsuit can make me jump in my seat and start worrying, they’ve got another thing coming. Because, let me tell you – I’ve had my fair share of lawsuits over the years and I’ve laughed in the face of each and every one of them. In fact, I’ve been through so many court dates and hearings that I could write a book about it. Wait a minute, that’s not a bad idea. ‘The Trump Court Chronicles’ could be the name. Be on the lookout for that, folks.”

The billionaire businessman added, “I’ll tell you what judge Curiel is thinking, apart from the fact that he’s a Trump hater. He’s also a distributor of Mexicanism who wants to allow Mexicans to overrun San Diego, and then California. He thinks that if he allows his fellow illegal immigrants to attack a pristine educational institution such as Trump University, that that will lead to people thinking the place is no good for their kids, which will ultimately lead to the university shutting down. And mind you, he’s already a federal judge. So, he’s pretty high up in the chain of power. Which means that he only wants other Mexicans to follow in his footsteps, and that means no white Americans whatsoever.”

“He and other Mexicanism distributors get their kicks by suing educational institutions like Trump University, because they don’t want to allow their kids to be assimilated into American culture. They want their kids to keep their Mexican identity, which, as you all know, is only good for lying and manual labor. Essentially, they’re trying to destroy America by striking at the very core of our culture, which is based on assimilating immigrants into another way of life, a better way of life. And when you take that away, what’s left? Nothing, no country at all. And they’re half way there already,” Trump blasted away.

“But, don’t take my word for it – instead, take a look at what’s going on outside this building right now,” he added. “They’re screaming and fighting to get in here because they know I’m onto them, I’ve figured out what their plan is. And that’s why I won’t let anything stop me from becoming President of the United States. I mean, the one we’ve got now sucks pretty bad, right?” he added, causing heaps of whistles and laughs, complete with an applause.

“He’s off in Japan, in Hiroshima right now apologizing for the fact that we nuked the hell out of those Hitler collaborators back in 1945. Do you really think that’s something we should apologize for? It’s like stopping a woman from being raped and then apologizing to the rapist for doing it. At the rate he’s going, Obama’s going to be back here in a couple of days, apologizing to the Mexicans for this speech. Who’s next on his list, Putin?” Trump fired away causing increasingly louder screams of approval from the audience.

“But I’m not apologizing to anyone for doing what I do. I wouldn’t be a billionaire if I was a nice guy. So, tough love is necessary, now more than ever. And I know there are honest, hard-working, God-fearing and America-loving Mexicans in the crowd here as well. I’m sorry you have to put up with this guys, I hate to see things this way. But, you must have come to this country legally, or else you’d probably be outside with the rest of them,” the reality TV star concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80253,"SPARKS, Nev.— The National Rifle Association responded to yesterday’s deadly Nevada school shooting by suggesting that schools allow “a select group of trustworthy students” to carry firearms.

A 13-year-old student at Sparks Middle School opened fire on the school’s campus just before the starting bell Monday, wounding two boys and killing a teacher, police said. The boy then shot himself dead with the semi-automatic handgun, which belonged to his parents.

Asa Hutchinson, director of the NRA’s National School Shield task force, told MSNBC’s Chris Jansing that the shooting “could have be averted had certain students been empowered to stop it.”

“Anybody that’s been to school knows that teachers can’t be in all places all at all times,” said Hutchinson. “There were reportedly 20 or 30 students that witnessed the shooting. Once the teacher was killed, they were all powerless to stop it.”

Hutchinson was referring to Michael Landsberry, the 45-year-old math teacher and former Marine who was shot and killed when he told the student to put the gun down.

“This is another case where a gun in the hands of the right person could have prevented another tragedy. Even a former Marine can’t stop a child when the child is brandishing a gun,” stated Hutchinson.

Hutchinson said The National School Shield, which the NRA created in response to last December’s mass school shooting in Newtown, Conn., would “begin exploring options that would allow certain students to carry firearms in our nation’s schools.”

“What we need is firearm passes for our best students—class presidents and honor roll-type kids that can stand up for their school and their community by providing backup to teachers.”

Federal law prohibits the possession of a handgun or handgun ammunition by any person under the age of 18, but Hutchinson pointed out that there is no minimum age for long gun possession. “We’re not talking about pistols in backpacks, of course, but many students already have hunting rifles and other arms at home that could be placed around the school in secure areas, much like fire extinguishers.”

Nevada Superintendent of Public Instruction Dale Erquiaga joined Hutchinson and Jansing on air, and said that although many school boards have weighed the option of arming teachers and administrators, the state would not support the NRA’s plan to arm students.

“Most schools don’t even allow students to have cell phones in class. There’s no way they’re going to let them carry guns,” declared Erquiaga.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82615,"Another Republican lawmaker suggested women and girls are unlikely to become pregnant from rape or incest. Idaho State Rep. Pete Nielson (R-Mountain Home) spoke up during a legislative hearing Thursday to decide whether abortion providers should be required to give patients a list of facilities that offer free ultrasounds, reported The Spokesman-Review. Nielson expressed his doubts that post-rape pregnancies were medically possible.

“Now, I’m of the understanding that in many cases of rape it does not involve any pregnancy because of the trauma of the incident,” Nielson said. “Therefore, it is a logical conclusion that any woman who got pregnant after such a despicable and gruesome act must have, in fact, enjoyed it even on a small scale, which eventually led to the obvious consequences. Now, I don’t have a problem with women who make a mistake and then regret it, but I do mind when people let something happen, pretend that it’s disgusting, and then it turns out they lied.”

Nielson also added that “biology and Mother Nature aren’t stupid,” and that “there’s a reason why the human organism is made up of both the physical and the spiritual.” “When you have something else – let’s take the opposite for example – when you have a person who finds out they have cancer, and if that person falls into desperation and refuses chemotherapy and chooses to die, that’s exactly what happens eventually. But if that person overcomes the initial shock and decides to fight the disease with everything they’ve got, we have many recorded cases of people beating cancer simply by living a happier and healthier life. And that proves the power that one’s thoughts have over the body, the physical aspect.”

“It’s the same with pregnancy,” he also opined. “You have couples that have been trying to have a baby for years, and have been unsuccessful, despite the fact that they’re both perfectly healthy and fertile. That also proves the fact that the brain is where it all starts and that the brain and our emotions affect our bodies. So, when a woman gets raped, if she experiences that as a trauma, she doesn’t get pregnant. And you can say what you want, but when she does get pregnant after such a crime, that undoubtedly means that she liked it at some point, regardless of how strange or unbelievable that sounds. Medicine and biology don’t lie. They just don’t.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79921,"On his radio program recently, Bryan Fischer once again made his case that America’s immigration policy ought to require all immigrants to convert to Christianity and adopt Christian morals, holidays and heroes. “Strangers are welcome here in the United States under one condition,” he explained, “that they be willing to assimilate completely into American culture. That they be willing to adopt our God, that they be willing to adopt our Judeo-Christian heritage…adopt our Christian holidays…don’t expect us to make room for your holidays.”

“We will expect you to adopt our Christian moral values,” he continued. “No place, no room for Sharia law in the United States. You’ll be welcome here, we’ll open our arms to you, we’ll open our hearts to you, we’ll open our communities to you, but we will expect you to adopt our cultural and Christian moral standards. We will expect you to adopt our Christian heroes and we will expect you to adopt our Christian history.”

However, the radio host does not seem to be as welcoming and forthcoming to Mexican immigrants as he is to ones fleeing war-torn Syria. “On the other hand, I do not see a reason why illegal aliens from Mexico should be allowed to stay in this country. They are already Christian and we have no quarrel with them in that issue. Converting Muslims into Christianity is fun, messing around with other Christians, not so much.”

“In fact, we ought to deport every last Mexican immigrant back to their country in order to make room for the oncoming Middle Eastern refugees. We are a big country and all, but I don’t think we should risk overpopulating America. And seeing how we are a country where Christianity is the predominant religion, we have a part to play in the ever-changing world order. That part is the part of a Christian missionary that aims to convert all non-believers into Disciples of Christ,” Fischer opined.

He added: “Mexicans are already Christian, they’re born that way and in that respect they’re similar to us. But, like I said, that’s no fun. But converting Muslims? Oh, that’s a joyous occasion. My favorite part is when they get baptized. It’s like their dark skin color suddenly washes away and they shed the filth of Islam from their bodies. The Christ does light up the human soul and body, without a doubt.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80860,"NEW YORK — To avoid another annoying fair hike, the severely indebted Metropolitan Transit Authority announced that beginning March 1st all employees will be expected to start panhandling.

Surprised that after the third fair raise since 2008 commuter traffic has decreased, the MTA explained that panhandling was the only logical alternative.

“I’m honestly surprised we didn’t do this a lot sooner,” MTA director Jen Weng commented. “Additionally, many of our employees have dreams and talents which have gone unrecognized. This is their chance to show off.”

Sources confirm that former 4 Line conductor Ashley Williams, a one time American Idol contestant, is expected to be a big hit. While many employees have expressed skepticism of their new panhandling responsibilities, the relaxation in dress code and personal hygiene has been welcomed by all.

“When they announced a special work meeting for Latino employees, I thought I was gonna lose my job,” says MTA employee Eduardo Socarras. “But then they started asking me about my musical background…” Now Socarras and two other MTA employees are preparing to pose as cousins and perform mariachi on the 7 Line daily, a change which Socarras says, “will not be so bad.”

To aid employees in their new roles, the official MTA uniform is also scheduled to undergo some changes. New accessories including a baseball cap, Styrofoam cup, and a pre-owned brown paper bag, will be added to facilitate collections. Talentless employees will also be permitted to bring family members to help them work, especially if they are children, elderly or handicapped.

While hopes are high for the Panhandling Program, MTA officials have assured commuters that they have not put all their eggs in one basket. Should the Panhandling Program fail in bridging the current 900 million dollar budget gap, a contingency “Pickpocket Program” is slated for introduction in 2014.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81102,"WASHINGTON — Even though the election is over and President Obama was re-elected on November 6, sources close to the former Massachusetts governor say Mitt Romney has continued to campaign across the country.

“Mitt has been running for this job for 6 years, basically,” the source said. “When the results came in on Election Night announcing that he’d lost, Mitt fell into a deep state of denial. He just decided that the results were wrong and that he could still change them.”

The source attributed Romney’s denial to the constant crowds, attention and adulation that had been a constant part of the candidate’s life for the past couple years.

“The day after the election, Romney lost his Secret Service protection, his security clearance, phone calls from influence peddlers, the whole lot,” said Romney advisor Matt Beauchamp. “He went home and checked his answering machine and he had zero messages.”

“He couldn’t handle it. When John McCain lost in 2008, at least he was still a senator,” says clinical psychiatrist and GOP consultant Dr. Jane Meadows. “He had a job to go back to, and he could still hang around with Washington power players. Romney has nothing to do except check his stock portfolio in the Cayman Islands.”

Dr. Meadows suggests Romney’s denial is a self-defense mechanism by his subconscious. “For his entire adult life, Mitt’s been able to tell people with less power than him what to do, whether it was firing someone or getting them to give him money so he could bankrupt their company. His mind truly can’t comprehend that ‘the little people’ defied him.”

That’s when Romney decided to go back on the campaign trail. He’s rented planes and crews to set up rallies around the country where the defeated candidate delivers stump speeches to whomever will listen.

“His rallies still attract some people,” says Beauchamp, “But they’re mostly morbidly curious to see a broken man talk to a mannequin he calls ‘Paul.’”

And there is one other difference to Romney’s strategy since losing the election. Romney avoids campaigning in the swing states. “If he never sees Ohio again, it’ll be too soon,” confided an intern.

Romney’s wife, Ann, says she supports her husband’s continued campaigning. “Sure I’m worried about his psychological well-being. But it’s much better than Mitt hanging around the house muttering ‘I could’a been a president.’”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81393,"LOS ANGELES – A recent study by the Culture and Media Institute—a division of the Media Research Center—analyzing TV’s influence on American society and specifically focused on the positive correlation between TV serial killers and brutal violence in America, notes a 35-percent surge in serial-killer-based shows in the last year. But according to Jack Meyers, one of the institute’s researchers, “Our published findings are disheartening enough, but they pale in comparison to what our research has revealed about one violence-inducing show in particular: The Big Bang Theory.”

Meyers revealed some of this unpublished information, which includes evidence of a 43-percent surge in child bullying since the The Big Bang Theory first aired. “Children see the show and suddenly they have to be a nerd,” Meyers said. “More nerds equals more bullying. It’s a real problem.”

Jane Dipple, a single mother who led a “Cancel Big Bang” petition last year, isn’t the least bit surprised by the recent revelation. “I’m glad people are finally hearing about this show’s effect on my son. Wedgies, toilet dunks, you name it,” said Dipple of the bullying her son has experienced since his first and only viewing of The Big Bang Theory. “Suddenly he was into math and science, reading books. He even thought it was cool to wear glasses. He became prime bully fodder. This kid thinks titty-twister bruises are some kind of badge of honor.”

An unnamed CBS executive scoffed at the notion that its Emmy-winning show is to blame for this surge in bullying. “At what point do these people take responsibility for their own actions? Are we suddenly contributing to obesity because we air ‘Mike and Molly’?”

While the network denies that TV wields a significant influence on society, the facts suggest otherwise. In addition to the Culture and Media Institute’s findings on TV-inspired violence, a poll conducted by The Hollywood Reporter revealed that of the audiences for Modern Family and Glee, 27 percent were more sympathetic toward gay marriage after they watched the respective shows.

“It’s a TV world and we’re just living in it,” Dipple said. “The proof is in the pudding.”

Dipple understands that it will require an uphill battle to change the status quo. “The networks won’t budge with all this power. Maybe, I don’t know, one of the show’s cast members has to make a public stand, like the guy from that other CBS show did,” Dipple said, referring to Mandy Patinkin, a former cast member of Criminal Minds, one of CBS’s 37 police procedurals. Patinkin described the program’s violent content as “disturbing to my soul” and left the show, only to land on Homeland, a show about bloodthirsty international terrorists.

“But I’m not holding my breath,” Dipple continued. “Maybe I just have to hope my son goes back to watching ‘Jersey Shore’ re-runs and being cool and stupid as shit again.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81341,"PALO ALTO, Calif. — Web giant Google announced today that it will relocate its Washington, D.C. offices to just a few blocks from the U.S. Capitol in order to monitor the activities of the U.S. government.

“We don’t need to get caught up in whether Google knew that the government was using its customer’s data,” said Google CEO Larry Page. “I mean…we did. But we’re trying to make amends. So in order to win back the faith of our customers, we at Google want to give the public the opportunity to do to the government what the government has already granted itself the right to do to the public: spy on them in real time.”

“This is bullshit,” wrote Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) in a Gchat conversation with her husband. “Edward Snowden is a traitor and so is Larry Page. H8 them so much right now.”

“Personally, I don’t give a fuck if they can hear me,” said Texas Gov. Rick Perry in a video Gchat with his mistress. “I always say whatever the hell I want anyway.”

Just as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court has significantly expanded what private data the government may legally obtain in the name of foreign intelligence and terrorism prevention, Google plans to expand the type of data that the public may access in the name of getting even.

In addition to making government documents, emails, chats, videos and search histories publically available, Google will use its new office location to install wiretaps and cameras throughout Capitol Hill. The information gained from this surveillance will be available through a new feature called Ghill, which Page describes as “like an exaggerated version of GoogleEarth.”

Page was hesitant to discuss whether Google’s move to Capitol Hill was also an effort to increase its lobbying presence. The corporation closely monitors patent law in order to curb the number of lawsuits filed against it by patent owners.

“Look, obviously what we do has always involved a little bit of privacy invasion and copyright infringement,” relented Page. “I mean, we own your emails. And we let the government read them. But now you can read theirs too, so don’t worry about our lobbyists, okay? Jesus Christ, there’s no pleasing some people.”

Though some customers are still leery of the scope of Google’s reach, public support for its new program has been overwhelmingly positive.

“Google’s corporate motto is ‘Don’t be evil,’ and we’re trying to live up that,” said Page. “Ball’s in your court, Obama.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80318,"In an interview with WorldNetDaily news editor Garth Kant published recently, former GOP congresswoman Michelle Bachmann and blogger Cheri Berens pushed the new right-wing conspiracy that last weekend’s massive Women’s March on Washington was part of a larger plot by radical Islamists to bring America down. Berens claimed that the Muslim Brotherhood moved “to co-opt the media” and “organize and promote” the women’s march, adding that radical Islamists “want American women to have abortions” in order to help America’s Muslim population grow. Bachmann, for her part, said that “Black Lives Matters, the gay agenda, as well as Islamic supremacism, all seek domination over American freedoms,” and have decided to “work together” to “realize the fall of individual liberties.”

“There is masterful trickery at work here and the dangerous thing is, most people don’t seem to notice it,” Bachmann argued. “It’s like the Bible says, the greatest trick of the Devil was to convince mankind that he doesn’t exist. It’s exactly the same with the conspiracy to poison and decimate the white, Christian population of America. We need to wake up and smell the coffee because we are being systematically eradicated and we’re too blind to notice it. Everything is constantly being sugarcoated, from the news to the real life events that are taking place in the streets. The American woman as a staple of our society is being ridiculed, mocked and put down. They have struck at the very core of the traditional American family because they know that’s where our greatest strength lies.”

She continued, “we’re being shifted from an individual liberty-supporting, multicultural society the likes of which does not exist anywhere else to a liberty-oppressing, Islam-condoning Mecca of debauchery, sin and destruction. And it’s all because of these pro-sexuals, these abominations that seek to control America and everything that’s good about it. And that’s not even the worst part. What’s even more dangerous is the fact that they are actually promoting this attitude towards life that tells everybody they are free to indulge in whatever it is they see fit and desirable. And that’s the core of the problem plaguing America today – we’ve gotten to a point where people just have too much liberty. They have so much of it they don’t know what to do with it, so they’ve started trading it off for simple pleasures of the flesh.”

“And that’s exactly the point in which everything goes south, because as freedom-supporting as our society is and historically has been, at the end of the day, I think most of us are aware that that freedom is just an illusion. What I’m trying to say is, we brought this upon ourselves with our hippie movement and free love and experimenting with drugs and choosing to promote individual liberties over collective ones and so on. Basically, our parents are to blame for what we’re going through today. They are to blame for the fact that the America of today is swarming with extreme people who are going around saying that zoophilia and necrophilia are okay because someone is just born that way. It’s time to come clean: we’ve loosened the noose way too much around some people’s necks. And the only way to keep them in check and save what is left to be saved is to tighten it back to where it was,” Bachmann opined.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80996,"OBERHALBSTEIN ALPS, Switzerland — Your Facebook friend who has been relentlessly posting obnoxious pictures of their never-ending backpacking tour through Europe thankfully died in a rare, isolated avalanche near the Splügen Pass yesterday, according to Reuters.

The victim, with whom you shared a few classes in college and who was barely an acquaintance, has been polluting your news feed for years with vivid, scenic photographs of Prague, Madrid, and Munich, as well as a bevy of charming European villages you have never been to and probably will never see.

News of the 25-year-olds’ fatality was greeted with unanimous online relief. “I was so sick of reading about which quaint Bavarian hostel this guy was staying in next,” said mutual Facebook friend Tim Swooper. “I mean, what the fuck? The last vacation I had was to Montreal with my parents in senior year of high school.”

“Drinks with the locals!” reads one particularly nauseating post, which finds your friend overcoming a steep language barrier but nonetheless enjoying himself with working-class Hungarians in Budapest. Similar updates include snapshots of mouth-watering Portuguese caldo verde, stunning sunsets in the South of France, and free-range donkeys roaming the hills of Sicily.

The caption, “Just left Crete, sailing through the Meddi,” accompanies a photograph of pristine, sapphire-blue water, leaving you to assume that he is perched in the crow’s nest of some awesome rustic Greek fishing boat, inhaling culture.

But you will be relieved to know that a dynamite blast in a Swiss mineshaft along the Italian border encouraged a sudden glacial barrage, which caught your friend by surprise as he posed for an Instagram photo near Piz Miez. He was killed instantly.

The jealousy you have harbored, as well as the incredulity over how this asshole could literally afford to live a perpetual vacation despite only interning for one summer at MTV, will be assuaged now that forces of nature have chosen to punish his irrepressible zest for life. You are still alive, even if it means you have not run with the bulls in Pamplona like some lunatic.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80242,"In recent days, Donald Trump has been airing a new complaint: Ted Cruz is getting in on his wall game. “People are picking up all of my ideas, including Ted, who started talking about building a wall two days ago,” Trump told POLITICO on Tuesday. “The fact is, they won’t get it built, they don’t know how to do the job and they won’t get Mexico to pay for it.” In a TV interview on Sunday, he also said, “I was watching the other day. And I was watching Ted talk. And he said, ‘We will build a wall.’ The first time I’ve ever heard him say it. And my wife, who was sitting next to me, said, ‘Oh, look. He’s copying what you’ve been saying for a long period of time.’”

“And it doesn’t really make any sense,” the real estate mogul added. “I mean, isn’t it a politician’s job to be creative? Don’t politicians have to constantly think of new ways of solving problems? I think they do. But here, here you’ve got a situation where everybody’s copying what I’ve said first, and they’re making it look like it was their idea. Actually, scratch that. I’m going to call it like it is – they are stealing from me, they are stealing my ideas and Ted Cruz is insane if he thinks he’s going to get away with it.”

Trump went on to say that “the only solution for these kinds of people is more walls. I said I’d build a wall on our southern border to keep illegal immigrants out, well now I’m thinking we need another wall. A wall that encircles Cuba completely, and prevents people like Rafael Cruz and Ted Cruz from coming to America and stealing my ideas. The whole wall thing is my intellectual property, it was my brainchild and I will sue anybody who tries to take that from me for everything they’ve got. And trust me when I say, it is not a good idea to go to court against me.”

“And another thing,” the media magnate continued. “I know everything there is to know about building a wall, the engineering behind it. Cruz, on the other hand, hasn’t got a clue. Whether it was Harvard, Princeton or whatever fancy school he went to, I can guarantee he didn’t learn anything about building a wall there. But, since he’s Cuban, I’m thinking he knows how to do manual labor. I mean, Cubans are great at that, because they can’t do anything else. So, when I’m president and the whole wall thing gets real, I might hire him to dig the foundation or mix the cement or something. It’s not a great job, but at least it’ll keep him from embarrassing himself on national TV, pretending to be a politician. I know it’s probably not much, but I try to help out whenever I can and in any way I can.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81418,"WASHINGTON — US Secretary of Education Arne Duncan addressed an empty classroom of what would have been shocked students on Wednesday afternoon to announce that, “in light of the sequester and bipartisan calls for decreased spending, public schools across the nation will be forced to eliminate students from the budget.”

“The truth is, we need to cut spending.” Duncan lectured, “We looked at the numbers, and the single most expensive cost schools face is, in fact, students.” Under the new plan, 7.8% of public school students will be ‘honorably expelled’ from their respective school systems – about 3.5 million students total.

Prior to the decision to save by eliminating pupils, the nation’s school systems were preparing to deal with heavy sequester cuts that would hit three major areas: Title I funding for underprivileged and poor youth, special education programs nationwide (which would have seen their funding cut nearly in half), and Head Start early childhood education programs. This would have come with tens of thousands of teacher layoffs, and would invariably have targeted disabled children, minorities and lower class students while favoring wealthier districts.

“The genius of the Infinite Recess Plan, as we are calling it, is the fairness with which it distributes the cuts,” Duncan explained. “The millions of students who will see their educations abruptly ended will be chosen at random, coming from all classes, grade levels, demographics and regions of the country.”

Parents’ organizations and advocacy groups have already begun protesting the decision, and the fight promises to be a long one. School officials have tried to compromise with opponents at the state level, with some even offering to allow the eliminated students to still take part in standardized tests.

“The decision was not an easy one,” said Duncan. “We looked at all the options, and there’s just nowhere else to cut costs. Schools are already using antiquated technology, sharing damaged and outdated textbooks, holding classes in trailers, and depending on one school nurse to serve entire districts. The only thing left to get rid of is the kids themselves. Well, there’s also high school football, but parents would never accept that.”

Paul Ryan, a chief architect of the new education budget plan, has suggested that the kids who would have been students are all welcome to join the military. “Don’t worry,” he said, “there will always be plenty of funding there.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80953,"JERUSALEM — After getting flack for halting controversial settlement construction, only to restart it a day later, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu explained, “We don’t want to build on Palestinian land, but Lumber Liquidators was selling top-quality laminate floors for as little as 49 cents a foot—we had to construct something.

“I mean, have you seen how crowded Tel Aviv is? We would have built there, but there is no room,” the prime minister said. “ And we would have been absolutely insane not to take advantage of these crazy low prices, especially considering we got an extra 10 percent off for opening a Lumber Liquidators’ credit card.”

While the move has been condemned internationally, many world leaders say they understand the motivation. Said King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, “We hate to see the Zionists stealing more Palestinian land, but it is somewhat understandable. It is really Lumber Liquidators’ fault for having such absurdly low prices.”

North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un echoed the Saudi King’s empathic tone. “You think I want to build prison camps? You think I like constructing modern day gulags where people slave to death for the glory of their nation? You’re right, I do like it, but Lumber Liquidators’ spring Blow-out sale let me do it cheaply, which made it that much more enjoyable.”

Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas offered similar comments, remarking that “more settlement construction would further deter peace” and that “Lumber Liquidators must have very tight profit margins, so the fact that their customer service is so great is rather perplexing.”

Robert M. Lynch, CEO of Lumber Liquidators, said that he didn’t think it was appropriate to comment on sensitive political issues, but that if there was a peace summit, he would redo Camp David’s floors for 50 percent off.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81664,Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) says he’s got a stimulus package for the strippers of America. The former Republican presidential nominee is one of several senators supporting the COINS Act to replace the dollar bill with a dollar coin. They argue that the…,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80032,"Donald Trump on Wednesday said he is “absolutely” considering proposals to break up the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, which houses the judges who have blocked two of the president’s executive orders on immigration. “There are many people that want to break up the 9th Circuit. It’s outrageous,” Trump told the Washington Examiner in an interview Wednesday. The president also complained that “everybody immediately runs to the 9th Circuit” with challenges to his administration. “They know that’s like, semi-automatic,” Trump said. The president’s comment comes one day after a U.S. District Judge blocked Trump’s Executive Order blocking federal funding for sanctuary cities. Last month, two federal judges ruled against his order banning travel fro, six Middle Eastern countries.

“I don’t get what all the fuss is about, if we’re being completely honest,” the president argued. “You don’t get to overrule or veto something that the commander-in-chief decides needs doing, that’s not how the country works, that’s not how democracy works and that’s just not how America was designed to work. The courts, regardless of who’s in them or who the judges are, are under the president in the food chain, not the other way around. And yes, I do believe that’s how our forefathers imagined this great country of ours. Sure, the Constitution protects everybody who’s here and all that, but you know something? Democracy goes out the window when the very core of the country is at risk. And that’s what’s happening right now.”

“We’re being overrun, people, when are you going to recognize that? We need to protect what little true American values we have left before they’re replaced with things like sharia law and praying while facing Mecca,” Trump continued. “And in case you haven’t noticed, we get a few more of those people here every time some judge starts seeing himself as a knight in shining armor whose job it is to protect the poor Muslim refugees from the big, bad white president of America. Well, I’ve got news for you: that’s not how the game works, buddy. You’ve got it backwards. And the reason why all these puny judges get to do such a stupid and idiotic thing is because they have somewhere to go to and complain about their presumed problems and get it sorted within the hour. Newsflash – that’s about to change.”

“I am absolutely and very seriously considering breaking up the U.S. Court of Appeals, because it keeps misleading Americans into thinking they’re doing a good deed and protecting refugees. In reality, it allows more and more of them to sink their filthy claws into the purity and freedom that is America. I figure, if there’s no more 9th Circuit for the altruistically driven judges to run off to whenever I sign an order, I’ll have cut off the head of the proverbial snake. A snake I don’t hate, by the way; let’s be clear on that. I realize they think I’m the bad guy who’s trying to persecute innocent Muslims. In reality, they’re terribly misled and have it all backwards. That’s why they just need to go away before doing anymore damage to this country. They think they’re above the law; well, they’re not above mine,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80674,"SAINT PAUL, Minn. – The state House of Representatives of Minnesota voted 75-59 on Thursday in favor of a bill legalizing same-sex marriage out of hope that the bill would be seen as controversial and that the nation might take note that Minnesota is still a part of the union. “We’re really looking to up […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81396,"Eagle Forum founder and long-time strident anti-feminist Phyllis Schlafly told a conservative radio host last week that the Republican Party is making a terrible mistake targeting Latinos for outreach. Latinos, she said, in an interview excerpt posted…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80423,"U.S. President Donald Trump said he had a friendly phone call with Mexico’s president on Friday but asserted he will renegotiate trade deals and other aspects of the countries’ ties because Mexico has “beat us to a pulp” in the past. Mexico’s peso extended gains on news of the call. The two men spoke for about an hour on Friday, a day after President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a planned meeting in Washington next week over Trump’s insistence that Mexico pay for a multibillion-dollar border wall. “It was a very, very friendly call,” Trump told a joint news conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May.

Similarly, President Nieto conveyed a similar message in his interview with El Universal, the largest news agency in Mexico City. “I can tell you I am happy with what was said and what was agreed upon,” the president revealed. “I am convinced that we can have a friendly, respectful relationship with the United States as well as with President Trump.” Asked to elaborate on the topics mentioned during the hour-long telephone call, President Nieto said that he was not at liberty to disclose that, but did mention there was talk about the wall between the two countries, as well as a possible “deal” that might be struck in the future.

“I was very blunt and open with him, since I don’t believe him to be a man who cares much about pleasantries or protocol,” the Mexican president said. “I told him Mexico would agree to pay for the wall only under the condition that our country and the Mexican people be compensated for it in some other way. While we were talking, the though came to me that perhaps I could ask him to have his engineers design the wall so that it puts Texas in Mexican territory; in other words, to build the wall so that it excludes Texas from the United States. I though that would be fair, since we would be paying for the construction.”

He added, “I could tell he didn’t like the idea, but to be fair – he did say he would think about it. And if you think about it rationally, you’ll arrive at the conclusion that it’s a somewhat fair trade-off. Sure, on one hand our national budget would be nearly depleted, since the initial cost of construction is still only based on loose estimates. However, getting Texas back after all this time would be a huge victory for Mexico.”

“I have to add that I still haven’t figured out what we would do with the conservative, inbred rednecks that reside there at the moment, but I’m sure we’d be able to come to some sort of an arrangement. At the end of the day, we all know how huge a fan Donald Trump is of deporting people. Maybe he deserves a chance to have his campaign-long wish come true in the form of organizing the deportation of Texans to other U.S. states so that we can finally have our land back as empty and unspoiled as we left it,” Nieto concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80001,"NEW YORK — New York’s influential Cardinal Timothy Dolan said the Catholic Church is enlisting some outside help for its culture war on same-sex marriage.

In an interview with “Meet the Press” that aired Sunday, Dolan reiterated his stance on the divisive issue and claimed that the church has “been outmarketed.”

Dolan announced that the Archdiocese of New York would begin consulting with top Manhattan-based ad agency Merkin Strategies counter the growing support of same-sex marriage and “style the Church’s image and curb backlash on divisive issues like gay marriage and abortion.”

“When you have forces like Hollywood, when you have forces like politicians, when you have forces like some opinion-molders that are behind it, it’s a tough battle,” Dolan said of the Church’s same-sex marriage conflict.

Dolan said that the church would utilize “modern strategies to combat modern problems. “Our goal is to maintain our position against homosexuality and sin, but at the same time welcome all people into the church. Keep in mind, we believe in miracles, so that’s not as impossible as it sounds.”

“We’ve been caricatured as being anti-gay,” lamented Dolan. “We don’t want a caricature; the Church’s message should be like a lush oil-painting—anti-gay or not.”

Dolan told moderator David Gregory that the Church “often has difficulty promoting values that originate with God while at the same time maintaining a welcoming, Christ-like image.”

“We get backlash from those who think we are too gracious and compassionate and loving and accepting of gays, and then we get backlash from gay people who feel that we are not tolerant enough of them,” said Dolan.

The high-profile partnership with Merkin is another indicator of Catholic Church’s increasing reliance on outside firms to handle sensitive issues. In November, an office of the Vatican’s central bureaucracy hired accounting firm EY (formerly known as Ernst & Young) to audit the finances of the Vatican City State administration.

Dolan said that outside help from marketing and public relations experts would clarify the Church’s position on same-sex marriage, which has been murky ever since newly elected Pope Francis scolded Catholic leaders for being “obsessed” with issues like same-sex marriage and abortion.

“We can’t please everybody and God at the same time, but advertising doesn’t rival religion as the world’s largest industry for no reason,” said Dolan.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82604,"The $$15 minimum wage is going into effect in several cities starting today, and the panel at Fox Business’ Varney & Co. were simply horrified by it. Speaking from Bermuda, panelist John Layfield explained that there is no minimum wage in the country and it’s an economic paradise where children work for tips. “There actually […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81379,"NEW YORK – Sources close to Fox News President Roger Ailes say that a planned rearrangement of the network’s evening lineup will likely result in long-time host Sean Hannity losing his 9 p.m. time slot. Mr. Ailes has reportedly chosen recently acquitted murderer and social pariah George Zimmerman to replace Hannity, a pick that critics are calling “offensive, but not all that surprising.”

“Mr. Ailes thinks Zimmerman is the perfect replacement for Hannity,” one source told Newslo. “He appreciates all of Sean’s hard work over the years, especially his brilliant efforts to push an image of minorities as lazy and thuggish parasites, but Mr. Ailes believes its time to feature an anchor whose actions back up his words.”

“George Zimmerman is that man,” the source said.

Zimmerman—who is believed to be hiding out in Texas since his acquittal in the shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin—is reportedly “thrilled” to join the Fox News team. “This has been a dream of his since he was a little boy, sitting on his bearskin rug and watching The O’Reilly Report,” Zimmerman’s elder brother, Robert, recalled. “His entire worldview has been shaped by Fox News—so we think it’s only fitting that he finally join their ranks.”

The new 9 p.m. show—Zimmerman’s World—is currently in its production phase, but sources say that the format will follow that of Charlie Rose. “We’re going to focus on in-depth interviews,” a Fox executive producer said. “Watching guests squirm uncomfortably in George’s presence is going to be quality entertainment.”

Sean Hannity was unavailable for comment, but other Fox News anchors expressed approval of the decision to hire Zimmerman. Megyn Kelly—who was rumored to be Hannity’s replacement—said she thinks it’s a “wonderful pick,” and Neil Cavuto says he looks forward to running into Zimmerman in the bathroom, where they can “gossip about which members of the janitorial staff are illegal immigrants.”

Juan Williams—one of the few minority correspondents employed by Fox News—was less enthusiastic about Zimmerman’s hiring, however. Mr. Williams has reportedly burned all of his hoodies, and is telling anyone who’ll listen that he’s “Panamanian, not black.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80658,"President-elect Donald Trump will hold his last “Thank You” tour rally of 2016 in Mobile, Alabama at the Ladd-Peebles Stadium. The rally is expected to begin at 4PM ET. During the campaign, Trump held a rally at the same location that drew an estimated 30,000 gawkers. While this is the last rally for this year, there have been rumblings from the Trump camp that Trump may make rallies a regular feature of his presidency – where he can soak up the adulation of his followers.

And although such a move was to be expected on some level due to Trump’s evident narcissism, there has also been rumor that he’s planning on holding two additional “Thank You” rallies before New Year’s Eve, both of which in Washington, D.C., apparently. And what’s more surprising is the fact that one of them is allegedly scheduled outside the FBI headquarters, and the other one outside the Russian Embassy.

“What can I say, I’m not like some people who forget who’s really responsible for their success and then pretend like it was their own two hands that got them the results they wanted,” the President-elect told The Washington Post while preparing to go on stage in Mobile, AL. “It’s true, I’m planning on holding two more rallies, yes. I wanted to show my appreciation to both the FBI, which has been doing a terrific job, and to the Russian Embassy as well, for their support of my campaign. I’m told that the Russian people celebrated my election victory as if they were Americans, I was very glad to hear that.”

“And, you know, the least I could do was the presidential thing and send both of them a huge ‘Thank You,’ so that they know I haven’t forgotten what they’ve done for me,” Trump continued. “I am particularly grateful to President Putin, who I think is a true leader, there aren’t many of those left, well, in addition to myself, that is. And I hope that many, many Americans show up at the two additional rallies to show their support and gratitude to the FBI and the Russians alongside their new president.”

The billionaire businessman refused to comment on the dates and times of the two newly-planned rallies, but did comment on the fact that Hillary Clinton openly criticized both Russia and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which she said was “deeply broken.” “What can I say, I understand how she must be feeling, she’s probably devastated, I know she was saying a lot of bad things about me, she was going after my family and all that, but at the end of the day, Americans showed who they wanted leading them, so I get why she’s upset. She’s just looking for someone to blame and that’s normal, you know, that’s natural, especially for a woman, because they’re more fragile and sensitive and emotional than men, so I’m not upset at all.”

“I have to say, though, I’m kind of proud of the Russians, despite the fact that they hacked us and violated our defenses and all that,” the President-elect added. Asked to elaborate, he said, “Because, you know, I know that was a bad thing, the fact that we let ourselves get hacked, despite them having done it to help me win. But you gotta be fair, after all, the CIA did blow up Chernobyl back in ’86, so yeah, they kind of owed us. You know, they’re moving up in the world and I’m glad these things are happening altogether and I think they’re good, despite many Americans thinking they’re bad. It makes the whole rivalry thing more interesting,” Trump concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80587,"Ted Cruz claims Americans do not have the right to stimulate their own genitals. During his tenure as Texas solicitor general, a post he held from 2003 to 2008, Cruz defended a Texas ban on the sale of dildos and other sex toys, and in doing so made the claim that Americans have no right to masturbate. “There is no substantive-due-process right to stimulate one’s genitals for non-medical purposes unrelated to procreation or outside of an interpersonal relationship,” he said. Mother Jones reports that in 2007, Cruz filed a 76-page brief with the US Court of Appeals, arguing that there is “no right to promote dildos, vibrators and other obscene devices.”

Commenting on his failed case before the Court of Appeals, which was rejected by a 2-1 decision, Cruz continued with the same rhetoric, saying that “if we do not stop masturbation right now, we are all going to be judged by a court far more meaningful and terrifying than any earthly tribunal.”

“Masturbation is a sin, and we need to get that through our thick skulls, like, yesterday. But, what’s more devastating than the existence of masturbation is the fact that women tend to use different kinds of sexual aids in order to have orgasms. I mean, as if sex wasn’t enough. That is why every dildo out there should be considered the Devil’s own finger,” he argued.

The Ivy League-educated Republican presidential candidate also went on to say that “we have gotten to a point where a simple dildo, an obscene sex toy made from silicone, is more dangerous for our country than one of the most dangerous and threatening terrorist organizations in the world right now that is ISIS.”

“And what pains me even more is the fact that Americans are bringing this onto themselves, completely free from any outside influences or pressure. We have utterly surrendered ourselves to sin, and will be responsible for our nation’s downfall. Our women are mostly to blame, though the men aren’t completely free of responsibility either. At least ISIS is an outside, hostile organization; we’re used to those. But masturbation as a sin – that’s 100% on us,” he added.

“In fact,” Cruz also said, “where we sit now, we’d better take in as many refugees as we possibly can, because, let’s face it – they don’t masturbate. It’s just not in their culture. So, they might help to balance out the orgasm-addiction American women suffer from. You know, sort of counter out the effects. Or at least, you know, reduce them to a more reasonable amount.”

“Because at the rate we’re going now – and I have a statistic here that says every woman in America between the ages of 16 and 52 has 1.4 orgasms on average per day – we are looking at Armageddon before the election in November. Now that might not be significant to you, but it is very important for me. And I’m betting Donald Trump feels the same way.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82246,"Recently, NRA board member and musician Ted Nugent attacked President Obama for saying that NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick is “exercising his constitutional right” not to stand for the national anthem, calling it a sign of Obama’s racism. Nugent, who has threatened to kill Obama, referred to the president as a “chimpanzee” and “subhuman mongrel,” and claimed he’d be “dead or in jail” by 2013 if the president was re-elected, told radio host Joe Pags that Obama “is the biggest racist in America.” “No one is oppressed in America unless you choose to be oppressed,” he added.

“Let me just clarify on what we’re seeing here, and what we’ve been seeing in America since 2008,” Nugent loaded his guns while preparing to go on another rant. “We have this guy, right, who happens to be the president, and he spends most of his time regretting tragedies that have transpired because of ‘guns’ and the fact that people are allowed to protect themselves and their property by any means necessary. At the same time, he constantly screams about democratic values and how they’re not being respected in this country.”

“However, when a mediocre – and I mean that – when a mediocre football player insults millions of Americans and the country that gave him a shot at greatness by sitting down while the national anthem is being played, Obama changes his tune and says the Constitution grants such a ‘liberty.’ Well, excuse me, Mr. President, but I’ve read the Constitution several times and nowhere does it say that chimps get to invoke human rights. And by ‘chimp,’ I’m on this occasion referring primarily to the has-been quarterback. Now, therein lies a paradox. How does, in fact, a chimpanzee get to invoke human rights? I mean, that’d be like turkeys trying to invoke PETA or something during Thanksgiving,” Nugent fired away.

The Motor City Madman continued, “Look, at the end of the day, it’s very simple: Obama – any Democrat, for that matter – can’t be trusted. The man tells a lie and twists the truth the second he opens his mouth. Now, I’m no expert, but I’m pretty sure the Constitution of the United States doesn’t say anywhere that Americans are supposed to take orders from a chimpanzee, let alone allow applaud another one that won’t stand up during the playing of the Star Spangled Banner. So, as far as I’m concerned, our leadership structure looks more like the Jungle Book than it does a serious, political establishment, and our sports are more and more comprised of chimps, kangaroos and other animals than normal players.”

“I mean, our commander-in-chief publically supported the disrespecting of the national anthem, for Christ’s sake – how much more obvious does it have to get for people to realize he’s not a friend of the American people, let alone worthy of being called the president of the greatest country in the world? And the funny thing is, people laugh at me when I tell them that the Democrats are brainwashing the public through television and the Internet. Back in the 70’s, we’d already have millions of people on the streets of American cities, protesting against such acts of lunacy. But today I guess most of us have been permanently anesthetized. And if Hillary gets to replace Obama, we’ll just keep having more of the same thing. Just grab another beer and watch another pro football player wannabe make an idiot of himself,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81212,"WASHINGTON — A new piece of possible legislation drafted by former Representative Asa Hutchison and co-authored by Wayne LaPierre seeks to prevent future school shootings by arming the nation’s children. The “NRA National School Shield Initiative,” would, among other safety measures, place armed guards in all schools and offer principals an online test that would suggest security measures for their particular schools.

Among the other recommendations is an exam that would include a set of mental and physical tests to determine which elementary school students should be allowed to carry guns in school. The exam would be challenging enough to weed out the lesser children, yet tailored to each age group so as not to promote low self-esteem among some of the younger students seeking handgun licenses.

“The students themselves are really the first line of defense,” NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre said at a press conference.

He went on to say that the exam for students in grades one through five would be “extremely rigorous” and that only those who passed the test with a 97% and above would be given the right to bear arms in school.

“We’re not going to have handguns in every knapsack in every hallway—just those students who prove themselves,” added Hutchinson.

For example, the test for first graders wishing to carry a gun throughout the school day would include a rigorous timed block-building exercise, while third graders would be forced to prove their eligibility by performing long division.

Although Hutchinson has stated that he personally agrees with the President and those advocating for the expansion of mandatory background checks to private gun sellers, which are currently under no legal obligation to conduct background checks on customers, he said that this was not the focus of the school safety task force.

Yet a pre-screening process will ensure that students with backgrounds indicating possible mental instability will not be considered. “No students of divorced families will be allowed to take the test. We just can’t take that risk,” LaPierre said. “Unless they prove that they have adapted exceptionally well. For those children we believe might still deserve the right to carry a gun despite that they come from broken homes, we will put them in a room of bean bag chairs and make them watch The Lion King. If they cry when Mufasa dies, they will be allowed to move on in the examination process.”

When asked to comment on the NRA’s proposal, President Obama looked at the ground thoughtfully, shook his head, made to say something, and then proceeded shaking his head while looking at the ground.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80222,"SIOUX FALLS, S.D. — A group of South Dakota Native Americans are using this Columbus Day to do some colonizing of their own.

Members of the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation, a subtribe of the Great Sioux Nation, are celebrating Columbus Day by leaving the reservation to “discover and explore” the homes of strangers and declare them their own.

23 years ago, the South Dakota legislature unanimously passed legislation to change the state’s Columbus Day holiday to Native American Day, but many Oglala Sioux believe the change was made only to “assuage the white man’s guilt.”

“It’s nice to have a holiday and all, but I’d rather have my continent back,” said Ehawee, an Oglala Sioux high school student. “Besides, Thanksgiving is like a month away, and then it’s all about you guys again.”

Ehawee said that her family is one of hundreds of Oglala Sioux families who would use Monday’s Native American Day to go from home to home in Sioux Fall’s rich suburbs until they find one that they like. “Then the Oglala will make new homes. Maybe we’ll call our new land Canada,” said Ehawee’s father, Teetonka.

Teetonka admitted that taking over the homes of stranger’s could be dangerous, especially considering that South Dakota has the seventh-largest population of gun owners in the United States. “But who do you think owns half of those guns? That’s right. My people had to get with the times.”

Teetonka promised to use force “only if he doesn’t feel like negotiating” and said that he would “allow the home’s family to make new living arrangements in the back yard, or maybe in the basement, if they have one. That way they can still have a place to live.”

Bernie Shot With Arrow, a Tribal Council Representative from the Pine Ridge Reservation’s Medicine Root District, said he plans to “let it all go” when his family finds their new home. “Once we kick everybody out, I’m going to kick my shoes off, put my feet up on the couch, and live out my days like a white man.”

“We’re bringing our own blankets, though, just to be safe,” added Shot With Arrow.

Sioux Falls Chief of Police Doug Barthel said authorities are aware of “rumors about the Oglagla Sioux’s plan to invade homes,” but was adamant that locals need not feel threatened. “We’re under the impression that this is all just some sort of PR stunt, but just in case it’s not, the overwhelming number of good white people that live in the area should be enough to stamp out any threat of the native peoples.”

When asked if he was prepared to be arrested for trespassing and possible assault, Shot With Arrow answered firmly that he is “not afraid.”

“In fact, we’ll invite them in for a feast and see if things shake out differently this time.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81345,"WASHINGTON — The most likely candidates to be the next Federal Reserve chair are Larry Summers and some chick with nearly 20 years of Fed experience.

The girl – Janet Yellen – appeared to be the leading candidate until last week, when prominent economist Larry Summers emerged as the new frontrunner.

“I’m not surprised,” said former Clinton Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, who is a close friend of Summers. “I mean, does this Janet lady even have any relevant experience?”

When informed that she is the current Fed vice-chair, Rubin chuckled to himself.

“How about that?” he said.

Although this random biddy has more central banking experience than Summers, her critics have argued that she is too “soft-spoken” and “passive” to be the next Fed chair. In contrast, her critics have described Summers as “robust,” “boisterous” and “potent.”

“There is definitely a ‘whispering campaign’ of sexist remarks,” cried a hysterical Christina Romer, former chair of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Obama. “You can deride her as ‘passive’ all you want, but the fact is that she has more Washington and Fed experience than Ben Bernanke did when he was appointed as Fed chair.”

Janet’s harpies have also complained that much of Summers’s support comes from his membership in an elite group of men who worked under Rubin in the Clinton administration, and have dominated Democratic economic policy-making circles since. These self-titled “Rubin Dudes” are as famous for their matching tattoos as they are for making women who work alongside them feel so excluded that they quit their jobs.

“Oh, it’s definitely a ‘bros before hos’ atmosphere,” said Laura Tyson, a former chair of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Clinton. “You can’t even imagine the dick jokes I had to put up with.”

Though Rubin declined to comment on his tattoo, he remained defensive of his main dude Summers.

“I think some of these crones are a bit touchy because Larry [Summers] said that thing about women being bad at math and science when he was president of Harvard,” said Rubin. “They’ll play that card as long as they can.”

“Rubin said that to you, huh?” said Sheila Bair, former director of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. “Well, you can tell him ‘Sheila The Bair’ said this: I support Yellen over Summers because of her policy record. She was a strong proponent of regulation well before 2008 and one of the first to warn of the crisis. Summers, on the other hand, pushed for the bank deregulation that caused the crisis. He’s also a paid consultant for Citigroup. Jesus, does anyone even remember why that’s a bad thing to have on your resume?”

When asked to respond to Sheila The Bair’s remarks, Rubin muttered something about the “Federal Reserve chairman.”

“As someone who helped to deregulate Wall Street, Summers is a poor candidate for such a chief economic position,” growled The Bair. “I don’t support Janet Yellen just because she would be the first female Fed chair in history, I support her because she schools Summers six ways to Sunday on policy. I mean Christ, what does a woman have to do to get this job? Wear a strap-on?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79821,"LOS ANGELES – Former actor and game show host Ben Stein said earlier this week that the main reason people are poor in America is because they want to be.

“My humble observation is that most long-term poverty is caused by self-sabotage by individuals,” he said. “Drug use. Drunkenness. Having children without a family structure. Gambling. Poor work habits. Disastrously unfortunate appearance.

“These are some of the elements of freedom available to those in poverty, and for some people it’s a fair trade-off,” he added.

The conservative commentator, known for his roles in films such as “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off” and “Ghostbusters II,” claimed that wealth inequality was a good thing, and anyone who says differently was simply jealous of billionaires. “[Billionaires] fund symphonies and ballets and schools for inner city kids,” he explained. “We want for there to be a high number of rich people who function as a brake on government just as the nobles did on the crown in long ago England.”

Stein, who also guest starred on episodes of “Charles in Charge” and “The Wonder Years” in addition to serving as a speechwriter for President Nixon, claimed that poor people had chosen to be poor so as to avoid having to work, and he lamented all the unwarranted media attention being given to those comfortably nestled within America’s safety net. “Yes, the government designates many tens of millions as poor, but they almost always have indoor plumbing,” he said. “They get food stamps. They get free medical care. They get vouchers for many of the needs of life.”

“With all that free stuff, who wouldn’t want to be poor?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81588,"NEW YORK – The streets of New York ran red with blood and society as we know it ceased to exist yesterday as New York City instituted its controversial new bike share program.

“Are we ready?” asked Mayor Mike Bloomberg at City Hall as he signaled the official start to the initiative, which allows people to rent a bike from numerous stations around the city for unlimited 30- to 45-minute rides. To the horror of onlookers, bike renters immediately set about causing death and destruction throughout the five boroughs, as non-bike riding citizens saw no reason to adhere to local laws or a millennia’s worth of societal norms.

On Clinton Street in Brooklyn Heights, Kaley Medea complained about the narrowing of the oft-traveled thoroughfare. “I know we already have a bike lane here, but now you’re telling me I might be mildly inconvenienced by more people possibly using it? While I’m driving in my car with my kids? What’s the point of living?” Medea then murdered and cannibalized her three children.

The pandemonium did not end there. Father Joe Estridios was deeply troubled by what he saw on a West Village street. “I was just minding my own business when I rounded a corner on Bank Street and saw a bike rack in the middle of the block – right in front of an apartment building. How are the residents of this high rise going to get out of a cab at the door of the building? What if they have to walk a few more feet one way or another?“

Returning to the orphanage he runs in the South Bronx on one of the last trains before the subway system shut down permanently, Estridios did “the only sensible thing to do in that situation”. He set fire to the orphanage, telling the children to flee to the streets and to take what they need to survive, because “no one will ever love [them] and there is no God.”

From his offices on Sixth Avenue, New York Post Editor Coll Allen watched the city burn below. “I tried to warn them,” said Allen, referring to the Post’s campaign of negative press in the run up to the program. “Even though a bike share system has been running in London and Boston with no issues, I knew it could never work here. Just because. Now look what hubris hath wrought.”

This is the biggest policy-related disaster for Bloomberg since his proposed soda ban threatened to limit the serving sizes of overly sugary drinks and bring Osama bin Laden back from the dead.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80946,"“Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, the Republican presidential candidate who believes that the gay “jihad” may soon lead to the imprisonment of pastors and the end of free speech, told a right-wing radio host on Wednesday that the legalization of same-sex marriage represents the greatest threat to religious liberty in the history of the United States.

““We are seeing today profound threats to religious liberty in America, I think the greatest threats we’ve ever seen,” Cruz told conservative author and talk radio host Eric Metaxas. Cruz also said that the fights over “religious freedom” laws in Arkansas and Indiana were “heartbreaking” examples of how the Democratic Party has “gotten so extreme and so radical in its devotion to mandatory gay marriage that they’ve decided there’s no room for the religious liberty protected under the First Amendment.”

“He added that while “Democrats joined with big business in vilifying an effort to protect our religious liberty,” too many Republican leaders and presidential candidates “ran and hid in the hills.” Cruz said: “We’re a nation that was founded by men and women who were fleeing religious oppression and coming to seek out a land where everyone of us could worship God Almighty with all of our hearts, minds and souls, and that is under profound jeopardy today.”

“The worst part is, this is just the beginning,” Cruz commented on the topic exclusively for Newslo. “Honest-to-God, normal, traditional Christians are on the verge of being extinct. I am proud to say that I am a member of the dying race, and I refuse to stand by and let the deviance and fornication prevail. What we need, what America and its people need, is decisive action and God’s righteous fury.”

He added: “If I win the presidency, one of the first things I plan to do is see to it that all the scientists who claim homosexuality is innate are out of a job. This has gone beyond a mere social problem – it’s a full scale epidemic and like all epidemics, what must be treated is the cause, not the consequence. If we change our perception of gays and same-sex marriage, we can finally begin the slow and painful road to recovery.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
40768,"Former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn plans to ignore the subpoena issued by the Senate Intelligence Committee and will cite his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination. Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr (R-NC) said last week that Flynn had not yet complied with the Senate’s subpoena, and added that he didn’t expect Flynn to agree to testify under oath. Flynn asked for immunity from the Senate in exchange for testifying, but so far the Senate has been unwilling to grant his request. Trump fired Flynn after it was revealed that he lied both publicly and privately to Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of his contacts with Russian government officials.

In an interview with portal KnowMyRepublican.com, Flynn argued that he has a constitutional right to plead the 5th as a citizen of this country and that he “darn well better have it,” especially since “many others who have committed crimes far worse than mine had the decency to stand in front of the Senate and lie their socks off.” “That’s one of the many things that makes it great to be an American – the law is the same for everybody, regardless of whether you’re rich of poor, unattractive or beautiful, black or white and so on. We all have the same obligations and the same duties that we need to perform in order to earn our place in this great land. On the other hand, we all have the same rights that prevent some of us from being discriminated compared to others. Even though that doesn’t always work like that in practice,” he said.

Asked to elaborate, Flynn argued that his right to plead the 5th was something he “earned” as opposed to “other people, who assume they have the right to do that just because they happen to be born in this country.” “I don’t need to tell you that I served my country in more ways than one; everybody knows my history and what I’ve been through. I have always taken great pride in the fact that I speak the truth regardless of the consequences. That is something that has been my thing, as young people would say, for a long time. Therefore, I don’t think I’m going too far out there when I say that every single right I have as a citizen of this country is a right I’ve earned with my actions,” he opined. “On the other hand, you have people like Hillary Clinton, who, in addition to being caught lying more than once, also happens to be a woman.”

“At the risk of sounding like a misogynist, the things that woman has done are so heinous that I’m almost ashamed to be called an American because of it. And not only that – she had the audacity after all of that to instruct her staff to plead the 5th for her. It was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever seen. Her plead was not only unconstitutional – it was flat our unnecessary because she meant to lie all along, like women always do. Whenever they do something wrong, they think they can get away with it just because they’re the fairer sex. It sickens me. What Hillary Clinton did was almost as bad as having a private email server, because she might as well spat on the Constitution of the United States of America. On the other hand – if someone like that is allowed to exercise their constitutional right after what she’s done, then what I’m about to do should be a walk in the park. What can I say – only in America,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79923,"A Republican Pennsylvania gubernatorial candidate said this week that global warming is caused by the Earth moving closer to the sun. NPR reports that Pennsylvania State Senator Scott Wagner on Tuesday gave a talk in favor of conducting natural gas drilling in state forests – and he justified his position by using a scientifically incorrect analysis of climate change. Specifically, Wagner said he wasn’t worried about carbon emissions leading to a warming planet because the change in the planet’s temperature was more likely caused by the Earth getting closer to the sun every year. “I haven’t been in a science class in a long time, but the earth moves closer to the sun every year – you know the rotation of the earth,” Wagner said. “We’re moving closer to the sun.”

Asked to elaborate on his incorrect claims during a subsequent interview with The Pennsylvania Herald, Wagner did the GOP thing and tried to blame it all on the “lefties who are trying to destroy America.” “You know, I kept warning both former president Obama personally and a number of his close colleagues, but my pleas continuously fell on deaf ears, unfortunately. I kept saying that we had to do something about that darn Greenpeace, about the institutionalized plague that is doing a great job at making sure America implodes from within. However, since Barack Obama was not only in cahoots with them, but an outright supporter and financier, it was a battle lost in advance,” Wagner revealed.

He continued, “So, now we’ve got a situation where Greenpeace and the liberals are actually the ones responsible for climate change, and at the same time, they’re going above and beyond to blame it on hard-working Americans and above all, the Republican Party.” Asked to explain how they’re doing it, Wagner said, “they built these huge magnets in Switzerland, these enormous underground magnets that harness solar energy, and that’s what’s actually attracting our planet closer to the sun with each rotation. And the best part is, they made sure not to do it too much at once; that way, we’re only experiencing a slow increase in global warming, as opposed to a giant leap in temperatures that could still happen if they suddenly decide to flip the switch all the way.”

“And before you ask me for any evidence, I’m going to say right away that I don’t have any. I don’t have it and nobody has it, because otherwise we’d have blown this whole thing wide open. That’s how much they hate America and that’s how much they want to enslave its people. Basically, the entire CERN Institute in Zurich, Switzerland acts as a housing for the magnets, and what you think is the so-called Large Hadron Collider is actually a series of magnets that serve to attract the earth closer to the sun, and as a result, we’re experiencing more and more global warming. And you know how they did it? It was all Albert Einstein’s design. The moment Greenpeace made the call to follow Einstein and his theories of doom instead of Tesla’s altruistic perpetuum mobile is the moment the human race signed its death sentence,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82611,"Recently, Glenn Beck unveiled one of the new formats that he’ll be using for his nightly television program. The recent program was the first of his “Think Tank” episodes in which he and several staff members sit around and discuss the news of the day. They kicked things off by attacking President Obama for supposedly […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80728,"WASHINGTON, D.C. — After a summer of tragic and disturbing domestic mass shootings, a bipartisan effort on Capitol Hill has led to the announcement that Congress will not act immediately on gun control laws, but will wait until, in the words of one congressional aide, a new “death quota is filled.” A congressional committee has been formed, including Reps. Joe Wilson (R-SC) and Nita Lowey (D-NY), to decide on the exact number of innocent Americans that must perish in mass shootings before Congress begins to formally make a decision on gun rights.

“Congress isn’t convinced that gun control laws need adjustment,” the aide told Newslo. “There are some crazies out there, sure, but does that necessitate policy reforms across the board? More research is needed.”

The congressional committee has begun reaching out to various experts on gun control from both sides of the aisle. Marcus Brigham, chairman of the Center for Gun Control Reform, says that the striking number of mass shootings in the last five years is more than enough proof that gun laws in America should be tightened. “James Holmes, Wade Michael Page – that’s just this summer alone,” Brigham said. “Not to mention Gabby Giffords and that old bastard Cheney. Even Bush signed gun control reforms after Virginia Tech, but it wasn’t enough.”

Across the aisle, however, many conservatives feel that far more tragedies are needed to prove the dangers of the Second Amendment. In his report to the congressional committee, longtime NRA consultant Samuel Cleetus writes: “When you consider the number of Americans in this country – over 300 million – how can we let a couple dozen deaths, no matter how tragic, dictate our entire nation’s policy? My studies have concluded that at least 27.4 million Americans must die in mass shootings before the societal impact of our God-given right to bear arms should be questioned.”

The congressional committee will reportedly release its quota in January 2013. Various Capitol Hill aides, each of whom requested anonymity, claimed that the committee was likely to list a number between 325,000 and 500,000.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81878,"NEW YORK — In what may prove to be the most exciting find in decades, archeologists from Columbia University confirmed today that they have discovered evidence that at one time, a “middle class” once made New York City’s trendy Meatpacking District its home.

While workers were readying the building at 9thAvenue & 13th Street for demolition in preparation for a luxury hi-rise condominium slated to begin construction later this year, the crews began finding evidence of a people who were not in the top 2% of incomes in the city, worked non-office jobs, and had strong – perhaps even multi-generational – ties to the local community.

“It’s eerie,” said construction worker Michael Collins. “On the storefront we found a sign that said ‘Schmidt & Sons Hardware’. And upstairs it looked like there had been a family living there for like decades. It was like outer-borough people like me once lived there.”

Chief archeologist Dr. Ian Crenshaw-Bones explained that the discovery opened up a new window into the area’s past – from the people who inhabited it, to the local economy, to the very name itself. “Since we started digging, we’ve made extraordinary strides in understanding the peoples who once roamed these streets. Many of them, it seems, did not grow up in the suburbs, move into the city for a few years, and then return to the suburbs to spawn. They were born, raised and died here. Fascinating.”

Among the other findings are that the term “Meatpacking District” came from the cattle slaughtering and processing that was the cornerstone of the local economy, and not a lewd reference to the hobby of the present-day bottle-serviced douchebag-eratti at clubs like Trend and Gentry. Moreover, the High Line was a vital transportation artery for cargo, and not a place for the idle to see and been seen and there was nary a Sephora to be found.

“This is so exciting,” said Shoshanna Brooke, a marketing consultant and resident of the area. “I’ve been living in MePa for a long, long time, over two years – and I had no idea we were on top of something so historic. Do you think my property value will go up because of this?”

Others, however, are seeing the discovery as a nuisance, citing the delays in the further transformation of the area. “That new building was supposed to have a hella rooftop bar and a Momufuku at its street level” said Tristan Globstein, a self-described “tastemaker.” “So what if someone found artifacts from a ‘middle class’ – if it ever even existed?”

The New York Historical Society has plans to soon get involved and set up an exhibit according to its curator, Jan Asteroth, “And it will be very educational for New Yorkers to see how people lived in the Pre-Artisanal/Real Estate Complex era.” She explained the exhibit would be erected on the site of a public housing playground and not on “any valuable land.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80672,"MOSCOW – Russia this week suggested it would consider offering asylum to whistleblower Edward Snowden, as well as the trendy three-bedroom loft once occupied by now-imprisoned members of the band Pussy Riot, “since it’s going to be empty for a long time – practically indefinitely,” said Vladimir Putin.

Since leaking details about the U.S. government program Prism, which he alleges collects the personal data of American citizens, Snowden checked out of his hotel in Hong Kong. His current whereabouts are unknown.

“This great apartment is just going to waste,” said Russian MP Robert Schlegel. “Vaulted ceilings, heat and hot water, laundry right in the unit – it is the least we can offer to a champion of free speech such as Mr. Snowden.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80678,"“Likely Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush said that Christian business owners should not have to provide services for gay weddings if it goes against their religious beliefs. “Yes, absolutely, if it’s based on a religious belief,” he said when asked by the Christian Broadcasting Network in an interview Saturday if businesses should be able to decline services to same-sex weddings.

“The former Florida governor justified his position by claiming that not providing a service does not count as discrimination if business owners feel that it violates their religious rights. “A big country, a tolerant country, ought to be able to figure out the difference between discriminating someone because of their sexual orientation and not forcing someone to participate in a wedding that they find goes against their moral beliefs,” he said. “This should not be that complicated. Gosh, it is right now.”

“The blurry distinction has become a controversial topic, as many wedding-related businesses around the country, like florists and bakeries, have turned down gay customers, citing religious freedom. The issue became politically charged in March, when Indiana Gov. Mike Pence (R) signed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act into law, which allows businesses to cite religious rights as a reason for refusing service. Many in the GOP presidential field, including Bush, defended the law. “Once the facts are established, people aren’t going to see this as discriminatory at all,” he said in March.

However, speaking exclusively to Newslo, former Gov. Bush stated that, all things considered, “there should at least be some resemblance of a two-sided solution in this whole matter.”

He stated: “America has always taken great pride in being fair to its citizens, as well as allowing them to be fair amongst themselves. So, there may be another solution to the matter; one that doesn’t require either side to compromise on anything it stands firmly for.”

“If Christians have the right to refuse to serve gay weddings,” Bush proposed, “perhaps members of the LGBT community should also be allowed to ban all Christians from their weddings, given that it’s against their beliefs. So, both sides need to have the same authority, legally speaking, to support what they believe in. That would be, in my book at least, a perfect example of just how great America can be.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82262,"““World Breastfeeding Week,” which ended on Friday, sought to normalize one of the most basic and natural functions of motherhood. But when it comes to the female breast and the various tasks it performs, things never fail to become inflammatory. The hoopla this time around centered on a 26-year-old woman from Australia, named Jessica Anne Colletti, who posted a photo on Facebook of herself breastfeeding her toddler and her friend’s toddler at the same time. Predictably, the photo took off on social media and proved to be very divisive.

“At the same time, new mothers in the United States are often forced to go back to work just a few weeks after having babies. That happens because the U.S. federal government, unlike any other country in the developed world, offers no provision for paid maternity leave. But, apparently, Carly Fiorina has a solution. If the former Hewlett-Packard CEO is elected president, she’ll simply fix the American economy, making it “so strong that employers are forced to compete for workers by offering better salaries, better leave policies, more time off, and good benefits,” she wrote in a blog post for the Huffington Post.

And how does she plan to do that? By taking a page from the book of the aforementioned Australian mother and centering the “new and improved” American economy on it. “I really don’t know how someone didn’t think of this before I did,” Fiorina told Newslo. “Actually, I do know: most politicians who make those decisions nowadays are men and they don’t give a rats as* about women’s rights. Well, I’d like to say to all the new mothers in America: Don’t worry ladies, I’m here and I will take care of you.”

Asked to elaborate on her new solution for the economy, Fiorina said: “It’s basically really simple: seeing all the hype that was caused by that Australian mom who was breastfeeding her own and her friend’s child at the same time made me think about whether we can turn that into something more here in America. I mean, we’ve always been at the forefront of innovations and I see no reason to stop doing that now.”

“Even though I might personally disagree with what she was doing,” the former HP CEO added, “I can certainly understand her intention to help her friend in a selfless manner. And that’s when it hit me – since we have so many difficulties with our economy, and not to mention our public health, maybe we can kill two birds with one stone and ask new moms who have no trouble breastfeeding to take on additional children whose moms aren’t so lucky and breastfeed them as well. And I’m not just talking sporadic cases – I’m talking large-scale breastfeeding operations, maybe even setting up breastfeeding farms.”

The Republican presidential hopeful went even further: “At first, this would be organized as a temporary way to allow new moms to make a few dollars on the side and at the same time help others by performing selfless acts. But, if there are any extreme cases, as I suspect there are likely to be – who knows, maybe we can even have moms who will do this as a career. It’s a perspective job, when you really look at it. And besides, considering how shameless young people are today, I don’t think there will even be any moral issues for youngsters here either.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79916,"Televangelist Pat Robertson recently repeated his prediction that LGBT rights will provoke God to destroy America’s financial markets, warning “The 700 Club” viewers that God’s wrath is on its way. He claimed that the U.S. is turning into Sodom now that it has “enshrined sodomy into the United States Constitution” and cities like Houston are trying to “force women to go into men’s bathrooms and men to go into women’s bathrooms.”

“Now it’s a constitutional right for sodomites to marry each other,” he lamented, warning that “the wrath of God is revealed against this stuff.” He explained: “I don’t want the wrath of God to hit this country, it’s a great country, I’d like to see America continue strong, but this is one way of weakening it. First of all, we’re going to have this financial collapse. We’re setting up for a massive financial collapse and I think if God is going to hurt this country that’s probably the way he’d do it.”

At that point, a viewer called in and inquired Robertson whether his grim predictions of such a crisis can somehow be averted, to which Robertson gave a somewhat confusing answer: “I believe so, yes, but we need to stop spreading lesbianism and homosexuality in order to achieve that. And the only way to stop the spread of these diseases that are plaguing the country is to make some sort of obvious distinction between gay people and normal, straight people.”

“I personally believe that we must impose a rule on the gay population that would require them to wear specially-colored clothes, for example. I’m thinking we need to go through the Senate with this and we need to make it official. That way, regular people would know that the person wearing the said color is a deviant sodomite and that they need to stay away from them at all cost, as well as keep their children away from their reach,” Robertson opined.

The viewer then interrupted “The 700 Club” host to state that “that sounds awfully like what Nazis did to Jews in the events leading up to World War II,” referring to the fact that Jews in pre-WWII Poland and Germany were made to wear Jewish badges, or yellow badges, which were cloth patches that Jews were ordered to sew on their outer garments to mark them as Jews in public. It served as a badge of shame.

“I don’t believe that,” Robertson quickly became defensive. “I am simply talking about protecting regular people in America, not setting out gays and lesbians as members of the population that should be tortured and slaughtered in concentration camps. Do you understand my point of view here?” the host asked the caller.

“I do,” the caller replied. “But I also understand that you’re trying to do to gay people what the Nazis did to my people more than half a century ago. And I am appalled by it.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81568,"WASHINGTON — The Obama administration’s recent decision to make Plan B, the “morning-after pill,” available over the counter to girls under the age of 18, even without parental consent,has been criticized in some corners and praised in others for potentially leading to increased sexual activity in teenagers.

Catholic League President Bill Donohue said that while this new development infringes on the rights of parents to know what is going on in their children’s lives, it carries perhaps even greater consequences. “This situation is dire,” said Donohue. “Without the deterrent of an unwanted pregnancy, everyone knows teenage girls will ignore the threat of STDs, inequitable social stigma, and their own better judgment and instantly morph into unquenchable sex machines – attempting intercourse with anyone who crosses their path and shows even the slightest interest in them.

“Haven’t any of you ever seen the Internet?” he added.

“From his lips to God’s ears,” said 17-year-old high school senior and noted virgin Dan Petsky after hearing Donohue’s statement. “I’ve tried everything in my bag – trying to grow facial hair, getting a fake ID, being sensitive, being a dick, being popular, and being a loner. Nothing works. I really don’t want to graduate without getting laid. My only hope is that this Plan B pill will unleash the inner minx of girls everywhere. Please, I’m not even asking for a girlfriend here.”

While the move has been applauded by groups such as Planned Parenthood and the Partnership for Civil Justice Fund as a step forward in letting girls decide what is best for their own bodies, the Lame-o’s and Dorks Initiative for Doin’It says further action is needed. “While this is a great day, we cannot rest,” said spokesman Mark Malenfant, who called for further research and development of a “Plan C” pill, which may blind females to pizza-faces, halitosis and the playing of “Dungeons and Dragons.”

As of press time, the nation’s teenage girls are reportedly up in their rooms, “mortified,” and will not come out until everyone stops talking about if, when, how, and with whom they are or might be having sex.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81080,"“The anti-Muslim activist whose Mohammad cartoon contest in Texas was attacked by two gunmen on Sunday said the shooting shows the importance of her message. Pamela Geller, American Freedom Defense Initiative president and sponsor of the “Draw Mohammad” contest in Garland, Texas, defended her event to CNN’s Alisyn Camerota on Monday.

“Geller said: “This terrible incident reflects the need for such conferences. It’s illustrative of the violent assault on the freedom of speech.” She later added: “There is a problem in Islam, as illustrated last night – that anyone who addresses it gets attacked.”

“Two gunmen opened fire outside Geller’s exhibit, hitting a security guard in the leg. Police shot both men to death. Texas officials have declined to name the suspects, but CNN and ABC identified one of them as Elton Simpson. The shooters’ motive wasn’t immediately clear.

“Geller, whose organization drew ire for anti-Islam ads featuring Hitler on San Francisco buses and a burning World Trade Center in New York City subways, told Camerota in a heated discussion that she is not against Islam. “I’m not concerned with Muslims, especially peaceful Muslims,” Geller said. “I’m anti-Jihad, and anybody who says I’m anti-Muslim is implying that all Muslims support Jihad.”

“Camerota pointed out that Geller’s selection of Dutch politician Geert Wilders as the event’s keynote speaker suggests otherwise, and read portions of his speech: “Our Judeo-Christian culture is far superior to the Islamic one,” Wilders said. “Islam does not allow free speech, because free speech shows how wrong and evil Islam is. And Islam does not allow humor, because humor shows how ridiculous and foolish it is.”

“However, Geller defended Wilders’ message as free speech. The contest’s winning cartoonist, Bosch Fawstin, also spoke out on Twitter following the attacks, calling the shooters’ deaths “justice.”

Speaking with Newslo, Geller revealed that there is one aspect of Islam as a religion that she “will admit she’s kinda fond of.”

“I have to say that I generally disagree with 99,99 percent of that religion, regardless of the fact that, I say again, peaceful Muslims are literally victims of other Islamists. However, on the issue of gay people and LGBT rights in general, I’m totally for the Islamic point of view. In addition to terrorism, Islam has traditionally been most consistent with persecuting gays,” Geller said.

She added: “You gotta give them credit for that one, surely.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81742,"CARACAS – Venezuela came to a halt this week as millions of citizens mourned the loss of their longtime leader, Huge Chavez, whose death marked the beginning of a peaceful transition for the country into a state of complete anarchy.

The official funeral brought together the attendance of leaders the world over, both enemies and friends, even as the funeral site changed locations throughout the day.

“They said Chavez Road and Chavez Avenue – right?” asked a frustrated Sean Penn, who had hoped to carry the coffin during opening ceremonies. “Do they have a contact – a number we can call? I’m fucking Sean Penn for god’s sake.”

Even as the country fell into a leadership vacuum not seen since the mid-1990s, the funeral ceremony seemed to pull itself together after a local DJ took control of the microphone and asked audience members to “clap” and “dance” in-between speeches.

“I’m not sure if I should say something,” said Nicolás Maduro, the nation’s Vice President, who seemed nervous to approach the front of the Cathedral. “I don’t see my name on the program.”

In the meantime, Diasdado Cabella, the head of Chavez’ opposing legislative party, got up to make an awkward announcement about his “desire to continue where Chavez left off.”

“As we near the next election, I already say ‘thank you’ to the Venezuelan people for their support,” said Cabella, whose long speech was cut short by the impatient funeral MC.

According to Allan Carías, a prominent lawyer and member of Chavez still-popular United Socialist Party, it remained unclear who was technically in charge of the leaderless country.

“He made several hand-written changes to the Constitution in his final days,” said Carías, referring to Chavez’ last weeks in the hospital. “I think he may have put Sean Penn in charge – not sure. You see him anywhere?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80317,"Recently on “Trunews,” End Times radio host Rick Wiles declared that the first days of Donald Trump’s presidency have been so successful that they are undoubtedly a sign that God’s blessing is “oozing” onto America. “Friends, listen to me,” he said. “I can’t get out of my mind what Mario Murillo said Monday, ‘Grace is oozing out of Heaven.’ It’s just oozing towards us right now. I’m basking in it. I’m rolling around in it. I’m enjoying it. I keep getting this picture that Donald Trump is like this Samson, who has been raised up by God to fight the Philistines and all the Philistines have now turned their attention away from the church, turned their attention away from attacking Christianity, and all of the Philistines are running to Washington to attack Samson.”

“And that is so incredibly awesome, because that means they’ll stop focusing on the American people and start focusing on someone who can actually handle them and wipe the floor with them,” Wiles also said. “Though, I have to admit that I’m not without concerns. In the history books, Samson’s strength was in his hair. Now, I don’t think it’s a coincidence that Donald Trump’s hair is also one of his signature features that makes him instantly recognizable. And that’s exactly why I’m convinced that his lovely, thick head of hair is the source of his might. I mean, the Secret Service should really pay close attention to that thing, they really need to keep it safe. Maybe get Trump a helmet coated with Kevlar or something, I don’t know. But they definitely need to take action.”

Asked to further elaborate on his theory, the End Times radio host argued that the First Lady Melania Trump also poses “a reason for concern.” “You know, I personally don’t have anything against her and I think she’s very attractive and very ladylike. However, I can’t shake the feeling that there’s way more to her than meets the eye. At the end of the day, she’s not a true American in the fullest sense of the word and we’ll never be 100% sure she wasn’t sent by our enemies to cut her husband’s hair off and deprive him of the source of his strength and power. Because, and I’m sure many American men will agree with me, but women can be really nasty sometimes and they do tend to de-masculinize guys all the time. And you know, if he was just a billionaire businessman, nobody could care less. But, because he’s the president, the whole situation could easily become catastrophic.”

“Plus, and I don’t know if you’ve heard this, but there are rumors that the hairstylist who did Trump’s hair for the White House handover ceremony actually swallowed a couple of the hairs off his head by accident. He’s reportedly been hospitalized since because he complained about pain in his genitals immediately after it happened, and doctors found out that his sperm count skyrocketed inexplicably. That’s how much power a single hair off of Donald Trump’s head has. And that’s why God chose him; that’s why he’s exactly what the men and women of this country need,” Wiles concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81564,"AUSTIN, Texas — Tempers flared in the State Capitol yesterday as Republicans pushed forward a controversial amendment that would legalize rape on the grounds that the act of rape did not lead to pregnancy, and therefore should not be considered a crime.

The amendment was added by Representative Jodie Laubenberg (R- Collins) to her own, already-controversial bill that would ban all abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy and enforce standards that would force all but five of Texas’s abortion clinics to close.

“Really, I think it’s silly it’s taken us this long to figure this out,” said Laubenberg. “I think we’ve been intimidated by the Liberal Left into thinking rape is a bad thing, but come on, if you can’t get pregnant, what harm is there in a little rape now and again?”

The move shocked many in the chamber on both sides of the political aisle, but dissent was virtually non-existent on the Republican side of the chamber, as many were already numb from Laubenberg’s startling revelation as to why rape did not result in pregnancy.

“If a woman is raped… We have hospital emergency rooms,” insisted Laubenberg from her seat in the State Capitol. “We have funded what’s called rape kits that will help the woman, basically clean her out. And then hopefully that will alleviate that.”

Speaker of the House Joe Straus (R) immediately jumped from his seat in his haste to learn more about these ‘rape kits’ to which Laubenberg was referring. “This is amazing!” he said, slamming his fist on the podium for emphasis. “How long have we had this ability? Are they really in every hospital? Why have I not heard of this before?”

He then enthusiastically agreed that, based on Laubenberg’s unconfirmed and erroneous information, he saw “no reason for the State of Texas to waste any further tax dollars prosecuting men whose only crime is that they have raped a woman.” He then asked for volunteers to form a committee to look into the de-stigmatization of rape and how the government could better integrate rapists back into mainstream society.

After explaining how rape kits eliminate pregnancy and proposing her new amendment, Laubenberg left the House floor and informed Speaker Straus that she respectfully disagreed with everything that might follow with regards to her bill, despite not having actually heard any of the testimony that would follow.

As Democrats denounced the amendment as horrific, cruel, and inhumane, Republicans were left weighing their options. “For so long we’ve been told that rape is a bad thing,” said Speaker Straus. “Now here’s Jodie saying maybe it’s not so bad. And she’s got them lady parts, so I have to figure she’d know.”

“I’m actually pretty happy about how this has all turned out,” said Republican Representative Brandon Creighton (R – Conroe). “I’m going to go home and have sex with my wife whether she wants it or not.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80229,"Appearing on CNN’s New Day, prior to Saturday’s Science March in Washington D.C., physicist William Happer, who has advised Trump on the environment, attempted to explain to the CNN audience that climate change is a “myth” and that the world is actually getting “greener.” Speaking with host Victor Blackwell, Happer argued, “There’s this myth that’s […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80445,"On the fifth anniversary of Trayvon Martin’s death, the man who took his life joined WeSearchr for an interview in which he discussed which news organizations “truthfully” covered the shooting. George Zimmerman, who killed 17-year-old Martin and was ultimately found not guilty on second-degree murder charges, told WeSearchr host Peter Duke, “Fox News was the only one that reported carefully.” Zimmerman added, “I would say Sean Hannity himself was the only person that reported the truth at the time, which was that everyone knew nothing until the trial. And I thank him for that.”

Asked to reflect back on the events that lead to his trial, as well as the aftermath of it, Zimmerman said that “I was charged and put on trial regardless of the fact that every single person in that courtroom knew that there were African-American people killing each other every single day,” he recalled. “Yet, I was the one accused of murder, and it didn’t sit well with me, it didn’t seem fair. I’ve already said on numerous occasions, I’ve explained myself, as well as my actions repeatedly, and still I’m considered a criminal. Well, the way I feel about it all, especially now, in retrospect, is I feel as though prosecuting me was nothing more than a full-throttle display of anti-white racism.”

Zimmerman added, “Fortunately, the jury saw through the masquerade and the puppet show that was put on to make it look like I had targeted Trayvon on purpose, and that was just ludicrous. The whole story ended the way I felt was right, and that was it.” Asked if he noticed any changes in society in the aftermath of the jury’s, according to many, questionable verdict, the former police officer said that the one thing that did “stand out” was the fact that, “from that point on, everybody seemed to be more on edge when it came to the racial component.” “To be quite honest, one should not be surprised by that, but I believe in my heart that the people who saw me as innocent back then reacted in fear of their own future. I think that’s when they decided they didn’t want to fall victim to anti-white racism as well – a social attitude that culminated last year.”

Asked to elaborate, Zimmerman said, “Well, Donald Trump won the presidential election last November. I’m sure millions of Americans have millions of different ways of looking at that, but as for me, I choose to believe that that decision of the American people – the decision that they were fed up with being constantly accused of racism and hatred – manifested itself in voting for Donald Trump as someone who would stop at nothing when it came to re-establishing the United States of America as a the greatest country in the world, and more importantly, as a country that was made great mostly by its white component. White people don’t want anti-white racism any more than black people or any other race of people in this country want other forms of racism. Simply put – it was just the white man’s turn to stand up and not take any more crap from other folks,” the former police officer concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81957,"ORLANDO, Fla. — This week golf superstar Tiger Woods and Olympic skier Lindsey Vonn confirmed months of speculation that they are in a forced and jumbled metaphor together. The two athletes say they have been “friends” for some time, but their “feelings have deepened” and they feel it is time to take their fractured analogy […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82618,"The wife of Maine’s governor has taken a summertime job as a waitress at a dockside restaurant catering to tourists to supplement the couple’s income. The Maine governor’s salary is the lowest in the United States at $$70,000 a year and Maine’s first lady Ann LePage said she is working at a seafood restaurant in Boothbay Harbor to “put aside a little cash to buy a car.”

However, despite the initial reactions to the news, which have varied from surprise followed by approval to disgust and disbelief, it would appear that there is more to the story than meets the eye. A source close to Maine’s first couple told the Huffington Post that LePage’s wife was actually “forced to find a job” after her husband “punished her by cancelling her daily allowance.”

Apparently, the governor is as dominant at home as he is on the job, which doesn’t come as a surprise at all. “I don’t really know what the reason for such an action was, but I overheard them arguing the other day when I was visiting their home with a bunch of friends,” the source said. “He kept raising his tone when talking to her in the kitchen, and although he was obviously trying to control himself and speak more quietly, he kept referring to ‘her recent behavior’ and how he wouldn’t have it any longer.”

Speaking to the cashiers at a nearby supermarket close to the first couple’s home, however, it was determined that Mrs. LePage has a weakness for “all things sugar, particularly Mars bars and certain types of expensive bottled water, including Mountain Dew.” This makes a lot of sense, seeing how Gov. LePage has been warning the Obama administration that he will move to ban food stamp recipients in his state from buying sugary sweets with taxpayer money.

Indeed, there is plenty wrong with the picture of Maine Governor’s wife blowing a significant portion of the house budget on Mars bars and Mountain Dew when her husband is ramping up a battle over the same products, with the addition of the fact that the couple’s house budget itself is already struggling. “It’s kinda hypocritical,” the cashiers added.

The citizens of Maine agree with their governor’s decision. “I think he’s right,” John Meyer, 36, told The Huffington Post. “He obviously knows what he’s doing and he’s completely right to put a stop to his wife’s spending frenzy. It sets a bad example.” Sabrina Gomez, 27, agrees: “As a woman, at first I wasn’t comfortable having heard that he punished his wife by denying her money. But then, I realized that he was right to do it, and he was right to make her get a job so she could learn to appreciate money more.”

Even Democratic Maine House Speaker and Hillary Clinton supporter Mark Eves approves the fact that his rival put his foot down. “Too long have men allowed themselves to be vaginally manipulated by their women. Today is the day for peace and support among rival men. #BroPower,” Eves tweeted almost as soon as news broke. “If there’s one thing that can unite even the worst of enemies, it’s women and shopping,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80532,"You silly, silly white people.

You thought your little Mittens would become the next president, call up Benny “I Once Slept With a Transsexual Prostitute Who Stank of Pork” Netanyahu, and launch a fleet of Israeli nukes at me?

It’s not that I didn’t want Rom-com to win — on a personal and not a political level of course. (Side-note: “Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason” was just released in Iran…is it the kind of movie where I have to see the original one first?) Sure, he’d probably have me invaded, but at least he wouldn’t embargo Oreos to my country. Sure, he’d probably eat me alive if it convinced Americans that he was “tough” and not “a weird (Scientologist?) robot,” but after my 437th Obama-fueled U.N. sanction, I mean, hey, am I that against something new?

But of course, my biggest concern is Benny, and nothing pleases me more (perhaps Oreos) than knowing he will have to continue to bend over in the way that “homosexuals” do (I’m told) for President Obummer for the next four years. Four more years of Israeli frustration and Netanyahu’s squirming, neutered face turning red? Sweeter than Oreos! (I’m really craving Oreos.)

So thank you, white America. You tried valiantly to vote your bigoted, insane, creepy and uninformed man into power, you failed, and now you’ve opened the doors for me — equally bigoted, insane, creepy and uninformed — to waltz right into my new nuclear facility in [redacted].

In my most recent journey to America I was acquainted with a young harlot by the name of Honey Boo Boo. As the wench would say: “Redneckignize,” America.

Peace, love, and Bridget Jones to all,

Mahmoud",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81924,A Texas Republican state representative pushing legislation that would enact one of the nation’s strictest bans on abortion claimed in floor debate Sunday night that exceptions for the victims of rape and incest are not needed because emergency rooms offer rape kits that “basically clean her out…,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81386,"“Bristol Palin thinks it’s “crazy” for states to provide young women with birth control options free of charge. In a Wednesday blog post, Palin cited a report touted by conservative news sites over the summer about a Washington state high school providing IUDs and hormone implants to students without parental notification or consent. Recently, the conservative group Judicial Watch followed up on those reports by releasing a document showing the state’s Health Care Authority provided hormone implants to girls ranging in age from 10 to 20 years old.

““Do you remember what it was like to be a 10-year-old? I remember being an unabashed tomboy concerned with playing outside and acing 5th grade,” Palin wrote. “But life isn’t so innocent and carefree for some 10-year-olds in Washington State.” She continued, “It is crazy that the government is offering a controversial form of birth control that can have serious life-long side effects to 10-year-old CHILDREN, but then to do all of his behind a parent’s back is simply outrageous!”

Further commenting on the issue, Palin, who is a single mother of two, with each of her children having a different father, went on to say that “parents are better off having their teenage children pregnant than subjecting them to questionable and highly risky contraception methods.”

During the interview with Newslo, the daughter of former Alaska governor Sarah Palin made the bold statement in response to the question of which is the lesser of two evils, teenage pregnancy or controversial birth control. “There is just no debate there, would I choose to be pregnant or risk my long-term fertility? I’d go with pregnancy, that’s a no brainer. But, I guess I’m not really competent to comment on the issue, since I’ve already baked two buns in my oven some time ago,” she said.

She added: “What the government doing to those kids is horrible and it really shows you what kind of hypocrites they are. On one hand, they’re going on about how children don’t think long-term and how teen pregnancies are a result of living in the moment and not thinking about consequences, but then on the other, they’re destroying the lives of those same children by giving them various hormones and drugs that are not 100% safe. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black.”

“The fact that the parents are completely in the dark about what’s being done to their children is even more devastating. I mean, even though I can’t and don’t speak for them, I can tell you that if that were me, and someone was giving me those drugs while I’m in school and not telling my mom about it, I’m sure she’d have me not use them. In fact, she’d be encouraging me to have another baby,” Palin concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81029,"PHOENIX — Arizona Governor Jan Brewer on Monday signed legislation saving the lives of thousands of guns removed from the state’s streets through municipal buy-back programs. Instead of destroying the innocent firearms in a symbolic, if graphic, statement against gun violence, towns and villages across the state are now required by law to resell the guns, ensuring that the firearms have a chance to return home to communities that tried to dispose of them.

“Today is one the proudest days of my political career,” said Governor Brewer. “For too long has Arizona turned a blind eye to the untold suffering of these guns. Well no longer! Their silent cries are silent no longer, and they are now free to practice their Second Amendment rights to have their voices heard in every school, movie theater, or shopping mall in Arizona!”

While opponents of the new measure pointed out that the entire purpose of gun buy-back programs is to get guns off the street in the first place, the measure’s backers disagree. “This is about finding new and innovative ways to raise revenue in these difficult times,” said Republican State Representative Brenda Barton, author of the measure. “When we purchase a used and possibly faulty assault rifle from a member of a community, it is our fiscal duty to turn around and sell it back to that community at bargain-basement prices. Anything else would just be silly.”

The measure, approved by the State House in March before passing the Senate by an 18-12 vote, had the support of the National Rifle Association. “We applaud the State of Arizona for its progressive stance on the rights of guns to coexist with human beings,” said Brent Gardner from the NRA’s Institute for Legislative Action. “Governor Brewer has stopped the wholesale slaughter of thousands of guns that can now look forward to a long and productive life of shooting things.

“Hopefully not people,” he added. “But if they do shoot someone, well, can you blame them with the way guns are under attack these days? It would probably have been in self-defense.”

Street thug David Miller was pleased with the economics of the new law, and felt it would go far towards reducing street crime. “I go sell the cops a few of my guns for a ton of money, then I buy the same guns back a while later at a fraction of what I sold them for,” he explained. “I’m going to make so much money off of this, I may never have to mug someone again!”

Democratic State Senator Steve Gallardo, a strong opponent of the bill, was resigned to measure’s passage. “I really thought we had a chance in the wake of the Connecticut shootings to, if not to move forward on gun control, at least not move backwards,” he said. “But once the Republicans pushed that Gun Personhood Amendment through the State House last week, the writing was on the wall.”

“People always whine about the children. What about the children, they ask? Think of the children! Well I say, what about the guns? Think of the guns!” said Governor Brewer. “Who speaks for the guns? I do!”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81517,"WASHINGTON — Despite attempts during his first term to disassociate himself from the Bush administration’s counterterrorist philosophies, President Obama has nominated the War on Terror as the next Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. The decision came as a surprise, as the Obama administration has carefully removed the name “War on Terror” from its lexicon. […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80880,"Donald Trump questioned Mitt Romney’s faith at a Salt Lake City rally on Friday night, ripping the former GOP presidential nominee as a “choke artist” before wondering whether he was truly a member of the Mormon religion. “Are you sure he’s a Mormon? Are we sure?” he asked a supportive crowd. Romney, just hours earlier, had indicated he’d be casting a vote for Ted Cruz in Utah’s caucuses Tuesday. Trump’s broadside was the latest and most direct in a trend of questioning his opponents’ religion. He previously wondered about Ben Carson’s Seventh Day Adventist faith and suggested that Ted Cruz is unlikely to be a true evangelical because he hails from Cuba.

“Let me tell you something about Mitt Romney,” Trump nearly shouted. “I have known that man to be a hypocrite, I have known that man to be a liar, but I have not thus far heard or thought that he would lie about religion. Religion was like something you don’t mess with in his book, but clearly that’s not the case. Mitt Romney a Mormon? Come on, I’m more Mormon than him. And you want to know something? The only reason he’s pretending to be a Mormon is because he made the mistake of claiming it back in 2012 in the first place, and he did it publicly. So, now he can’t take back his word, because he’ll be labelled a liar. But that’s ok, because that’s what he really is, and everybody knows it. So, go ahead, Mitt, don’t be scared. You have nothing left to lose.”

The billionaire businessman and former reality TV star went on to say that “Mormons are a great people and a great religion,” and added that there is a particular aspect of being Mormon that he agrees with and plans to practice more openly in the future. “I gotta tell you, there are some pretty awesome people here tonight,” the media mogul complimented the crowd, causing whistles of approval. “I love what you people are doing, and you aren’t getting enough credit for it. You’ve got all these great things about your religion, like the multi-wives thing. I’m absolutely loving that!” he shouted, followed by applause. “Pretty soon, I’ll have to start practicing more of that. In fact, you know what I’m going to do when I make it to the White House? I’m going to enact a law that will allow you to be legally allowed to marry several women. I mean, if the gays can do it, so should you.”

“I’m sorry to say that I see what’s going on with you, as well as with many other religions across America,” Trump said. “You’re being marginalized, you’re being persecuted, you’re being exterminated like you’re a plague. And all that because you’re different. And to top it all off, you’re stuck with a representative who not only lost the election in 2012, but is also pretending to be a member of this great religion at the same time. That’s just wrong. So, here’s what I’m going to do – I’m going to go ahead and start promoting the whole more-than-one-wife thing as of right now. I’m going to show my support in such a way that I’m going to import a couple more Eastern European smoking hot top models, and I’m going to marry all of them and I’m going to show the world that there’s nothing wrong with that. So, don’t worry, dear Mormons – you’ve got soon-to-be President Donald Trump on your side.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80517,"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan – A spokesperson for the Pakistani branch of the Taliban today said that his organization believes that Malala Yousafzai, a pupil and outspoken education activist who survived an assassination attempt last year, is lying about her age. Yousafazi claims that she was born in 1997—making her 16 years old—but the Taliban contends that she is “way too bright and all-around inspiring to be that young,” and says that they believe “it’s all a ruse to get attention.”

Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid, speaking from an undisclosed location in western Pakistan, argued that “no one who has lived only 16 years could possibly be as remarkable and strong” as Yousafzai, who recently spoke before the UN Youth Assembly. “It’s just not long enough to build up that kind of awe-inspiring character.”

“Look at the evidence,” Mujahid said. “At 11, she’s writing a blasphemous blog diary about living under Taliban rule. At 12, she’s starring in a New York Times documentary about her life and working for women’s education rights. By 16, she’s listed as one of the 100 most influential people in the world and is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Now, does that sound like the biography of someone who’s barely-pubescent?”

Mujahid admitted that the Taliban was responsible for shooting Yousafzi in the head and neck last October, but argued that her incredible comeback is “only further evidence that she’s older than she says.”

“What 15-year-old takes a bullet to the head, gets better, then keeps on speaking out as if it never happened?” Mujahid said. “She even said she forgives the Taliban member who shot her, and wouldn’t shoot him back if given the chance. It just doesn’t make any sense.”

UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon—who called Yousafzei “our hero” after she called for worldwide access to education before the Youth Assembly—said that, having met Malala, he understands the Taliban’s confusion. “Yeah, I know where they’re coming from,” Ban said. “It’s hard to believe she’s not even old enough to remember Seinfeld, but I can vouch that that’s the case.”

Despite the Taliban’s claims, all available evidence suggests that Malala really is only 16-years-old, and perhaps the most amazing teenager on the planet. Muhajid, however, promised that the Taliban “will never accept [Yousafzai’s] word” about her age, saying that, “if she’s done all this before her 17th birthday, by 20 she’ll be president of Pakistan, and a chick president would be a PR-nightmare for us.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81710,"Further revelations about Josh Duggar have surfaced following news that he molested five underage girls, including four of his own sisters.

First, Duggar admitted to a pornography addiction after it was revealed that he’d spent just under a thousand dollars on the infidelity service Ashley Madison. Fans of the Duggar Douchebucket were shocked to learn that he not only paid the monthly fee, but also an extra two hundred and fifty church-donated dollars for a “guaranteed affair,” a service provided by the website precisely for the sort of pudgy pedophile who can’t get laid despite being a wealthy and politically connected member of one of the most notoriously perverted Quiverfull baby mills.

Then he admitted to having not only paid for an account on Ashley Madison but to having succeeded in cheating on his wife when the website, reeling from the release of their clients’ personal info, attempted to spin the disaster in a positive direction by pointing out that the horny hypocrite never took them up on their money back guarantee. This proves, they assert, that the website can even work for someone as creepy and repulsive as Josh “The Slosh” Duggar.

Finally, he confessed to maintaining a secret Facebook page in order to keep in touch with strippers in his hometown, an OKCupid account for hookups while traveling, and various other social media accounts for the express purpose of “Duggaring” women other than his wife.

“You got me,” Duggar admitted when confronted with the disparity between his message and his lifestyle. “I’ve been using money donated by faithful Christians to score squish for years now.” He went on to boast about the many partners he’d had over the years, pointing out that, aside from his four siblings and a neighbor child, most of the people he’d slept with were willing participants, and some of them didn’t even look very much like his sisters.

“But they were all white,” he remarked. “Not for lack of trying, but Blacks won’t go near me and Asians all say I smell like mayonnaise.”

He pointed out however that, despite his many hypocrisies, like calling liberals liars and gays pedophiles, there are many things he hasn’t done. “I’ve never had sex with an animal while it was still alive,” he proudly declared. “And I’ve never hit a man,” he said as he showed reporters his soft, unsullied hands. “And I might also remind you that I have a total of nine sisters, which means I’ve technically molested fewer than fifty percent of them.”

But when asked how these recent revelations might affect his position in his church, he calmly shrugged his shoulders and said it was a moot point. “I’m retiring from all of that,” he declared. “I was in it for the submissive women and the forgive-and-forget culture that shamed victims into remaining silent about the humiliation and abuse they suffered at my hands. But now that I’ve made my money and got my honey, I’m giving up the pimping game.”

He went on to talk about his future plans. “I might become a rapper,” he mused. “Or I might get into sports, as long as I don’t have to give up cupcakes and masturbation. Or I might open up a restaurant, call it Josh’s Cream Cakes, or something. And I won’t even have to turn a profit, all I’ll have to do is refuse to sell to gays, claim Christian persecution, and set up a donation site. It’s all gravy. My fans were stupid enough to make me rich once, I’m sure they’ll do it again.”

We asked him what he’ll do if his future business plans fail or if he falls on hard times. “I’ll just go back to the church, apologize, and ask for forgiveness. They’ll take me in because, if they don’t, they’re afraid they’ll go to hell. It’s the greatest scam ever!”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81880,"HOLLYWOOD — Experts on the ancient Mayan culture of Central America have confirmed what has long been feared, that the world will come to an end on December 21, 2012 due to the release of the new Tom Cruise movie, Jack Reacher.

“The prophecy is very specific,” said Mark Van Stone, Mayan expert and Professor of Art History at Southwestern College in San Diego. “The instant that damn Cruise movie opens nationwide, we’re screwed.”

While most have heard that the Mayan calendar ends on 12/21/12, the mechanism that brings about the end of the world was unknown until recently, when a Mayan stela (stone monument) was unearthed in northern Belize. The Crazy Man Stela, as it’s known, explains that the world will end when a “Crazy Chair Dancer following the Teachings of the Shaman of Star Tales” performs a worldwide ceremony wherein he “Reaches for Relevance.”

“Hard to argue with the interpretation,” said David Stuart of the University of Texas. “Especially when you plug in the whole ‘jumping on Oprah’s sofa’ bit into the equation.”

Exactly how the nationwide launch of Jack Reacher brings about the end of the world is still a topic of heated debate. Theories include a publicity stunt which goes horribly wrong, the predictability of the film causing mass riots, or the film’s release triggering a Scientology-related doomsday scenario.

“It’s common knowledge that Cruise is the Anointed One in Scientology lore,” said Rotten Tomatoes Editor-In-Chief Matt Atchity. “Jack Reacher is the End Game of a carefully thought out plan where each successive Cruise film has been made to fulfill requirements needed to bring about the Final Cleansing of mankind. How else do you explain Knight and Day?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80636,"SAN ANTONIO – “We just got confused,” admitted a solemn and repentant Spurs coach Gregg Popovich. “We thought we were supposed to try and win every game, and just plain forgot how boring and uninteresting we are as a team.”

The Spurs’ coach called a press conference offering his sincerest apologies for anyone who is now subjected to at least four more games of the least exciting basketball team of all time. Popovich lamented the fact that it is too late in the year to trade for a superstar or teach Tim Duncan to take a shot that won’t resemble your dad shooting the ball in the driveway. “We may have had the second best record in the Western Conference, but we had like three ‘Sports Center’ highlights all year.”

“We got carried away in the moment,” said Duncan. “I realize now that it was my duty to let a superstar-driven, highlight reel-producing team beat us. This is the NBA; no one pays to watch sound fundamentals. To all the fans, I just want to say I’m sorry.” Duncan also said that he was not really looking forward to the Finals, and that while the high level of basketball was great, he would rather post pictures of his pottery class projects to his Pinterest board than give interviews to the press.

NBA commissioner David Stern is looking into a way to fine the Spurs but so far can’t find anything in the rulebook. “It doesn’t technically violate any rules,” said Stern, “but knocking out the Lakers and then the Warriors seems to violate the spirit of the game.” The commissioner said it was selfish and mean-spirited of the Spurs to eliminate two large market teams just so they could win a championship. “If the Spurs want to win it all, maybe they should sell more jerseys — they currently don’t have a single player in the top 10.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80793,"North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory (R) responded to a backlash against the state’s new law banning anti-discrimination protections for gay and transgender people by signing an executive order recently aimed at calming the firestorm, even as he left the most controversial provisions intact. Namely, in his order McCrory stopped short of altering the bill’s most high-profile provision mandating that transgender people use bathrooms that correspond only with the gender on their birth certificate.

“It’s quite simple, folks,” McCrory told media outlets on Wednesday. “Try thinking about it this way. I’m sure many of you have daughters, not that it should matter, but it kinda does. Now, imagine going out for a nice, family stroll on a Sunday afternoon, and all of a sudden, your child needs to go to the restroom. ‘That’s fine,’ you’re thinking, right? And you’re outside, waiting for your daughter to finish using the public restroom, and then you see a 6-foot, tattooed biker with a beard who’s wearing a flower dress and he also comes into the ladies room. Are you seriously telling me you’d be okay with that?”

He then said, “And don’t try to spin this round, either. Because it works both ways. All you ladies out there – you’re telling me you’d be totally fine with seeing a gorgeous, straight-out-of-the-centerfold Playboy bunny walking into the same restroom right after your husband? Yeah, I bet you’d be like, ‘Oh, it’s totally fine, I’m sure he or she or whatever is transgender and nothing is going to happen in there.’” Give me a break, that would never happen, not even if you were the most self-aware and confident woman alive.”

“But, cheating is not a felony. Statutory rape, on the other hand, is,” McCrory added. “Therefore, let’s focus on the former situation. That’s exactly why I am now going forward with a new piece of legislation, which is about protecting our youngest and most innocent members. At the same time, what I’m proposing also makes sure to not violate the rights of so-called transgender people any further. And the name of the game here is – body cams.”

“It’s simple, really. If transgender people are legally required to wear body cams and record their every visit to a bathroom that does not correspond with the gender on their birth certificate, that’s going to improve the situation in more ways than one. On one hand, police will have video-recordings of what goes on in the bathroom in real time, thereby giving them the opportunity to react instantly should any rape attempts occur. On the other hand, transgender people, which in this case means men who identify as women, will be allowed to use women’s restrooms. It’s perfect, especially for any glory hole enthusiasts,” the North Carolina governor concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80986,"MOBILE, Ala. — In a surprising victory speech, President Barack Obama decided to kick Republicans where it hurts. In a nod to his Islamist supporters in Egypt’s Muslim Brotherhood, Barack Obama declared his intention to change the name of red state “Alabama” – a state he did not win – to “Allah-‘Bama,” thus combining the names of the Muslim diety and his Kenyan surname. When asked by reporters if the name change is a signal of his support for the opening of local shari’ah courts, President Obama coolly replied, “Nope… I just wanted to get them riled up for not voting for me.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79843,"ATANTA – Earlier this week, when Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill making it legal for registered gun owners to carry their weapons in “churches, schools, libraries and bars,” among other places, Georgian gun owners overwhelmingly supported the change. But just days later, public opinion has turned against the bill, as firearm enthusiasts realize that “all the fun and risk” has been “sucked out of illegally bringing guns into forbidden places.”

Billy Watson, 26, of Alpharetta, is one of thousands of Georgians who have quickly turned against the bill. “Yesterday I tucked my Glock into my waistband and went into a library, expectin’ to feel freer than I ever had before,” Watson explained. “But without the possibility of gettin’ caught, the Glock was just annoying and heavy. I ended up borrowin’ ‘Twilight’ again and headin’ home.”

From the start, critics of the legislation called it the “guns everywhere” bill, and although supporters initially resisted the nickname, many have since admitted that the characterization is accurate, and that the bill’s effect has been both surprising disappointing.

Dunwoody High School social studies teacher Sam Kelvin explained that it “used to be a lot of fun taking [his] gun into school,” but since Gov. Deal signed House Bill 60, carrying a loaded weapon in his classroom has “lost all its edge.”

“Man, used to be, when a kid came up to my desk to ask some stupid question, I had this secret thrill, knowing that I had a deadly weapon strapped around my ankle,” Kelvin said. “But now all the other teachers are packin’ too, and the whole thing’s starting to feel blasé.”

Even local NRA chapters are switching their stance on the bill and begging Gov. Deal to “do something to put the fun back into concealed carrying.” Although NRA members still largely support some of the bill’s measures—the legislation “removes the fingerprinting requirement for new gun licensees, and also abolished a state requirement that gun merchants maintain records of their sales and purchases,” for instance—many say that they’ll have to start “hanging around in the Capitol more often,” where carrying firearms is still banned.

The bill also made it easier for Georgians to evoke the state’s “stand your ground” law, even if the gun they use to kill someone is not registered. Initially one of the bill’s most popular measures, it too has earned criticism of late.

“I always thought that one day I’d probably kill somebody with one of my guns, you know, in ‘self-defense’,” said Grovetown native Andy Potts. “But now it’s all but certain that I wouldn’t be punished for it—which is great, but now it just seems too easy, you know?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81226,"TALLAHASSEE — In a guest appearance on MSNBC’s Morning Joe, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush requested Sparknotes for Immigration Wars, a book he co-authored with Clint Bolick, in order to determine his position on illegal immigration as soon as possible.

Bush is known as a relatively moderate Republican, owing to his outreach towards the Hispanic community and stated belief that illegal immigrants should be offered a path to citizenship, a position he walked back from shortly after learning that his own book criticized the same very idea. Bush’s change of heart came at an inopportune time politically: the book was written last year, when the Republican Party considered offering illegal immigrants a path to citizenship to be an act of treason. Since then, many Republicans, including Marco Rubio, the GOP’s Hispanic savior, have come out in support of the policy.

“Of course I read it. I did write half the thing,” Bush said on-air while stalling for time as a personal assistant hurried to print out copies of the Sparknotes for Immigration Wars. “Just not the half about my beliefs regarding immigration. But I read the other half, which I actually did write. Wait, no. That doesn’t make sense either. Strike that. Go to commercial.”

After perusing the “Overview” and “Important Quotations” sections of Sparknotes during a commercial break, Bush confidently stated: “I am for a path to citizenship as long as it doesn’t incentivize illegal immigration, which I believe is impossible. I therefore oppose a path to citizenship. And that has been my stated position for literal hours, ever since the publication of my book earlier today.”

In the middle of Bush’s statement, other Republicans competing for the 2016 presidential nomination shifted their views on immigration once again, with Rubio and other conservatives advocating that illegal immigrants fight each other to the death in a televised sporting event, with the winner being granted citizenship. When informed of this shift in the GOP landscape, Bush sighed and requested the Sparknotes for The Hunger Games.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81190,"WASHINGTON — When members of Tea Party-affiliated groups learned that it was among the groups targeted by the IRS to be audited, they were flabbergasted. “We’ve been saying for years that the government was intrusive, overstepping its boundaries and wielding too much power,” said Sandra Well, a spokeswoman for one of the groups. “We had no idea […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81632,"New Jersey Governor Chris Christie says that he would oppose any attempt to loosen medical marijuana regulations that would broaden the number of conditions eligible for treatment and potentially lower costs, even as his state remains one of the costliest states in which to live in the country. The legislation, introduced Monday by state Democrats, would expand the list of ailments to include things like menstrual pain, a condition that can be debilitating for some women.

“I’m sorry, but that’s how God wanted it to be,” Christie said. “This is very problematic because at the rate we’re going, we’re soon going to be prescribing marijuana for simple headaches and feeling down on any given day. I bet there are a lot of people who think that would be pretty awesome. But, there is no way I am going to allow the recreational use of marijuana and stand by while the rest of my state is being permanently anesthetized. That’s just not going to happen.”

The New Jersey Gov. also added, “I’ve got a question for you: If marijuana is so great at helping alleviate pain, and it’s been around pretty much since the dawn of time, how come women have only recently started advocating its use to help them with their so-called menstrual pain? I don’t know about you, but that sounds fishy to me. We had the damn thing all these years and centuries, and only now are women claiming it’s good for them. Come on, it couldn’t be more obvious than that. Women are liars, as every man inherently knows.”

Christie also stated that “there is no changing God’s plan,” since, apparently, it was God who “cursed women with menstrual pain,” and “all we as men can do is offer comfort. But, that’s where our support must end.” “Just think about it – what does it tell you that God cursed women, causing them to bleed once a month and still stay alive? That’s right – even he knew they would be so damaging to men at times that he had to punish them to balance things out. So, not only do I oppose marijuana for menstrual pains because of ethical reasons, I also think it’s wrong because God would be very upset. He wanted women to suffer, and there’s nothing we can do about that,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80542,"TORONTO – Upon learning Thursday that she was once again passed over for the Nobel Prize in literature – and this time for one of her countrywomen, Canadian writer Margaret Atwood retired to her stately manor house with her husband, Graeme Gibson. There, according to a curious series of letters and releases, the renowned novelist and poet has “begun setting in motion plans for biogenetic justice most swift and sure.”

“The red leaf on our flag pales like watercolors to latex compared to the crimson, blossoming bloom of my rage,” reads one message from Atwood, whose works include children’s stories, scripts and copious nonfiction and literary analysis. “Those who would deny me my right shall be crushed, and on a global scale. They shall be banished to the Pleeblands!”

Canadian authorities have made no comment.

Atwood, who published her first book in 1969 and her latest in August, has been considered on the short list for the literature Nobel Prize for several years, along with Japanese novelist Haruki Murakami, Syrian poet Adonis and Americans Joyce Carol Oats and Philip Roth. Thursday morning, Peter Englund, permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced that the Nobel would go instead to another Canadian, Alice Munro.

In response, Atwood, a Booker and Arthur C. Clarke prize-winner whose works include “The Year of the Flood” and the seminal “The Handmaid’s Tale,” has said she will “wipe this blue marble clean” of those who deny her greatness.

“There is only one ending,” the noted feminist and bestselling author wrote in an email to The Toronto Star, “those who fail to see shall be eradicated. Their children will wander the trampled soil with nothing to eat but Pigoons and Mo’Hairs – and everyone knows Mo’Hairs taste terrible. No Aunts or Marthas shall care for them.”

Atwood added: “I mean, seriously, I should have had this thing in the bag 10 years ago.”

Initial response to Atwood’s post-Nobel announcement writings has been mostly positive with critics calling it “brave and unusual” and “creative in form while passionate in content.” Others, however, note that she has “gone to the post-apocalyptic well” more than once before, and that “you have to get up pretty early in the morning if you ever want to beat Murakami.”

The most recent Canadian to win the Nobel Prize was Laura Chase, honored posthumously for her novel “The Blind Assassin.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82261,"NEW YORK – As Internet culture continues to provide new avenues to information, the news industry has been forced to lay off nearly 90% of its fact-checkers, according to a report from media watchdog organization Media Matters. This development comes as no surprise to media insiders. “Honestly, it’s about time we trimmed the fat,” says […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80454,"NEW YORK — Cocaine and Adderall dealers across the country are reporting huge increases in sales during Thanksgiving week as users look for a quick way to combat weight-gain after the holiday.

“This happens every year,” said a cocaine dealer in Manhattan who wishes to remain anonymous. “If you plan to stuff your face on Thanksgiving, just know that I got that good shit all day, son.”

Both cocaine and Adderall are appetite suppressants that have been used for decades by everyone from athletes to models who wish to maintain a certain weight without the hunger pangs. By taking the drugs, users feel full on little to no food, and they can ultimately go days without eating a full meal.

“It’s the best way to lose the weight,” said one SoHo coke user. “I have a perfect body, and every guy stares when I walk by. You don’t get this on the Atkins diet.”

Dealers also report that with college finals week rapidly approaching, the perfect storm for blow sales is forming. Between body-conscious professionals and procrastinating NYU students, dealers say the demand couldn’t be higher.

“I’m not even buying drugs to lose weight,” said one user, rocking slowly in Washington Square Park. “I’m just buying in bulk because my dealer gives ridiculous deals during this week every year. Grams for 20 bucks! That‘s pure insanity! I’m going to be fucked up ‘til Christmas.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81547,"Are you wondering about the best way to avoid getting killed by an MQ-9 Reaper drone with laser-guided munitions while also pleasing your man? Al-Qaeda’s nifty guide provided some pointers, but it wasn’t exactly romance-friendly. Here are some tips about how to stay alive while keeping your relationship hot.

1. Buy your boyfriend a Russian “sky-grabber” device to infiltrate drone frequencies. Then give him a night of “sky’s-the-limit grabbing” in bed.

2. Beg him to give you a tutorial on the “Racal” device, which also confuses drone frequencies. When he agrees, say, “Just kidding. Want a blow job?”

3. Spread reflective glass on your car and the roof of your home. Place leftover mirror on the ceiling above your bed and give your man a ringside seat to your mind-blowing sex moves.

4. Hire skilled snipers to hunt low-flying drones outside while you and your man play a naked “hunting game” of your own in private.

5. Jam electronic communications using a water-lifting dynamo with a 30-meter copper pole. Use it to shock your boyfriend with a pole-dancing striptease he’ll never forget.

6. Keep the microwave running twenty-four hours a day. The frequencies deceive NATO missiles’ electromagnetic searching devices and also allow you to give constant treats to your guy. Remember, the way to a man’s heart is through his stomach.

7. Do not use permanent headquarters. Shake things up! Sneak into a stranger’s attic for a night of illicit sex and protection from the enemy.

8. Halt movement after discovering the presence of a drone. Use this time to cuddle with your boyfriend. Press your breasts up against his chest and he’ll forget all about the AGM-114 Hellfire missiles that are aimed with the purpose of killing him.

9. To escape being spotted at night, build a discreet fort equipped with silk pillows and lots of lube!

10. Hide under thick trees, as these are the best cover against the planes. Low-hanging branches will keep you cool while you try out new sex positions like the pinwheel and the Arc de Triomphe.

11. Stay in places unlit by the sun. Add candles for a sensuous touch.

12. Maintain complete silence between all wireless contacts. It protects you from getting tracked by CIA agents, plus there’s nothing more disruptive of lovemaking than a ringtone.

13. Keep away from vehicles when being chased or during combat, but climb in for the post-siege “joystick joyride” in the passenger seat.

14. To deceive the drone, enter a building with multiple entrances and exits. Once inside, remind your man that you, too, have multiple entrances and exits, and that he can have his pick.

15. Hide in an underground shelter. Once the two of you are hunkered down, use the opportunity to bring up those questions you’ve waited to ask: When are you going to meet his parents? Is marriage in the cards? Does he want children, and if so, how many?

16. Kidnap an American. He’ll be impressed by your cunning and strength, and he’ll know you’re ready to take things to the next level.

17. Keep on the look out for spies and agents—during the day, at least. At night, a little espionage role-playing (“Me Tarzan, you Defense Intelligence Agency informant”) will keep him excited.

18. Construct mannequins and place them outside to mislead the enemy. Make an extra just for the bedroom. An anatomically correct doll can go a long way in spicing up your relationship—design it to your boyfriend’s aesthetic preferences.

19. If a drone is chasing your car, jump out and run away. Taking off your clothes at this point will please your man during what would otherwise be a purely high-stress situation.

20. Use natural barricades like a forest or cave. Have sex under precariously hanging stalactite. Let Mother Nature release the carnal animal in both of you.

21. Use smoke as cover by burning tires. The right aroma is an aphrodisiac, and few scents are more titillating than burnt rubber.

22. He shouldn’t use a cell phone if the enemy has tagged your boyfriend’s voice for identification, so don’t get mad if he doesn’t call you back. And remember, talking dirty is way more fun in person than over a phone.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81430,"WASHINGTON — Following the unilateral suspension of Obamacare’s employer mandate and patients’ out-of-pocket cost caps, President Obama announced today that one-time tax credits will be offered to all citizens who voluntarily waive their rights to civil liberties promised by the Bill of Rights.

“Obviously it would be ideal that all citizens are protected by the Bill of Rights,” read an official White House press release. “However, at the present moment, this administration believes that it would be impossible to fairly and effectively offer civil liberties to all Americans, and will be offering tax credits to those who voluntarily opt-out of their constitutionally guaranteed freedoms.”

According to the plan, the tax credit would be a one-time payment of $$25,000 for a full renunciation of the protections of the Bill of Rights, or two payments of $$12,500 for fiscal years 2013 and 2014.

“At the present time there is no plan in place to refund or rescind one’s credit,” a White House spokesperson said today. “For the time being, we will have to assume that waiving your civil liberties would be permanent.”

“Given the fact that the director of the NSA was caught lying to Congress about recording phone and internet activity of millions of Americans, in addition to the hundreds of Obamacare waivers granted to Congressmen and their staffers, selected businesses, unions, and other special interests, we felt that civil liberties and impartial enforcement of the law was unduly hindering the White House’s efforts to govern effectively. President Obama is investing in the future of millions of Americans while simultaneously allowing his administration to do away with the pretense of democracy and rule of law.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81695,"Horoscopes You know who you are. SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21) This week: This week, the moon is in the house of Leo. Doing it Aries style. Bom chicka bom bom. Love: The deli guy is in like with you. Career: When you find out the woman in the cubicle next to you isn’t pregnant; you […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81481,"PHILADELPHIA — Philadelphia lawmakers have introduced a new series of standardized tests for ninth-grade students in order to determine which public high schools are performing adequately and which would better serve the city as private prisons.

Countless studies conclusively find a direct correlation between neighborhoods with lower-performing schools and higher rates of imprisonment. Students without adequate support from their schools and families are more likely to end up in prison, but funding continues to favor incarceration. In 2009, taxpayers paid nearly $$300 million to imprison Philadelphia residents, while the city’s public school district received less than half that sum.

Still, measuring the effectiveness of teachers and administrators in a complex system of schools is a challenging task, particularly when it comes to the criteria used to quantify student engagement and learning. For this reason, the Philadelphia legislative body, which is almost entirely comprised of people with absolutely no background in education, has determined that facilities housing ineffective schools would better serve the community as prisons. If the average score for a ninth-grade class falls below the citywide average, management of the school will be awarded to proprietors of private prison systems. Before long, students in need of additional support and services will likely return to these facilities to live out extensive sentences devoid of freedom, peace of mind, and the satisfaction of basic needs that many of us take for granted.

Even if a school performs satisfactorily, many Philadelphians are concerned that teachers will spend an undesirably large amount of classroom time “teaching to the test,” rather than preparing students for college, future careers, and an intellectually fulfilling life. Legislators have attempted to allay these fears by introducing a concurrent piece of legislation that requires teachers to undergo additional and extensive examinations. These assessments ensure that teachers are offering opportunities for rich discussion and in-depth understanding of core concepts, while simultaneously robbing them of the time to do so. Those teachers that do not meet the proficiency standard will be converted into people without jobs.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82265,"The United States Congress left for the summer recess before dealing with the impending doom of the Zika virus, and now Florida is under attack from Zika-infected mosquitoes. While on the campaign trail last month, Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) said that it’s a “difficult question” whether women with Zika, which causes devastating birth defects, should be allowed to get an abortion. He claimed he would prefer to force women to give birth and “err on the side of life.” It’s consistent with Rubio’s belief that all abortion should be illegal, even in the case of rape and incest.

In an interview with The Washington Post, Rubio argued that many women who have been bitten by Zika-carrying mosquitoes see an opportunity to have an abortion because of it. “From their point of view, this is an unexpected development which could end up giving them everything they want,” Rubio said. “In other words, Zika is essentially an excuse to murder unborn children. Now, I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again – we should not play God. It is not in our power to decide whether or not those babies deserve to live, God decides that. All we can do for them is help them live as painlessly as possible once they’re born.”

Asked to elaborate on his next step regarding statewide pressure on the issue from the outraged mothers-to-be, Sen. Rubio argued that the best course of action would have to be an “anti-Zika vaccine” that would eliminate the possibility of mothers asking for abortion under the false pretense of risking giving birth to a defected baby. “When it comes to rape victims, I think we’re pretty clear on that,” he said. “Those circumstances are horrific, but as I’ve said, we’re not allowed to play God. And I’m afraid the Zika virus epidemic has provided pregnant rape victims with another excuse to apply for abortion. We can’t have that.”

“That’s why I’ve started working on making the anti-Zika vaccine mandatory for all pregnant rape victims who were bitten by Zika-infected mosquitoes,” Rubio continued. “Let’s put it like this: in this situation where we have rape and a virus outbreak and a sensitive issue like abortion, there’s very little chance of fixing things in a way that will result in the complete satisfaction of every single party involved. So, instead of going for an unrealistic goal, let’s try to focus on minimizing the damage and containing the outbreak, because that’s a matter of the utmost urgency for obvious reasons.”

He added, “When you put it like that, it becomes obvious that the vaccine is the lesser of all evils, which makes it the most logical course of action. And now that we’ve settled on that, all that remains is for me to find a way to make those vaccines free. Because if we put them under Obamacare, all hell is going to break loose, especially since Trump is going to cancel…actually, you know what? I talk too much. Bottom line, anti-Zika vaccines are perfect way of hitting two birds with one stone. No more virus outbreak and no more abortions because of it – and voila, problem solved.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80888,"Ann Coulter might very well be sending out dog whistles to show her solidarity with neo-Nazis. Several white nationalists seem to think that’s the case after Coulter mysteriously tweeted out the number “14” on Thursday morning without offering any explanation or additional context. For those unfamiliar with white nationalist lore, the number 14 is significant because it refers to the “14 words” that American white nationalist godfather David Lane wrote as a battle cry for his fellow neo-Nazis: “We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children. The number is often paired with the number “88,” as the letter “H” just happens to be the eighth letter in the alphabet, and “H.H.” is short for “Heil Hitler.”

However, in an interview with ABC News on Thursday afternoon, Coulter managed to dissuade her neo-Nazi Twitter followers, as well as the general public, of the suspected intention of her tweet. Instead, she offered perhaps an equally strange and unnecessary explanation: she was actually advertising the…physical preferences of her potential mate. “Here’s the thing – men today are intimidated of women who are successful, powerful, strong and independent,” she argued. “And that’s why many women who possess the said qualities nowadays are struggling to have a fulfilled personal life. It’s become increasingly difficult to find a reliable partner, someone who fits the bill when it comes to the desirable characteristics, and is, at the same time, confident enough to be able to handle a strong, independent woman.”

“I speak from experience when I say I’ve had hundreds of guys come up to me and start chatting me up, only to give up just minutes into the conversation,” she added. “And at first, I have to admit, I was like, ‘What gives, was it something I said?’ And then I realized – they’re actually intimidated by us, by women who know what they want and aren’t afraid to go for it. So, I got to thinking – how was I supposed to meet someone I would like without wasting too much time on it? And that’s when it hit me: I’ll go straight for the bulls eye and give them something to think about. So, I figured I’d tweet my preferred…dimensions of a certain body feature I’m fond of when it comes to white men, since I only date white men, and see who’d take the bait. And up until now, it’s been misinterpreted, but hopefully this interview will clear things up a bit and that’s when the games shall begin.”

“Personally, I’ve found that some men can be such a waste of time. That’s why I’ve decided to cut things short and eliminate the unwanted competition right off the bat. This way, white guys who are interested in me romantically know straight away how high the expectations bar is set, and they can act accordingly. And let me just say one more thing: although I can be flexible at times (and I do also mean that literally), anything above the said measurements is most, most welcome into the equation. You can say what you want; heck, one could even call me discriminatory, I don’t really care. The fact to the matter is, this way it’s much easier for both me and any potential suitors. They know what they’re getting themselves into from the get go,” the Republican pundit revealed.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81881,"WASHINGTON — Republican National Chairman Reince Priebus today announced that his party, after weeks of internal bickering over how it can broaden its base and reach more voters, has agreed to adopt a “bigot tent” philosophy, which embraces “a new, inclusive intolerance.”

“We cannot remain the party of intolerant old white men,” Priebus announced. “For our party to have a chance at winning future elections, we have to reach out to prejudiced, racist and sexist people of all persuasions–regardless of color, creed or denomination.”

Since the November 2012 elections, in which the GOP took a drubbing at the polls, the party has been engaged in fierce internal debates over how to move forward. The internecine battle has pitted the party’s most extreme “fringe” elements, who advocate playing only to “the base” with a return to ideological purity, against the more “moderate fringe” elements, who argue that the GOP has to acknowledge, however reluctantly, that minorities vote – at least until the Supreme Court does something to fix that.

The announcement today was seen as a big step towards reconciling the two sides.

Chairman Priebus went on, “Today we declare that the new ‘bigot tent’ GOP has room for haters, misogynists, and xenophobes of all stripes. For too long we’ve limited our appeal to White Christian bigots, forgetting that in America there are blacks who hate Asians, Asians who hate Latinos, Latinos who hate gays, gays who hate transsexuals, Jews who hate atheists, women who hate men and on and on. They all need a place to vent their irrational ravings.”

Priebus pledged that the GOP would “be that place,” and vowed to build a “rainbow coalition” of miscreants, although he acknowledged that it’s likely the different colors of that rainbow wouldn’t mingle.

“We can still stand together,” Priebus said, “While standing apart.”

A Democratic Party spokesman, who insisted on anonymity, admitted, “This scares the bejesus out of us. I think the Republicans have finally found a platform that will resonate with millions of Americans.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80184,"Fox News host Tucker Carlson almost bit off more than he could chew Monday night when he tried to go head to head with “Science Guy” Bill Nye over climate change. The combative Fox host pressed Nye to explain why people shouldn’t be skeptical about climate change, with the popular science explainer telling Carlson, “Climate change denial is denial.” “The evidence for climate change is overwhelming,” Nye told an open-mouthed Carlson. “So we’re looking for an explanation for why you guys are having so much trouble with this.”

“We’re not having trouble with it at all,” Carlson quipped, and added, “it’s just that YOU guys are going on and on about these supposed dangers of climate change that you’re making it into a conspiracy theory bigger than the one about us never having landed on the Moon. I don’t know if you realize this, but you’re giving so much material to conspiracy theorists that you’ve actually begun shifting the focus of the public from burning questions that have to do with things like national security, foreign policy, terrorism, and even the recent presidential election – all because you won’t shut up about some supposed theory that our way of life is destroying the planet. I’m not a scientist, but somehow I gather that not only has this planet been here long before we came along, but that it will also be here long after we’re gone.”

He angrily continued, “And then you get off by saying we’re incapable of comprehending your big, fancy scientific words and expressions, when in reality, you’ve got the situation completely backwards. You’re the one who’s being narrow-minded about this entire thing, because you’re so caught up in all your calculations and data mining and supposed green house effects that you fail to realize that you’re essentially denying the option that you’re the one who’s in the wrong. You lot have gotten to the point where you’re so convinced you’re right that you’ve managed to neglect the basic rule of empirical research: always question your hypotheses. Admit it – you haven’t done that in a while, have you?” Carlson asked the celebrity scientist.

“Far be it for me to say anything bad about science – especially since it’s the reason we’re able to live such evolved lives today – but riddle me this: if you scientists are so all-knowing and incapable of making mistakes, why is it, then, that the Soviets beat us to launching the first satellite into orbit, as well as sending the first human into space? If you guys are so smart and incredibly accurate in your theories every single time, how come you’ve made so many mistakes? And those are just two examples out of a myriad of scientific failures. ‘But we were the first to land on the Moon,’ you’ll say. Sure – if that’s not another conspiracy theory – but what’s been going on since? Oh, I know – you’ve stopped trying to get us to Mars or Venus and have, instead, started bitching about climate change. That’s a peculiar turn of events, wouldn’t you say?” the host concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80833,"SAN JUAN — Puerto Rico voted this past election to become the 51st state in the union. The move was not done for financial reasons – the US has a national debt of about sixteen trillion dollars or $$51,000 per person – or political reasons – the US has massive troop commitments abroad and is perceived to be a dying superpower – but rather because of the island’s deep seeded love for petty partisan bickering.

Puerto Ricans for years have had to watch factual, non-ideological newscasts and suffered through elections driven by rational debate. The fun of doomsday babblings that Americans can regularly get from Fox News and arrogant liberal smugness peddled on MSNBC have been completely absent in the American protectorate. It should be of little surprise that Puerto Ricans long for the winner-take-all partisanship of American politics: cockfighting is often considered the island’s unofficial sport.

Jose Barrera had this to say about why he voted for statehood: “Here in Puerto Rico, I have never seen a candidate painted as a Nazi for wanting to slightly alter a social program. That sort of political theater just always looked like so much fun!”

While Puerto Ricans are excited to throw their hats into the intellectually degenerate field of American politics, top election strategist from both parties are concerned. A high-ranking official from the Republican National Committee, who asked to remain anonymous, voiced concern that “the excitement from the island is palpable, but is the experience theirs? America has a long history of running dirty political campaigns. How long will it take Puerto Ricans to learn that if you call someone a ‘communist’ they do not in fact need to be a communist, or that with enough money you can turn a war hero into a coward? We will see good old-fashioned mudslinging elections here eventually, but how many clean factual driven races will we have to endure before we get there?”

Regardless of concerns, Puerto Ricans remain ecstatic and have begun to prepare for their arrival in the American political sphere. Half the island has started wearing red and engaging in unintelligible shouting matches with the other half the island that is wearing blue and printing wallet-sized photos of Rachel Maddow.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80676,"NEW YORK — Forced to try and gain perspective on revelations made public by whistleblower Edward Snowden, Americans could not be unhappier that they have to turn to works of literature that focus on humanity amidst dystopia.

“Just tell me, should I be pissed at the government or this guy [Snowden]?” said Eric Masters, an IT expert who lives in Yonkers, N.Y. “Don’t make me have to look at a page to figure that out … like I’m some asshole high school student.”

The week that Snowden disclosed classified material on top secret NSA programs, at least three editions of George Orwell’s novel “1984” broke into Amazon’s top 200. Likewise, Ray Bradbury’s “Fahrenheit 451” hit No. 75 and Aldous Huxley’s “Brave New World” reached No. 210 on Wednesday.

“This ends with a goddamn orgy and a guy hanging himself,” said Margo Crimden, a Brooklyn native who works at Macy’s flagship store, as she waved around a copy of “Brave New World.” “So, what, I’m supposed to invite my upstairs neighbors over for a suckfest, then hope my building’s superintendent decides to take his life?”

Added a visibly frustrated Crimden, “Just eat a brick of dogshit, Huxley.”

Even President Barack Obama has referenced one of the increasingly popular titles. “In the abstract, you can complain about Big Brother and how this is a potential program run amok, but when you actually look at the details, then I think we’ve struck the right balance,” said Obama, defending the NSA’s surveillance of the Internet.

“But should I complain about Big Brother?” said Masters. “Or should I love Big Brother? Was Winston truly happy or did his individuality finally collapse beneath the weight of totalitarianism? I just spent three shitty days reading this and have gained nothing.”

Masters threw his copy of “1984” to the ground and stomped on it. “If I knew how hot I’d have to make my oven in order to burn this book, I’d do it in a second.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81805,"NEW YORK — Since his appointment as President of CNN Worldwide in November, Jeff Zucker has repeatedly stated his ambition to increase the network’s coverage of entertainment news, most recently by bumping “Anderson Cooper 360°” from its usual timeslot to make room for a new show hosted by Perez Hilton.

The “Perez Hilton Slut-Shaming Hour” will see its flashy host reporting on the juiciest Hollywood gossip, sometimes live from the source. The pilot, in which Perez Hilton analyzes Anne Hathaway’s recent “wardrobe malfunction” and compares her pubic hair unfavorably to steel wool, tested favorably among focus groups.

“The people want real, in-your-face confrontation,” said Zucker, commenting on CNN’s struggle to maintain ratings among more radical competition like Fox and MSNBC. “But not like the Syrian regime pitted against its own civilians in an endlessly bloody conflict with no potential silver lining. That’s just depressing.”

Anderson Cooper’s program, which has won and been nominated for numerous awards for its in-depth and often on-site reporting, has enjoyed an 8 pm airtime for several years, but “just can’t compete” with Hilton spuriously accusing film actors and random strangers on the street of being gay, says Zucker. As a result, Cooper’s show will air regularly at 2 am EST.

Zucker vowed to “uphold CNN’s reputation of journalistic integrity” by investing in a high-tech display system and 3-D hologram projectors, so that Hilton will be able to mock each of Hathaway’s pubes individually.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80228,"With determination and a fair amount of luck, anyone can join this fine group of inspiring lottery success stories.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80046,"Betsy DeVos sits on the board of a “brain performance” center whose physician operator claims he can treat ADHD with television Dr. Majid Fotuhi, who emigrated from his native Iran in the 1980s while disguised as a mullah, oversees treatments at Neurocore, a controversial chain of medical facilities bankrolled by President Donald Trump’s newly confirmed education secretary, reported The Daily Beast. Neurocore claims its treatment – which requires patients to watch videos such as “Frozen” or “Mad Men” on TV while hooked up to brain sensors – helps at least 90 percent of cases involving attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), depression and anxiety. Critics say the treatment isn’t effective and serves only as a placebo that gives patients unrealistic hopes and wastes time and money.

However, DeVos stands by her business partner with the same tenacity with which she stands by her new president. As a matter of fact, she has revealed plans of establishing a nationwide TV program designed to “cure gays through television” in a recent interview with The Miami Herald. “On one hand, I do understand the critics; it’s probably very difficult to realize there was a way to help ADHD patients all along; a way that works perfectly, yet requires very little investment, and that nobody though about it before we did,” she said. “I have known Dr. Fotuhi for quite some time and have the utmost confidence in his expertise. I urge everybody who doubts the work being done at Neurocore to interview past patients. Their reactions are really the only proof and reference anyone needs.”

“What’s more,” she continued, “our innovative method of treating patients is so revolutionary that we are planning on expanding our services to include a similarly groundbreaking form of homosexual conversion therapy, which is a burning issue in American society today.” Asked to elaborate further on the method in question, DeVos said that it is based on a “24-hour television program designed to influence gay peoples’ subconsciousness on a molecular level,” which will supposedly trigger a primordial reaction in the brain, causing the person to revert back to their deepest instincts, one of which is the urge to procreate. “I can assure you nothing like this has ever been attempted before,” she added.

“I can’t reveal too much at this time, since we’re going to try to patent the treatment soon, but what I can tell you is that the program will be designed to reboot the most primitive responses in the patients’ brains, causing them to revert back to their basic instincts. Higher brain functions will be preserved, of course, and the program will not affect straight people, as there is nothing wrong with their brain chemistry,” DeVos argued. “However, the program will likely include some soft pornography, just to get the homosexuals’ brains in the right mood. Eventually, through repetition, the brain will be re-trained to interpret male to female intercourse as a positive thing, ultimately triggering the genitals into a state of arousal. But, that’s about all I can tell you right now.”

“I’d also like to add that, if the gay conversion treatment becomes as successful as we believe it will, we will have broken through a barrier that’s been holding back traditional medicine for decades. After that, who knows: AIDS, schizophrenia, an entire array of mental disorders, and ultimately leukemia and cancer – the sky is the limit. Heck, if we have time, we might even tackle male pattern baldness, just for the hell of it,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79853,"Recently on “The 700 Club,” Pat Robertson once again tackled the issue of polygamy, declaring that instances of polygamy in the Bible may have been justifiable in certain historical contexts. The televangelist explained that “God didn’t change his mind” about polygamy, but that men were allowed to marry more than one woman in parts of the Bible because “a man can take care of several wives whereas one wife can’t take care of several husbands.” Robertson, who attacked same-sex marriage as unbiblical because marriage is exclusively a union between one man and one woman, then said that he didn’t know of “anything in the Bible that indicates that polygamy, as such, is against the Bible.”

“I am not about to go into the biological justification of polygamy, but it’s important to keep in mind that nature doesn’t get it wrong too often, and some would even say at all,” he argued. “If at a certain period of time there happen to be more women than men at a certain location or area, it is perfectly normal to indulge in polygamy because Mother Nature intended it to be so. Regardless of the fact that we humans always seek to justify the actions of nature according to our own so-called morals and ethics, the simple fact is that nature is not bound by such restrictive rules. On the contrary – it knows what needs to be done from a purely biological standpoint regardless of our primitive acceptance or denial of such acts.”

He continued, “The Bible is a perfect example of that in that it very clearly prohibits certain actions and practices. Therefore, it would be logical to conclude that whatever it doesn’t explicitly forbid is perfectly allowed for us to do. So, like I said, there’s nothing in the Bible about polygamy; that must mean that God approves of it, albeit, under certain conditions. However, what’s even more interesting is the fact that there’s also nothing in the Bible about pedophilia. Or, if we’re being honest, the love between an older and a much youger person that we’ve so judgingly named pedophilia and have labeled it a bad thing. Again, if nature didn’t want to allow young girls to be able to enjoy relationships with older men, it wouldn’t have made them sexually mature at a very young age.”

“Now, I know how all this sounds. It’s probably like a demon is speaking these words through me, I get that. But, this is nothing new, folks. I’m not reciting something that I think; I’m merely repeating something that’s been written thousands of years ago. Perhaps we have only now matured and evolved enough to be able to comprehend everything that’s written in the Bible in the correct way. Unfortunately, since we don’t have the luxury of a cheat sheet for the Holy Scriptures, we can’t know which way of interpreting it is correct from the first go. Hence, we’re left with the old trial-and-error approach, which is bound to lead us astray at times. Nevertheless, it is our duty to be diligent and explore every single possibility until we feel we’ve nailed it. Right now, the time has come for us to accept polygamy and pedophilia as normal, natural occurrences regardless of how disgusting they may appear to be at first,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82332,"Ted Cruz has left a meeting with Mike Pence without saying whether he will endorse or even vote for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. The Texas Republican senator and onetime rival of Trump’s has refused to endorse the billionaire. Cruz met privately with Pence in Washington and attended a lunch with the Indiana governor and a number of other Republican senators. Cruz says he had a “good and productive conversation” and a “very good meeting.” He calls Pence a “good man, a friend” and a “strong conservative.”

However, according to a source who attended the meeting, Cruz refused to endorse Trump and, instead, threw a bombshell that left most of the Republican attendees speechless: Ted Cruz plans to run against Donald Trump after all. Truth be told, he didn’t vow to do it, he merely suggested the possibility. And according to the source, the only way that would ever be possible is if it turns out the rumors are true and Hillary Clinton is prevented form running against Trump on account of her deteriorating health.

Asked to verify the allegations made by one of the attendees, who requested anonymity, Cruz initially seemed genuinely surprised, but later said, “I figured it would get out sooner or later. Might as well be sooner.” “It’s true,” the Texas Republican senator revealed, “I did make that proposition. And I made it for one simple reason – there is no way I am giving up on stopping Donald Trump from running this great country into the ground. And if I have to switch over to the Democrats to do it, then so be it.”

Cruz also went on to say that he is “very sorry” that Hillary Clinton seems to be having medical issues, as well as that that’s “one of the worst ways” for a politician to say goodbye to their career. “Still,” he added, “if I was her and I had a choice, I’d go with the health issues because she’s not strong enough to beat Trump when she’s at 100 percent, let alone now. Therefore, I’d like to make it clear: with all due respect to the Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton – if anything should happen to her that prevents her from running against Donald Trump, I agree to take her place and run against him as a full-fledged Democrat.”

“And I don’t care that some people would label that as betrayal,” he added. “This country has been through too much for us to let a Donald Trump ruin it. So, if this is what has to be done and if no one else has the guts to do it, let history remember that it was Ted Cruz who sucked it up and took one for the red team. I know it’ll be painful seeing me go, but at the end of the day, we all have to make sacrifices, or else we’ll get nowhere. Besides – Heidi tells me I look dashing in blue, and a smart man always listens to his wife. Who knows, maybe blue has always been my color and I just didn’t see it,” Cruz concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79919,"“Donald Trump, who has repeatedly accused China of stealing manufacturing jobs from the U.S., acknowledged today that an array of Trump-branded clothes, accessories and other products are made in China. The real estate and casino mogul, who is considering a run for the Republican presidential nomination, blamed China for the fact that Trump ties, Trump cufflinks and even Trump teddy bears come with a “Made in China” label.

““The answer is very simple: Because of the fact that China so manipulates their currency it makes it almost impossible for American companies to compete,” Trump told ABC News. “You see it with all of the items you are talking about. You also see it with building products. If it continues this way, America won’t have any jobs, except for taking care of the elderly.”

Asked if China was the only culprit for the fact that the American economy continues to struggle, Trump stated: “Not in the least. There are a number of different problems, but two in particular stand out. China is the first one. The second one is Obama.”

While elaborating on his remarks, Trump turned to elementary economics to prove his point. “Basically, there are two sides to everything. The most obvious examples are supply and demand. Without demand, there is no supply and vice versa. Now, if it’s Chinese companies that are increasingly supplying Americans with what they need, that means American companies might as well stop working. But, on the other hand, when people don’t have enough money to pay for high-quality products such as the ones made in America, then demand for American products goes down, and demand for lame-ass, low-quality cheap stuff manufactured in China goes up.”

The reporter then asked Trump what that has to do with president Obama, to which the mogul replied: “Well, why do you think Americans can’t afford American products anymore? Because they’re spending all of their hard-earned money on health insurance fathered by our glorious Democratic president. That man is equally dangerous for Americans as the Chinese.”

“Trump hammered at China again Wednesday during a visit to New Hampshire. “China is raping this country,” Trump told employees at Wilcox Industries, which makes tactical equipment for U.S. military forces.

“But, at the same time Trump was speaking in New Hampshire, his Trump Store (in the lobby of the Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in NYC) was contributing to the growth of Chinese manufacturing, arguably at the expense of American workers, selling $$80 Trump-branded cotton sweaters and $$70 Trump-branded warm-up tops, all made in China. Also available with the made in China tag: golf hats stamped with the Trump crest and stuffed animals.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81810,"ATLANTA — In a shocking move that reverberated throughout the radio industry, Cumulus Media Chairman, President, and CEO Lewis Dickey today announced that Cumulus Radio, the second-largest broadcaster in America, will be dropping both Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity from its stations by the end of the year due to the two hosts’ appalling lack of programming centered around the sexual exploits of lesbians.

“While we value Rush and Sean as true radio talents, we can no longer afford to support programs that refuse to contain graphic descriptions of hot girl-on-girl action, which our focus groups have time and again shown to be the only thing anyone listening to talk radio gives a damn about,” said Dickey.

The announcement comes after rumors abounded that Limbaugh was considering ending his relationship with Cumulus himself because he was insulted when Dickey indirectly blamed Limbaugh and his Fluke remarks for Cumulus’s reported $$2.4 million first quarter revenue decline.

However, Dickey insisted that the decision to drop the two extreme right-wing radio talk show hosts had nothing to with the concerted effort by the organization StopRush, which began contacting advertisers and asking them to pull their ads from Limbaugh’s show after his infamous on-air remarks degrading Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke in February of 2012. To date the campaign has convinced over 2,600 advertisers to remove their ads from Limbaugh’s show. “No, No. This is about lesbians,” he said. “We need more lesbians.”

Dickey went on to vividly describe the type of programming that scores well in the company’s focus group testing. “Women talking about intimate encounters with other women, about exploring each other’s bodies, about the thrill of discovering ways to pleasure one another without the need of a male. That stuff is ratings gold,” he explained. “Jabbering on about taxes and the national debt? Snoozeville.”

Fellow conservative radio host Mike Huckabee, whose show is being considered as a replacement for Limbaugh’s slot on Cumulus stations, feels it may be time for Limbaugh to step aside. “Yes, Rush has millions of dittoheads tuning in every day to hear him bitch and moan about Democrats and President Obama, but, well, they’re an old audience, and they’re starting to die,” he said. “Kids today want to listen to someone who understands who they are, what they want, and exactly why Obama is evil incarnate. That’s where I come in. That’s what I give them on my show

“That and lesbians,” he added. “Lots and lots of lesbians.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
40776,"WASHINGTON – According to the Department of Commerce, real GDP increased by only 0.1 percent during the last quarter, the weakest reported economic growth since the end of 2012. While many have been trying to pinpoint the underlying cause, the nation’s top economists remain steadfast in believing the frigid winter is to blame.

Indeed, it has been the coldest December to February stretch in four years. “You’d be delusional to think that wouldn’t affect people’s spending patterns…what they’re deciding to buy, how much they’re spending on utilities, like heat, and whether or not they want to have dinner at the new Brazilian grill in Rittenhouse,” reported University of Pennsylvania Economics Professor Mark Burkowitz.

In the last quarter of 2013, real GDP grew by 2.6 percent, a 2.5 percentage point decrease in economic growth during a winter that caused 91% of the Great Lakes to be frozen by early March.

“When it’s that cold, people are just going to be more inclined to stay in and watch a movie by themselves, no matter how many times you ask Marcia if she’d like to go to the opera with you,” said John Ryding, Chief Economist at RDQ Economics LLC. “Even if you offer to have a driver pick her up and promise her that she wouldn’t have to wait outside for the tickets because you’d already bought them, she’s still going to say it’s too cold outside and she’d rather just stay in.”

Economists polled by Reuters had expected a 1.2 percent growth rate, while IHS forecasted a more modest growth of 0.7 percent. Both were blown out of the water by the actual dismal 0.1 percent figure.

When asked why the real rate was so far off the marks, IHS Global Economist Paul Edelstein said, “Sometimes our predictions are wrong. It’s part of the job. It’s part of being human. For instance going into January I thought, conservatively, I’d be looking at two dates a month. I ended up only going on one date which actually ended prematurely. You can’t predict cold weather’s economic effects and you can’t predict when your date’s going to receive a call in the bathroom that her sister’s car broke down on the highway.”

Not all analysts are convinced the weather entirely explains the dispiriting figure. Some think there are deeper issues inherent in the country’s handling of economic policy that must be addressed. Canada’s GDP, for instance, has reportedly grown 2.5 percent over the same time period.

“Yes, there are some out there who think the economic sluggishness has been caused by over-regulation, concerns about conditions internationally, or a retreat in factory expansion,” Edelstein admitted. “And yes, maybe more women would be willing to go on dates with you if you were less socially awkward or had better personal hygiene or didn’t spend a paragraph in your Match.com profile talking about New Trade Theory, but I think anyone looking at the world through an objective lens would realize the weather’s to blame here.”

Economists are more optimistic about the second quarter, predicting GDP growth of approximately 3 percent as well as eight dates per economist, with possibly more depending on how often they use Tinder.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
83314,“Only in America can a kid that comes from slaves grow up to be the President responsible for embarrassing his country”,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80944,"WASHINGTON — Taking a page from the NFL’s playbook, on Friday Congress hosted its first ever “Scared Straight” seminar to warn freshman members about the pitfalls of sexting and governance. Keynote speakers Anthony Weiner and Chris Lee, both of whom resigned following embarrassing sexting scandals, addressed the incoming congressmen about the dangers and temptations that come with life as an intensely scrutinized, physically-fit public figure.

Lee, who resigned in February of 2011 after sending a shirtless photo of himself to a woman on Craigslist, emphasized the importance of public accountability and discretion.

“As a representative of the American people, you have a responsibility to make sure you’re acting in the best interest of your constituents at all times,” said Lee. “And if you do feel the need to send pictures of your P-90X body to women on Craigslist, for Christ’s sake, at least make sure they’re from the neck down.”

Weiner echoed his former colleague’s sentiments, noting how easy it can be to lose your sense of right in wrong in Washington.

“I know how it is,” said Weiner. “You arrive as a freshman congressman on top of the world. You begin sharing oddly angled pictures of your genitalia with young, attractive females. You accidentally tweet one of them to all of your followers instead of just her, conservative bloggers take note, and next thing you know your face is on the cover of the New York Post with wiener puns in the headline. It can happen to anyone.”

Other seminar events included proper prophylactic use, the dangers of bipartisan cooperation, and a ceremonial hazing.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81014,"EUROPE — Europeans are finding themselves in the incredibly ironic position of calling for Germany to grow bigger and stronger.

“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but we need more Germans,” said Felipe Renoir, who was a boy in France when Germany invaded the country in World War II.

Germany has since transformed into the largest economy in Europe, but the country’s population is dwindling. In its last census, the country’s population had shrunk by 1.5 million inhabitants. By 2060, some experts predict the population could decrease an additional 19 percent, to about 66 million. Aside from leaving important jobs unfilled, the demographics of the country will continue to get older, putting more pressure on social services and the economy. A poor Germany economy has rippling effects throughout Europe, hence the call for “more Germans.”

Some other European countries are also dealing with a dwindling population, but Germany’s crisis is among the most dramatic, and has the greatest impact.

The situation has had a marked impact on the type of humor Europeans use to deal with it.

Johann Glitz, a Swiss comedian, said, “Back in the ‘60s and ‘70s, when Germany was rebuilding into a super-power, sarcasm was all the rage. ‘Oh, great. Just what we need. More Germans,’ you’d hear everyone say. And when their population started leveling off, everyone would go, ‘Oh, what a shame.’ But now that we actually need them to grow in size, irony has clearly overtaken sarcasm.”

Glitz noted that everything about the situation is ironic. Not only are neighboring countries alarmed at the decrease in the German population, and the fact that the one time “master race” doesn’t seem willing or able to reproduce itself, but Germany has been increasingly trying to recruit “the best and brightest” from surrounding countries, and is attempting to adapt its culture to make it more hospitable to foreign workers.

Said Glitz, “In other words, Germany is inviting foreigners to ‘occupy’ it, and the country that epitomized cultural purity as an ideal is bastardizing itself in order to keep itself viable. God, it’s a good thing ‘irony’ isn’t poisonous, because if it were, the country would be one giant gas chamber. Speaking of irony.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80666,"DALLAS, Texas — In an unprecedented act of charity, the American Heart Association has decided to put a team of paramedics on standby outside of Matt Drudge’s house on election day.

This type of good will is outside of the AHA’s normal procedures, but executives believe that given Drudge’s influence over the media, the move is essential for the well-being of American journalism.

“If Barack Obama wins re-election, there is a strong chance that Matt Drudge will have a heart attack,” said AHA chief executive Nancy Brown. “Since every news organization just checks Drudge and re-writes the most ‘clicky’ stories, his good health is essential for the survival of journalism.”

On any given day, millions of visitors can see pictures of Barack Obama eating babies, and Mitt Romney carrying elderly women across the street. His headlines like: “Obama Vows To Reinstate Nazi Germany” and “Genealogists Discover Romney Is Direct Descendant Of God” aim to influence voter opinion as forcefully as possible.

The AHA will dispatch a team of paramedics to Drudge’s Miami apartment on the morning of Election Day, and they will be equipped with everything necessary to save him from a stroke or heart attack. The paramedics also vow to stay on standby no matter how long it takes to announce a presidential winner.

In response to the AHA’s generosity, Drudge said he would rather have a heart attack and die if Obama wins re-election, but he appreciates the AHA’s support anyway.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80263,"During a recent interview with The Intercept, Oklahoma State Rep. Justin Humphrey (R) insisted that if a woman is “irresponsible” enough to get an abortion, then she should only be considered “a host” for the fetus. Humphrey is supporting a bill that would ban women from getting an abortion without the permission of the father. In the original bill, fathers were forced to pay child support, but that portion of it has since been removed to focus on the rights of fathers. “I believe one of the major problems in our society today is the fact that we have excluded the man out of making all these types of decisions,” Humphrey insisted.

He continued, “There’s a very good reason why only mentally mature people should be allowed to have children. At the same time, what we have today in a great number of cases across the country is a situation in which children make a mistake and conceive other children without having first reached a mental stage in which they’re able to act the way adult parents should.” Humphrey also went on to argue that women, “and especially young girls,” who allow themselves the stupidity of getting pregnant because of a mistake “don’t deserve to be called mothers.” “The word ‘mother’ used to mean something in this country,” he added. “It used to signify the single most important person in one’s life. And now it’s been reduced to a mere biological term.”

“Pregnant women, and especially women who’ve gotten pregnant just because they wanted to have some fun, simply cannot be trusted,” Humphrey said. “It is a condition that can be as blinding as it is wonderful. A woman’s body changes because of it, the organism transforms completely. Their hormones go off the rails and have all sorts of manifestations. And you’re trying to tell me that women that are thrown into such mental torment should be allowed to decide what happens to their unborn child? That would be just like putting a serial child molester and rapist in a room filled with innocent, little girls and trusting him to make the right decision just because he promised he’d behave. It’s completely idiotic.”

“A pregnant woman craves pickles one minute and then switches over to chocolate the next – you really think someone like that is capable of making a rational decision when it comes to the fate of an innocent, unborn child? We have a duty to protect children from such hosts. Because, you see, stupidity very rarely breeds wisdom; most of the time, in fact, in only breeds more and more stupidity. If a woman is stupid enough to get pregnant and then have an abortion, what’s to stop her from doing the same thing all over again, more than once? Are we going to allow stupid women in this country to become serial baby-killers? Is that what the future generations should look up to, assuming we even have any future generations?” he opined.

“Don’t get me wrong,” the Oklahoma State Rep. went on the defensive for a moment. “I still believe women are the best thing about our existence; their ability to carry new life is nothing short of miraculous. I just hate it when they take such a gift for granted and decide to extinguish life instead of nurturing it. If I was a woman, believe me, I’d be out there popping out kids like a conveyer belt. That’s what’s really pissing me off about this whole issue; some women, who’d make wonderful mothers, can’t conceive, while others who can choose to commit murder for selfish reasons. Some girls just ought to be flat out neutered; if they can’t make the smart decision on their own, we’ll be more than glad to do it for them,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81574,"ASHBURN, Va. — After his Bed Bath & Beyond wedding gift registry went viral and was filled mostly by fans, Washington Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III, aka “RGIII,” has stated that had he known so many people would be willing to give him anything he wanted, he would have asked for a trade. Speaking to a […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81823,"PALM BEACH, Fla. – According to witnesses, conservative radio personalities Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity—whose shows will soon be dropped from Cumulus Radio—filed for federal unemployment benefits today. Though disguised as a male prostitute and an African American woman, respectively, Limbaugh and Hannity were easily recognized by the workers at their local unemployment offices, who say the pundits “may be talented propagandists, but could use some acting lessons.”

Witnesses say that Limbaugh—the most listened-to radio talk show host in America, with a weekly audience of 15 million—entered the local Palm Beach, Florida unemployment office around 9:15 this morning, wearing a “a silk robe over a leopard print thong, demanding food stamps and his unemployment check.” “Apparently he thought that’s what male prostitute’s wear,” one witness told Newslo. “But I can tell you from personal experience that his version was a gross characterization.”

“After we realized who he was, [Limbaugh] threatened to ‘go all Sandra Fluke’ on us if we didn’t pay up,” Amy Hendricks, a secretary at the office, recounted. “When that didn’t work, he wept and told us he had a drug problem, and needed the money to score.”

In New York, Sean Hannity reportedly attempted a similar ruse, disguising himself as a “single black mother,” complete with a wig and black-face. After being discovered, when workers noticed that “his children” were cabbage-patch dolls, Hannity reportedly explained the outfit by saying that he “didn’t think anyone would believe that a good looking white man like me would need unemployment assistance.”

Limbaugh and Hannity were presumably reacting to news that they will soon be out of work. On Monday, reports surfaced suggesting that Cumulous Radio—the second-largest radio broadcaster in America—will be dropping both Limbaugh and Hannity from its stations due to “failed contract negotiations” with the hosts. Although Limbaugh has publicly suggested that feeding the unemployed makes them lazy, he said that “most unemployed people don’t need the kind of food intake I do, so in my case it’s okay.” Hannity too has criticized the unemployment insurance program in the past (once implying that it was unnecessary because poor people should be able to survive on “beans and rice”). But Hannity explained his behavior by saying that he paid “lots of [his own] hard-earned cash” into the program’s coffers while he was “raking in the millions,” and so felt he deserved to get his money back.

Witnesses say that neither man succeeded in filing for benefits, although they managed to convince everyone in the building that “being out of work in America truly is a nightmare.”

“I mostly felt embarrassed for Rush,” said Ken Hastings, 32, a Palm Beach resident who is currently unemployed and witnessed the encounter. “He’s used to throwing a fit and getting what he wants. In fact, this is probably the first time that acting like a whore hasn’t worked for him.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79914,"“In the recent Republican presidential debate, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson said he would base a new tax system on the biblical system of tithing. “I think God is a pretty fair guy,” he said. “And he said, you know, if you give me a tithe, it doesn’t matter how much you make. If you’ve had a bumper crop, you don’t owe me triple tithes. And if you’ve had no crops at all, you don’t owe me no tithes. So there must be something inherently fair about that.”

“He added: “And that’s why I’ve advocated a proportional tax system. You make $$10 billion, you pay a billion. You make $$10, you pay one. And everybody gets treated the same way. And you get rid of the deductions, you get rid of all the loopholes.”

“But, more importantly,” Carson went on, “the system of tithing would just be the beginning. An introduction, if you will. Because, sooner or later, people would find ways to cheat it and the whole system would inevitably be thrown out of balance once again. That’s why I believe that a tax system based on sin would be a more permanent, cheat-proof solution.”

Asked to elaborate, Carson said: “Well, basically, the system would work something like this: taxes would be calculated at the end of each tax year, or fiscal period, we would decide that later on, and then a person’s earnings would be compared and weighed against the amount or number of sins they have committed during the said tax period. Basically, the number of sins a person commits would be translated into a tax.”

The neurosurgeon-turned-presidential-candidate also added that the exact amount of sin one commits would have to be measured by “some sort of religious test.” “I’m not a priest or a minister, so I’m less familiar with the methodology of religious tools and the way in which they’re used, but I’m sure we would have no trouble finding or even developing an accurate test and measure of people’s wrongful actions. As a matter of fact, that’s the first thing I plan to do if I’m elected president.”

“After all, religion in general, and Christianity in particular, does have a proven track record of judging believers unmistakably for their sinful behavior, right?” Carson opined.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81965,"WASHINGTON — Striving to come up with a filibuster reform package to bring to the Senate Floor, Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) today ran a few of his more unorthodox ideas by his Democratic colleagues. These ideas included forcing the filibustering senator to remove one article of clothing for every 30 minutes they continue to filibuster, while surrounded by angry clowns who scream at and blow horns in the filibusterer’s face.

Reaction was mixed. “On one hand, I’m really intrigued by his concept of only allowing filibusters during a full moon,” said New York Senator Charles Schumer. “But on the other hand, that angry clown thing totally freaks me out.”

“He’s certainly thinking outside of the box,” said Oregon Senator Jeff Merkely, who has been fighting for filibuster reform for a number of years. “We were really just asking for some common sense rules, like instituting the Talking Filibuster, where any Senator who wishes to filibuster a bill must remain on the floor of the Senate and defend his position. How Harry got from there to his Singing Filibuster proposal, I have no idea.”

Republicans were understandably upset at some of Reid’s ideas. “The filibuster is about protecting the rights of the minority,” said a flummoxed Senator John McCain (R-AZ). “They were never meant to have anything to do with cattle prods. Some of us have heart conditions, you know.”

With the Democratic caucus holding 55 of the Senate’s 100 seats, the conventional wisdom is that some form of filibuster reform will be introduced, whether it be of the non-binding, please-don’t-filibuster-so-much, handshake variety or the if-you-so-much-as-try-and-filibuster-we-will-ruin-you variety is yet to be seen.

“The Republicans have abused the filibuster for too long, so if they want to keep gumming up the works, we oughta make them suffer,” said Senator Tom Udall (D-NM), another long-time filibuster reform activist. “Personally, I’m all for Harry’s stripping requirement. Especially if [New Hampshire Senator Kelly ]Ayotte gets up there. She’s a hottie.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81315,"HOLLYWOOD — Entertainment journalists everywhere feigned incredulousness and shock as the 2013 Academy Awards nominations were announced Thursday morning. While the world of entertainment stood by drooling in anticipation for their favorites being honored, journalists hoped some of the popular picks would be shut out so they would be able to add dramatic flair to their reporting.

“I was hoping that Ben Affleck wouldn’t be nominated for directing ‘Argo’,” said Access Hollywood’s Billy Bush. “I mean, he’s a great guy and he deserved to be nominated, but I have spent thousands of dollars rehearsing with a coach to perfect my head shakes, ‘tsks’ and ‘No Ben Affleck’ speech for a week now. I’m glad I took that gamble”.

Extra’s Mario Lopez agreed, “thank GOD John Hawkes was shut out of the Best Actor category. He’s been touted all year, I mean, really built up. I’ve been practicing holding my mouth agape in mock horror for months now and I finally get to use it!”

Until the Oscars air on February 24th, entertainment reporters will be practicing their stunned reactions and hoping Daniel Day Lewis is robbed of his third Academy Award. “That would just be golden,” said Billy Bush. “So, so golden.”

Here’s a list of shut outs from this year’s nominees, so you can pretend to be appalled (don’t worry if you haven’t seen many of them, neither has anyone else):

Best Picture:

Moonrise Kingdom

Something popular, like The Hobbit

Skyfall

The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel

Best Actor:

John Hawkes, The Sessions

Actor who played a cripple

Richard Gere, Arbitrage

Bill Murray, Hyde Park On Hudson

Best Actress:

Marion Cotillard, Rust and Bone

Helen Mirren, Hitchcock

Meryl Streep, In anything

Whoever played a hooker

Best Supporting Actress:

Any of the other women besides Anne Hathaway, Les Miserables

Judy Dench, Skyfall

Nicole Kidman, The Paperboy

Best Supporting Actor:

Javier Bardem, Skyfall

An older, British actor with 20 nominations and no wins

Ewan McGregor, The Impossible

Leonardo DiCaprio, Django Unchained

Best Director:

“Always overlooked, man!” Quentin Taratino, Django Unchained

Ben Affleck, Argo

Katherine Bigelow, Zero Dark Thirty

Peter Jackson, The Hobbit

Tom Hooper, Les Miserables",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80446,"FAIRFAX, Va. — Following the Connecticut elementary school shooting that left 27 innocents dead, the NRA released a statement over the weekend demanding more stringent journalistic standards from American news outlets. While acknowledging the tragedy of the shooting itself, the NRA has suggested that the “liberal media” veered too quickly from meditations on the immediate tragedy at hand to promoting their “anti-gun platform.”

The release cited the fact that news outlets as wide-ranging as NPR, The New York Post, and Fox News have all dedicated hours to the possibility of a need for stricter gun control laws in an effort to find reason and purpose amidst the chaos in the hopes of preventing this kind of catastrophe from devastating communities in the future.

“The problem here isn’t gun control, it’s journalism control,” read the statement. “If these social media-obsessed news outlets didn’t try to report so quickly, we would be in a much better position. It’s not even just the goddamn Huffington Post this time. Shame on Fox News for approaching this issue with an atypically measured tone and a reasoned, compassionate approach to both sides of this emotionally charged issue. We expect them to support the gun lobby unquestioningly, or at least help us prevent this imminent national discussion that is sure to provoke legislative measures which we will not support.”

“How dare journalists suggest that a tragedy of this proportion should generate an open, considered dialogue on an issue we’ve been sweeping under the rug for the past decade?” Said NRA Executive Director Kayne Robinson in an interview following the statement’s release. “This kind of heartbreaking disaster should generate sympathy for the victims, sure, but only in the form of a special televised tribute or maybe a donation drive for needy kids in the area. There’s no need to turn this into an event that makes us address one of the core problems that caused this whole mess in the first place. We need to stop people from shooting off at the mouth in the wake of this tragedy.”

After an awkward moment, he added. “No pun intended.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81738,"NEW ORLEANS — In a letter addressed to thousands of Northeasterners affected by Hurricane Sandy, New Orleans residents urged victims of the October, 2012 storm to “get used to the awful conditions in which [they’re] now living,” because help is “certainly not on its way.”

Three months after Hurricane Sandy devastated the Caribbean and the eastern United States, thousands are still without basic amenities like running water and electricity, and many who lost homes in the storm have been living in so-called “tent cities,” refugee camps where resources are scarce. The letter, which was mass mailed Saturday, seeks to give victims “a big-ass reality check.”

“We know you’re hopeful that someone—be it the government or bands of private citizens—will come to your rescue soon,” the letter read in part. “But listen up: You’ve got to get over that wide-eyed, childish optimism. Instead, abandon all hope. Better just get used to living without water and heat—or in a freakin’ tent—because that shit ain’t gonna change any time soon.”

“Take it from us,” the New Orleanians wrote, “we’ve been there.”

“It’s been over seven years since Katrina bitch-slapped us all up and down,” the letter went on, “and we’ve got neighborhoods that still look like Aleppo on a bad day. Just be thankful they didn’t move you into Giant Stadium. Rivers of urine and rampant violence make getting your life back together that much more challenging.”

The letter acknowledged that Congress recently, though belatedly, approved a $$50 billion relief package for Sandy’s victims, but said, “don’t let that fool you. That money will be clogged up in a bureaucratic labyrinth for the next few generations. Meanwhile, you’ll be eating dinner out of garbage cans and burning stray cats for warmth. Welcome to your new life.”

Amy Thurman, who has been living in a tent city outside of Oceanport, New Jersey since early November, received her letter yesterday and said it was a “nice gesture.” “I admit it,” she told Newslo, “I was still getting up every morning and thinking, ‘Today could be the day things get better.’ But the New Orleanians made me realize we’re all basically fucked. Now I’m resigned to my fate, at least. Hey, are you gonna eat that dead pigeon over there? Wanna split it?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80474,"NEW YORK — Millions of TV viewers were duped Sunday night into watching a CBS special celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Beatles’ legendary appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show, mistaking it for the mid-season premiere of The Walking Dead which also aired Sunday night. Those who have admitted to being fooled say that the horrifying sensation produced by watching carcasses move about, as if they still held life inside their decaying flesh, is to blame for the confusion.

“I saw these bloated corpses prancing around on my screen, and I was like, ‘Finally, the wait for new “Walking Dead” episodes is over,’” recalled Allen Lewis of Burbank, California. “Then one of the zombies broke into ‘Hey Jude,’ and suddenly I realized I was watching a Beatles tribute show.”

Paul McCartney, 71, and Ringo Starr, 73, reunited for the anniversary concert “The Night That Changed America: A Grammy Salute to The Beatles.” The geriatric rockers are still active in the music industry.

“My first thought was ‘Geeze, they really went for broke with the gross-out factor this season,’” said Carl Kaufmann of Salem, Oregon. “Then a subtitle popped up on the screen, saying I was looking at Ringo Starr. I should have known; even the wizards at AMC couldn’t dream up horrors like that.”

The brief viewing mishap notwithstanding, Jamie Harrison of Lawrence, Massachusetts offered high praise for the new “Walking Dead” episode, noting that he hadn’t “yelled so frantically at people on TV to flee while they still could” since he watched the Red Hot Chili Peppers play the Super Bowl halftime show.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
40764,"President Trump’s personal lawyer offered a contradictory and partially inaccurate defense of his client after James Comey’s testimony on Thursday, accusing the former FBI director of lying under oath before Congress and suggesting he should be criminally investigated for sharing memos he drafted about his private conversations with Trump. Mark Kasowitz, a Manhattan-based corporate attorney and longtime legal fixer for Trump, began by touting the parts of Comey’s testimony that favored the president. He cited Comey’s assertions he hadn’t seen evidence that Russian hacking affected any vote counts and that Trump himself wasn’t a target of FBI investigation when Trump fired Comey on May 9.

“And that’s the thing – where do you get the idea to start investigating the President of the United States?” Kasowitz argued. “You’re not the head of Homeland Security, you’re not the head of the NSA, you’re a semi-valuable director of a semi-valuable federal bureau that was meant to follow orders and catch the real bad guys, not bite the hand that feeds it. But, I suppose Comey isn’t the only one to blame for what’s happening right now. It pains me to admit it, but part of the blame lies with Donald Trump as well, because he failed to do what he was supposed to. To be perfectly clear: while I understand the reasons why the president acted the way he did, I can’t agree with the measures he took to address the issue of former FBI director Comey.”

Asked to elaborate, Kasowitz said, “Far be it for me to question something done by the president, but if you’re asking for my personal opinion, I have no problem talking about it. I think Donald Trump made a mistake when he fired James Comey. Or, rather, the mistake was made when he stopped at simply firing Comey. What he should have done was arrest him and throw him in jail for the rest of his life for daring to behave in such a disrespectful way. I personally believe that was his duty as the commander in chief and failure to do so resulted in the situation we are now faced with. This entire media fiasco could have been avoided had Donald Trump done the commander in chief-ly thing and opted for the harshest possible punishment for Comey.”

“Why would anyone in their right mind want to cut the branch they’re sitting on, is what I still can’t wrap my head around. What was Comey hoping for, what was his end game that caused him to act like that with the president and then play a similar game with Hillary Clinton? I know these are questions which only James Comey himself can answer, but I’m not sure that’s ever going to happen. Bottom line, Comey belongs in solitary confinement at some blacksite not one knows about, because that’s the punishment for those who want to blackmail the president. I’m not saying that’s what he wanted, but then again, it’s kind of hard to ignore the facts,” Kasowitz concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80779,"SPOKANE, Wash – Spokane Police say that Demetrius Glenn, the suspect arrested and charged with the killing of 88-year-old WWII veteran Delbert Belton, has claimed self-defense and may receive a provisional release from custody pending further evidence in the case.

Police have yet to apprehend a second suspect in the case that they identified as Kenan Adams-Kinard, a 16-year-old African American male.

Glenn admitted to police during questioning that he and Adams-Kinard robbed and killed Belton, whose street name is “Shorty,” but he claims the two felt threatened before confronting Belton.

The incident took place outside of the Eagles Lodge in Spokane, an area frequented by veterans with violent histories stemming from their involvement in WWII.

“It does appear random. He was in the parking lot, it appears he was assaulted in the parking lot and there was no indication that he would have known these people prior to the assault,” Spokane Police Major Crimes Detective Lieutenant Mark Griffiths said.

Griffiths added, “On the other hand, the Spokane Police Department must honor the suspect’s claim to self-defense. We are currently awaiting more evidence to get a better understanding of who instigated the attack.”

A background check on Belton revealed that he was in an altercation during the Battle of Okinawa and suffered a gunshot wound to the leg.

Friends say he had a habitual pool habit, which he was on his way to indulge before the alleged attack.

Neighbors say that the two boys were “fixtures in the community.” Adams-Kinard’s Facebook page revealed he is a junior Lewis and Clarke High School and loves the rapper Chief Keef.

Some witnesses claimed to have seen Glenn and Adams-Kinard beat Belton with heavy flashlights, but another witness said that the light was disorienting and that the boys may have been defending themselves.

Police discovered a cut on Glenn’s hand during his arrest, presumably from contact with Belton’s body.

Several Facebook pages have been created that call for “Justice for Delbert Belton,” along with a “We the People” petition urging President Obama to publically address the incident, as white people everywhere are talking about how nobody is talking about the fact that the suspects are black and the victim was white.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80668,"WASHINGTON — Vice President Joe Biden is one fellatio away from surpassing Bill Clinton as the nation’s most popular living politician, according to a new Gallup poll.

When asked how he could increase his popularity, more than 70% of respondents said Biden should publicize the last time he received oral sex. The pollsters suggest that, since married women generally do not perform oral sex, Biden has to receive fellatio in an extramarital affair to gain ground on Clinton. Participants further specified that receiving oral sex from a 20-year-old intern would garner more popularity points than receiving oral sex from a 50-year-old donor.

President Clinton is not fazed by the study’s findings. “First of all,” stated Clinton, “Monica isn’t the only intern that blew me. Plus, I’ve got video from my week at the Playboy Mansion and two trips to Thailand that will keep me in the number one spot for eternity.”

The study took two weeks to conduct and polled over 50,000 people across the country on three questions: Who are the two most popular living politicians in America? Why are they popular? And how can the second most popular politician become the most popular? Participants were also given a free response section where they could express their opinions of politicians’ popularity.

“It’s time that somebody raises the bar in political sex scandals,” said one participant. “Clinton set the standard back in the 90s, but it hasn’t progressed since then. The fact that we see naked male politicians all the time and haven’t seen one naked female politician or a hot sex tape proves that this government is out of touch with the people.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79976,"Of all the voices crusading against the so-called “War on Christmas,” perhaps no TV personality has lent their star power to the fight against encroaching secular influence that Fox News host Bill O’Reilly has. On Thursday, the O’Reilly Factor host called out the “companies that kind of marginalized Christmas” this year by failing to use the word in their holiday advertisements and promotions, including Best Buy, Barnes & Noble and Victoria’s Secret. “Those companies are not in the Christmas spirit,” O’Reilly complained. “And that’s bad news for them, because Donald Trump is on the case.”

The pundit argued that the companies in question will be “forced to send employees to religious classes” if they continue to avoid greeting their customers with the words “Merry Christmas.” “They’ve got a lot of nerve,” he said. “The vast majority of the people that frequent their stores are Christians, traditional Americans and people who respect and honor these sort of traditions. And when you, as a company that’s making money directly off of your customers, refuse to adopt the same values and traditions as your market, you’re done. I know it sounds cruel, but that’s just the name of the game.”

“And while we’re on the subject,” O’Reilly continued, “that’s also one of the things I have a problem with in American society as of late. We’re a nation of immigrants, bla bla bla, everybody already knows the whole story. However, the whole point of America is, we’re supposed to be always accepting new immigrants, which we’re doing, by the boatloads, but at the same time, we’re also supposed to be assimilating them into American society. After a period of time, they’re supposed to become Americans, not stay whatever they were before they came here. And that also goes for religion, as well.”

The host also added, “And before someone calls me up and accuses me of being bigoted, let me just say that I don’t think all naturalized Americans should be Christians. Everybody here is completely entitled to their own religious freedom. However, that doesn’t change the fact that the majority of the people born in this country are, in fact, Christians. And given that it’s our country, not that of our immigrant new citizens – we ought to be greeted with ‘Merry Christmas’ when we walk into the aforementioned stores to spend our hard earned money. And when our immigrant citizens greet us there as part of their jobs, they should remember that they came to work to America, not the other way around.”

“And if the aforementioned companies don’t start instructing their employees to use ‘Merry Christmas’ as an official greeting soon, they are going to be forced to send their employees off to religious training lessons and classes, where they will be trained in everything Christianity stands for. And that’s going to be the hard way to solve this problem, since the easy way is not likely to work – I can see that even now. So, either companies teach their off-the-books immigrant workers to pronounce the words ‘Merry Christmas’ when they see a white American person walking into their store, or Uncle Sam is going to do it for them. And trust me, guys – you’re not going to like what Uncle Sam has planned. I can’t tell you all the details, but I’m fairly certain it’ll include the words ‘water’ and ‘boarding’ at some point,” O’Reilly concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80153,"On Saturday night, Comedy Central taped the “Roast of Rob Lowe,” and even though the actor experienced the brunt of the burns, Ann Coulter was targeted with some of the most brutal. SNL’s Pete Davidson went as far as referring to Coulter as a “racist c**t,” and comedian Jimmy Carr did not hold back, calling Coulter “one of the most repugnant, hateful, hatchet-face bitches alive.” “It’s not too late to change, Ann,” said Carr. “You could kill yourself.”

Even though she admitted she was expecting it, Coulter told Breitbart News that “it wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be,” and that everybody who made fun of her are actually “pathetic, little excuses for comedians that base all of their work on making fun of people who are the only ones capable of calling things what they really are.” “First of all, let me say that I don’t hold a grudge, I’m not that type of person. Everybody’s fair game, that’s just how things work. But I will ask you this: when push comes to shove and difficult choices need to be made, who’d you rather have in charge, me or that spasm-face little weasel by the name of Jimmy Carr?” Coulter said.

“That’s right,” the conservative author continued. “And for the record, I don’t know where all these people get off calling me a racist, but I’ll have you know I have tons of black men sexting me 24/7, I’m talking non-stop round the clock invitations to action. And while I’m not particularly fond of pictures of strange men’s genitals, especially if they’re black, there’s an important point to be made here. And that point is as follows: if there are black men out there who are dreaming of me in all sorts of ways, that means that they like me. And if they like me, how can I be racist?” Coulter somehow deduced.

She added, “So, at the end of the day, I’m constantly being subjected to…oh sorry, I just got a text…yup, another d*c pic…oh my, that’s some pic, I must say…but anyway, as I was saying, you know, I keep getting these constantly. In fact, I just got several during this interview alone. Like, this is insane, and you know, even if this is not my particular cup of tea, at the end of the day I’m a woman, and in a sense, us girls are flattered by this sort of thing. But more to the point, this is proof enough that I’m not racist, which is why I can’t wrap my head around what people get from referring to me as one.”

“You know, being this good looking and smart at the same time is more of a curse than a gift, to be honest. Because, as intelligent as you are, people are always going to get attracted primarily to your exterior. And I have my white parents to thank for these good genes, because I have yet to see a black person who is attractive as us white people generally are. I’m not hating, I’m just stating facts,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81218,"LOS ANGELES – The Hollywood Foreign Press Association on Sunday once again flipped the movie-going public the bird by failing to award a single Golden Globe to a film centered around a superhero or space alien.

“I feel pretty crushed right now,” said director Joss Whedon, whose movie The Avengers did not win a single Golden Globe award despite earning over $$620 million at the domestic box office this summer to become the highest-grossing movie of all time in the Non-James-Cameron division. “We were sure The Hulk was going to win Best Supporting Actor. Or Thor. Or maybe even Hawkeye. This is worse than when they dissed Serenity.

In what many are seeing as a complete affront to the genre of “Films People Actually Want to See,” the award for Best Picture: Drama went not to one of the many excellent films about superheroes or space aliens, but to Argo, a film that centers around a fake film about space aliens.

“It’s like they’re rubbing it in,” said Men in Black 3 director Barry Sonnenfeld. “They ask us to make these superhero and space alien movies time and again to pay for all the boring films that lose money, but when it comes time to hand out the awards, they stiff us. Almost makes me mad enough to refuse to make Men in Black 4.”

Hollywood Foreign Press Association President Aida Takla-O’Reilly took offense to the accusation that his organization was ignoring genre films. “Spuerhero films, in particular, are very important to us,” he said. “We would never have known to name Hugh Jackman Best Actor in a Musical of Comedy for Les Miserables if he wasn’t Wolverine. And Jennifer Lawrence winning for Silver Linings Playbook? We’d never have even seen the movie if she wasn’t both Katniss in The Hunger Games and Raven in the revamp of the X-Men franchise.”

He went on to point out that Best Director Ben Affleck was Daredevil, Best Supporting Actress Anne Hathaway was Catwoman, Best Supporting Actor Christoph Waltz was the main villain in The Green Hornet, and Best Actor for a Drama Daniel Day-Lewis was Bill ‘The Butcher’ Cutting in Gangs of New York, which while not technically a superhero movie, did involve Day-Lewis tapping a knife against his eyeball.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81084,"The Republican war on women continues unabated. The same week that conservatives argued in the Supreme Court that employers should be able to stop their employees from getting contraception outside of the company health plan, Indiana joined the ranks of states like Texas and Florida in passing a draconian law that purports to protect women, while in fact, endangering their health by making safe abortion much harder to get. And Gov. Mike Pence recently signed it. The bill is stuffed with as many asinine restrictions on abortion with an eye towards making abortion as miserable and humiliating an experience as possible, and ideally something women can’t get legally at all.

Asked to comment on his approval of a piece of legislation that basically promotes hatred towards women once stripped of all the legal terms, Pence argued in an interview with The Huffington Post that “abortion as such was a mistake since the day it was first invented.” “So, let’s get that straight right away – I oppose abortion for any reason whatsoever because I believe that killing someone, or something, if you will, that hasn’t developed a consciousness just yet is the ultimate act of crime. And if we’re murderers of innocent beings who can’t defend themselves, how are we to expect people with a fully developed consciousness to stop murdering each other?” the Indiana governor said.

“And as if that wasn’t enough,” Pence continued, “we’ve got this situation now throughout different states where some lawmakers allow abortion under some circumstances like rape or when the fetus is diagnosed with an illness, and others just flat out prohibit it. And that’s bad for a number of reasons. First and foremost – we can’t have this kind of freedom of choice. This is bad, let’s be clear. And that’s part of the reason why I signed this bill, because I believe abortion, or I’m going to flat out call it murder, this murdering of children has to stop and it has to be prohibited in every state. So Indiana is just a step in the right direction.”

Pence also tried to offer his opinion on what would have happened had he allowed rape victims to still have abortion. “First and foremost, because this is such a sensitive topic, let me just say that I sympathize with rape victims not just in America, but around the world. I can only imagine what it must be like to experience such trauma,” he said. “However, that does not justify murder, not even that justifies murdering a baby, not in my book. Because what would happen? We’d then have an epidemic of women claiming to have been raped just so they could have an abortion. And that has to be stopped at all cost.”

Donald Trump’s new running mate also said, “Basically, if I’d have said no on the bill, that would be just like giving out get-pregnant-without-fear cards, because at the end of the day, women could have unprotected sex without worrying about what they’d do in the event of pregnancy. And you know, it’s not supposed to be like that. That would be equal to me picking up a butcher’s knife and slicing people open in the middle of the street. That would be murder. And I’m not a murderer.”

“And it gets worse – when you get an abortion, you get several days off of work and whatnot to recover. And there are a lot of crazy people out there. What if women would go out and get raped on purpose just so they could get off work? I mean, Indiana’s economy is struggling as it is, and having thousands of women absent from their jobs would be horrific for the state, I’m telling you. I made the right call and that will be confirmed in the long run,” Pence concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81376,"LONDON — After his surprising exit in the second round of Wimbledon on Wednesday, defending champion Roger Federer retired to his posh hotel suite with his elegant wife and lovely twin daughters. Although no one saw the 17-time Grand Slam winner leave the premises, hours later a man matching his description reportedly robbed the famed Crown Jewels from the Tower of London; five guards were killed, and two of them were apparently fed to a rare breed of Swiss lynx. Scotland Yard attempted to question Federer, only to be told the tennis legend had already returned to Zurich aboard his private jet.

Sources close to Federer indicate that, as his Grand Slam victories have grown fewer and farther between, the former world No. 1 has taken on strange habits and affectations. These include an unsettling fascination with lasers, taking on a ex-ball-boy “manservant” with snaggleteeth and a checkered past, and an eye patch that trainers confirm Federer definitely doesn’t need.

“As the quality-of-play begins to fade for tennis greats, they typically turn to private coaching, starting their own academies, or television commentary, like me,” said John McEnroe. “Roger appears to be leaning more toward world-class super villainy. He has a private fortune of more than $$150 million; he speaks, like, seven languages, and his wardrobe is just stuffed with black and red, so maybe we should have seen this coming.”

McEnroe added: “I always said his forehand was deadly.”

Federer, 31, has been seen skulking through Monte Carlo casinos in a smoking jacket, a gorgeous-but-damaged-looking woman on each arm, laughing haughtily at any who will dare to play him in baccarat. Also, he allegedly added something called a “cat pit” to one of his several Swiss chalets.

Perhaps most disturbing was a recent match in Madrid attended by British actor Daniel Craig. Federer defeated the Czech Tomas Berdych in straight sets—but as the crowd applauded the win, he turned and pointed his racket directly into the stands at Craig, fixing him with a vicious stare. Craig’s eyes widened cartoonishly and he craned his neck, searching the area behind himself for the actual recipient of the chilling warning.

But there was no one behind him.

Federer is 27 and eight for the year. His last loss came at Roland Garros to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, who has not been seen since.

“I’m worried about Roger,” said rival and eight-time French Open champ Rafael Nadal. “He has the record for most weeks at No. 1 and he made it to an astonishing 36 [Grand Slam] semifinals in a row, but nothing seems to be enough for him, does it? Someone even said he’s working on an exploding tennis ball. I only made it out of that hedge maze of his because of my freakishly large and strong left arm. Uh oh. Oh no. You know we, well … um, he and I, we might actually be building to something there.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81761,"WASHINGTON — The former House Speaker and presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich has been again holding press conferences about moon colonies to a house packed with no one, sources said Tuesday. “He shouts the entire time, for an hour,” said a source close to the former speaker. “He pretends there are hundreds, maybe thousands, there. No […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79836,"Top Donald Trump adviser Jared Kushner – flanked by wife Ivanka Trump – “laughed” when asked to save the Paris climate accord, Politico reports. Kushner and Trump were reportedly on their way to a Flywheel class, an upscale indoor cycling club that offer classes for the populist-friendly price of $$28 a class. The report, which was featured in Politico’s “Playbook” and picked up by the website Death and Taxes, seems to contradict previous accounts of Trump and Kushner’s commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement. The president’s eldest daughter reportedly pressured Trump to keep the United States’ commitment to the accord prior to his decision to withdraw.

After causing understandable hype in the media, Kushner was asked to comment on the report. He told portal KnowMyRepublican.com, “I really found it funny, I’m not kidding.” He added, “As a matter of fact, I find it hilarious that everybody keeps crying about how the United States of America is the number one invader and creator of conflicts in the world, and yet, at the same time, they’re also running to us every single time there’s a problem they can’t handle. You know, regardless of the fact that I’m close to the man who now happens to serve as President of the United States, I can’t help but feel like this country is nothing more than one gigantic charity organization in the eyes of the world. That is, when we’re not being accused of, how do they put it, ‘installing foreign governments’ and whatnot.”

Kushner also said, “Well, you know what? I’m fed up with catering to what the world wants America to do and ignoring what Americans want America to do. It’s about time we turned away from abiding by so-called international accords that only damage the reputation and wellbeing of our great nation. And when I say great, I mean the greatest. We are literally the richest and most powerful country in the world and we didn’t get there thanks to someone else. It’s our fathers and grandfathers that deserve our gratitude for leaving us this glorious bastion of freedom and wealth. And I don’t think they’d take kindly to us throwing away everything they worked so hard for.”

“To make it perfectly clear – why on Earth should we care about what happens to Paris? It’s a city half way around the world; to make matters worse, it’s in France. We never liked the French and they never liked us back and that’s not going to change any time soon. We’re in the USA and we need to focus on dealing with problems that we have here, not some climate issues, if such exist in the first place, that are plaguing a city in a country we liberated in World War 2, but have hated ever since. Any climate change that happens in and around Paris is France’s problem and our country should have no part in the Paris Climate Agreement. That is the official position of the United States Government, by the way,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81937,"JACKSON HOLE, Wyo. — Liz Cheney, daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, has begun preparations to launch a 2014 primary challenge to current Wyoming Senator Michael Enzi, all but guaranteeing decimation of the entire Wyoming State Republican Party and sully the brand for generations to come, just like her father.

“Growing up in the home of unadulterated evil, I’ve learned a thing or two about putting my own petty self-interests ahead of the greater good,” said Cheney. “That’s why I’m going to rip apart Enzi, drag him through the mud, and ruin his career in order to get my almost unelectable name on the ballot.”

Many Republican leaders in Wyoming initially expressed surprise when word spread that Cheney was planning on bumping off Enzi, a popular incumbent and life-long friend of her father who has a 92 percent rating from the American Conservative Union. “We love Liz, and have always assumed she’d find her place here, but to primary Mike now will bring about the destruction of the Republican Party in Wyoming,” warned former Wyoming Senator Alan Simpson. “Of course, then we remembered that she was a Cheney, so we were all like, well duh.”

The fear is that a race between the popular Enzi and the powerful and much-feared Cheney family would split Republican donors down the middle. If a primary were to turn nasty, it could damage the eventual winner enough that a Democratic candidate could secure as much as 35 or even 40% of the statewide vote in deeply-red Wyoming.

Senator Enzi confirmed that Cheney called him to let him know that she was considering a primary against him. “She said she’s looking at it,” he said, shoulders drooping and chest deflated. “I asked her what I’d done to her to warrant this, and she said it was nothing personal, but that she needed my Senate seat and wouldn’t stop at gouging out my eyes to get it.”

“She’s her father’s daughter, alright,” he added.

Attempts to speak with Ms. Cheney for this story were unsuccessful. Attempts to speak with former Vice President Dick Cheney were unadvised.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80557,"“Hillary Clinton put part of Bergdorf Goodman on lockdown on Friday to get a $$600 haircut at the swanky John Barrett Salon. Clinton, with a huge entourage in tow, was spotted being ushered through a side entrance of the Fifth Avenue store on Friday.

“A source said: “Staff closed off one side of Bergdorf’s so Hillary could come in privately to get her hair done. An elevator bank was shut down so she could ride up alone, and then she was styled in a private area of the salon. Other customers didn’t get a glimpse. Hillary was later seen with a new feathered hairdo.”

“Clinton regularly sees salon owner John Barrett, who charges regular mortals $$600 for a cut and blow-dry. Hair color can cost an extra $$600. Clinton’s attachment to her hairstylists is well documented. The “Santa” recently referenced in her emails is Santa Nikkels, the proprietor of Santa’s Salon in Chappaqua.

“Elizabeth Warren, a former Harvard Law School professor and U.S. Senator for Massachusetts, commented on Clinton’s siege of the famous hair salon by saying that “no woman that has an ego large enough to allow herself to boast a $$600 haircut should ever be allowed to run for presidency, let alone actually become President.”

“I would say that it’s outrageous, but what the woman does with her own money is her business,” Warren told Newslo. “However, I will argue that she is setting a very bad example for women and, more importantly, young girls all across the country. What she’s basically saying is ‘it’s ok to overpay for something as long as it makes me feel good.’”

The war of rhetoric between Warren and Clinton is nothing new, especially when one considers that they’ve both set their sights on the Oval Office post-2016. However, it would seem that Clinton is much more productive when it comes to supplying her opponents with “ammo.”

Warren also called out Clinton by comparing her personal expenses with what might happen if she becomes president. “Is this the future we’re supposed to look forward to with Clinton as president? What if she suddenly feels like buying 40 new Migs one day, or ordering a couple of new submarines just for the fun of it? Or worse? If she’s this impulsive when it comes to her hairstyle, what’s going to happen with our country’s budget? Is she going to invade another country just to get their oil? Oh wait…that’s already being done. Sorry, my bad.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80929,"NEW YORK — The NBA season gets underway next week, and New York Knick fans are looking forward to a season of missed big shots from Carmelo Anthony, Amar’e Stoudamire injuries, and failures to meet expectations. After adding players such as Jason Kidd, Kurt Thomas and Marcus Camby, the Knicks enter this season with the most run-down team in NBA history. “Makes sense,” admitted Knicks fan Lisa Romero. “The youthful inexperience of Landry Fields and Jeremy Lin really hurt us last year.”

Fans are already getting a taste of things to come this preseason. Stoudamire will miss the next 2-3 weeks with a cyst in the back of his left knee. Despite Carmelo leading the preseason so far in points per game, the team has not looked good in the eyes of most fans. “A shitty Knicks team with one guy scoring all the points?” said Knicks season-ticket holder Jamie Ernst. “It’s like the Isiah Thomas days all over again! Who can’t get excited for that?”

Team owner James Dolan held a press conference recently and talked about the upcoming season. “This will be quite an entertaining year,” Dolan announced. “Wait, let me clarify that: it will be entertaining for me. I definitely get pleasure out of torturing the Knicks fans.”

When asked about the decision to not bring back Lin, Dolan answered, “It was a tough one, but I had to do it for Isiah and my feelings. Jeremy deceived me, and that’s why.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79834,"SEOUL, South Korea — North Korea test-fired five missiles Thursday during Pope Francis’ visit to the South Korean capital, where he gave a speech promoting peace and diplomacy between the two regions.

Less than 24 hours prior, North Korea launched the nation’s first-ever Christian rock station, 103.2 Christ-Lite FM.

South Korean officials suspect that the missiles were launched after Pope Francis declined to be present at Christ-Lite FM’s launch party on Wednesday. Despite the launch of Christ-Lite FM, the Catholic Church of North Korea is not recognized by the Vatican.

The launch party featured more than a dozen karaoke renditions of Taylor Swift’s smash hit single “22,” all of which were sung by a 10-year-old Dennis Rodman impersonator.

Before test-firing the missiles, North Korea’s Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un sent Pope Francis video footage from the event, along with a barely legible note that read, “FOMO much?” To this Pope Francis replied, “Does Taylor Swift even count as Christian Rock? This kid also looks nothing like Dennis Rodman.”

In a statement released Friday, Mr. Kim denied having ever invited Pope Francis to the launch party, and stated the launch of the missiles had nothing to do with Pope Francis’ visit to the South.

Added Kim, “Why of all the days of the year, as numerous as the hairs of a cow, did the pope choose to come to the South on the very day we had planned to test our rockets? And why in the world, with so many figureheads in the Vatican as there are cows in a milk factory, would we invite Pope Francis to our awesome party?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82228,"Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump responded to Mitt Romney at an event in Portland, Maine on Thursday. Romney, the Republican Party’s 2012 presidential nominee, had attacked Trump earlier in the day, calling him a “fraud” who was “playing the members of the American public for suckers.” But the outspoken New York billionaire said Romney “begged” for his endorsement in 2012. “I don’t know what happened to him,” Trump said. “You can see how loyal he is. He was begging for my endorsement. I could have said Mitt ‘drop to your knees.’ He would have dropped to his knees.”

“But, I guess that’s what happens when you have the most powerful political organization behind you, the most fierce political machinery backing you up, and then you blow it because you’re too incompetent to see that you have no business in politics whatsoever,” Trump added. “The funny thing to me is, you have people in this world who are born to win at everything, kind of like me. And then you have two other types of people. One, the mediocre ones, who can study and improve themselves and do something great with their lives, and then the other type, which is Mitt and that type of people just sucks at everything. He’s a born loser, and someone has convinced him that he can change that, probably just to have a good laugh. I’m sorry buddy, but you can’t.”

The media mogul added, “So, when you finally realize that, you have no other choice than to draw attention to yourself by insulting the winners, which is, again – me. You’re reduced to becoming an attention whore who can’t live with the fact that he’s a failure and starts doing the only thing he can, which is talk crap about legitimate politicians and businessmen. And make no mistake about it, folks – the only reason Mitt is being loud right now is because he can’t stand the fact that I’m succeeding in something that’s he’s failed. Like I said, he virtually begged me to endorse him, even run with him, back in 2012. But, I knew then the same thing I still know to this day – you are who you’re with, and Donald Trump, ladies and gentlemen, is not a loser.”

“I’m a better businessman than he is, I’m a better conversationalist than he is, I’m better at everything he’s ever tried doing, honestly, and now, I’m also a better politician than him, not that that’s particularly difficult. Oh, I almost forgot – I also have better hair than he does,” Trump added, causing laughter. “But seriously, he should get off my case or I might actually consider quitting politics, you know, because I’m so hurt over what he’s saying,” the businessman continued jokingly, causing even more laughs. “Anyway, I don’t hate you Mitt, I perfectly understand why you’re doing what you’re doing and it’s quite all right, you have every right be pissed. Even though you’ve been holding a grudge since 2012, it’s still ok. But, it’s time for you to run along, little buddy, because the grown-ups have to talk about some serious issues here. It’s time for milk and cookies.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81629,"“No refunds in the strip club,” Mims added. “I’ve even had people come up in there asking, ‘Oh, can I get a dance,’ and they’ll pay me back next week. We ain’t got no layaway plans either.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80662,"Five people have been shot dead by a gunman at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida, say officials. It happened at the baggage claim area in Terminal 2, just before 1300 local time (1800 GMT), the airport confirmed. Five people were killed, eight injured and one person was unharmed in custody, said police and local officials. Hundreds of people were standing on the tarmac outside the terminal as dozens of police cars and ambulances rushed to the scene. A witness told MSNBC that the gunman was a “slender man” who was wearing a Star Wars T-shirt. Florida Senator Bill Nelson told media that the gunman has been identified as Esteban Santiago, but that has not been confirmed by law enforcement.

Former half-term governor of Alaska Sarah Palin took to the press to offer her thoughts and prayers to the families of the victims, but also used the opportunity to once again criticize former President Barack Obama’s policy on illegal immigration. “First of all, I’d like to offer my condolences to the families of the victims of the Fort Lauderdale terrorist attack, as well as my support to those who have been injured in the incident,” she said. “Make no mistake – this was a full-on terrorist attack, the likes of which we’ve had several in the past months and years. These lone-wolf terrorist attacks have today become a danger far greater than any terrorist cell that might be planning an attack on U.S. soil. It is terrible that we are faced with such an unpredictable network of individuals who will stop at nothing in order to harm innocent civilians.”

She added, “However, don’t be fooled by the idea that there was no stopping this sort of escalation of terrorist violence. We could have prevented all of this 8 years ago, but unfortunately, the citizens of this country – more specifically, true, conservative Americans were outvoted by those who believed Barack Obama was the right choice for president. Eight years later, I’m sad to say America is choking on terrorism, racial issues and gender catastrophes the likes of which are unknown in its recent history. Not only were the liberals not right; they have single-handedly surrendered this country into the hands of a man who’s done more damage to it than any Bush, Reagan or Stalin, for that matter, ever could.”

“It is Barack Obama’s policy of allowing Mexican Muslims to walk freely on our streets that has caused so much death and destruction recently, including this latest incident which has taken 5 innocent lives,” she continued. “Think about that for a second. Why were Mexican Muslims even allowed to walk our streets in the first place, I ask you? They’re, like, double the threat – they’re half Muslim, which means that they hate all of America by default, and the other half is Mexican, which means they can be very hard-working, but at the same time, they’re also very jealous of white people. And if, by some miracle, you were to add just an ounce of Germanic heritage to that, you’d have Hitler in the mix as well. That means they’d be the ultimate killing machine. They should have been incarcerated from the beginning. Instead, we’re left with this situation.”

“I guarantee you no potential gunman would have ever seen the light of day other than through prison bars if anyone other than Barack Obama had been president. All Muslim Mexicans would be scrutinized several times, compared to normal Muslims and Mexicans, the majority of whom would only be subjected to one scrutinization process yearly. Instead, they were left to their own twisted behavior under the excuse of civil liberties, and what happened? We had the Orlando gay club massacre, and now Fort Lauderdale. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out there’s a pretty obvious pattern here. And you better believe there’s more of them coming. So, when the next one happens, I’m not even going to look into who or what the shooter was. I’m directly going after Obama for carelessness on the job and dereliction of duty. Because, he was many things as president, but a patriot was not one of them,” Palin concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80211,"MAYFIELD VILLAGE, Ohio – Progressive, one of the nation’s largest automobile insurers, has announced that it will massively revamp its marketing strategy in 2013. Among its most notable changes, a publicist said, is that it will enlist teen star and chronic car-totaler Amanda Bynes as its new spokeswoman. Progressive is largely known for its prolific […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79867,"DENVER, Colo. – On March 11, first-time marijuana user, Levi Thamba Pongi, died of injuries sustained after falling from a fourth floor balcony at the Holiday Inn. After thorough examination, spokeswoman for the Denver medical examiner’s office, Michelle Weiss-Samaras, implicated gravity as “a significant condition” contributing to the accident.

Pongi, along with three friends from Northwest College in Powell, Wyo., planned to spend a peaceful spring break in Denver eating marijuana-filled cookies. While the others continued to pass out and crawl around on the floor looking for leftover pizza, Pongi became fixated on the aftereffects of drinking a Red Bull. He “went off the wall,” Weiss-Samaras said, “believing he had wings.”

Moments later, after diving over the balcony railing, Pongi would come face to face with gravity. “We’re still looking into the exact moment Pongi went over the railing,” Weiss-Samaras said. “We’re currently operating under the theory that Pongi began accelerating downward at 9.8m/s2. National databases are being searched for any similar instances that can shed further light on this tragedy.”

Anti-pot advocates are quick to point out that marijuana, and not gravity, is the real culprit here. Others, like former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, are calling for a ban on all cookies nationwide. Sadly, personal political agendas are keeping both groups from seeing the larger picture.

A national epidemic of gravity has befallen our nation. No longer are Americans free to flout the rules of basic physics. New York Times columnist Malcolm Gladwell, who has had nothing to do with this investigation, knows the truth. “It’s quite clear what’s happened here,” Gladwell said. “Since we know Pongi was alive before jumping over the railing and deceased after jumping over the railings, one can only conclude that this railing is indeed a tipping point of some serious gravity.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81563,"WASHINGTON – The National Rifle Association is busy preparing for its Congressional Appreciation Day, an annual “thank you” to federal lawmakers who have helped the pro-gun organization realize its legislative dreams over the previous twelve months by ignoring the concerns of everyday Americans.

“This is my favorite season,” said coordinating manager Cathy Arensmeyer as she tucked a carton of cigarettes into a Harry & David basket destined for the office of the Speaker of the House. “Frankly, I was worried it might not come this year. With the majority of Americans and even many of our own members supporting assault-weapon bans and universal background checks, we really only have one group of people to thank for saving us from that.”

“This year, let’s really make sure they really get what they deserve,” Arensmeyer added loudly for the benefit of her nearby coworkers, many of whom smiled and nodded their agreement.

An annual tradition since the 1960s, Congress Appreciation Day sees the best of the NRA, which is forced to spend most of its year lobbying for the nearly $$12 billion firearm industry. Staffers would much rather compose hand-written cards and bake sweets, they say, than defend the domestic weapons that have cut down more Americans than all U.S.-involved wars combined–but who has the time?

“Just think if we lived in Israel, Germany, Singapore, or someplace like that,” said Arensmeyer as she toured an elaborately decorated banquet hall, rattling off three countries with a gun death rate less than a fifth that of America. “They barely have anything they need to thank their legislatures for at all. Whereas we,” she added, gently fingering an engraved placeholder bearing the name Harry Reid, “we have more to be grateful for with each passing year.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80828,"“While the Islamic Republic of Iran continues our denial that gay people exist within its borders, we admit that there are some in Israel, and possibly in other countries around the world,” Rouhani told the U.N.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81113,"WASHINGTON – After considering a controversial FBI proposal to revamp electronic communication surveillance laws to make it easier to monitor subjects’ online behavior, today the Obama Administration announced that it was planning on pushing the electronic surveillance envelope even further by working with Apple to develop new iSpy programming.

“The president felt that the FBI wasn’t thinking far enough ahead,” said White House Press Secretary Jay Carney about the FBI’s desire to make it easier to listen in on conversations conducted via Facebook or Google. “We’ve heard for years from law enforcement officials that the legislation lags behind the technology. So this time we’re going to be ahead of the curve. No longer will ordinary Americans have to wonder needlessly if their emails and online messaging are being monitored. Because they will know that they are.”

“If you’ve been wondering if some secret, shadowy government agency has been monitoring your every keystroke while you catch up with a family member, or flirt with an old hookup; soon you won’t have to wonder anymore,” said National Security Advisor Thomas Donilon. “We can’t just wait for people to use keywords like ‘jihad’ or ‘fertilizer’ or ‘tea party tax return’ before we start following their every move. We need to start now.”

While groups as disparate as the ACLU and the Commerce Department objected to the FBI’s original proposal—the former over privacy worries and the latter because such monitoring requirements could theoretically stifle Silicon Valley innovation—President Obama’s new, cutting-edge iSpy concept may actually be better received.

“Fans of the iPod and the iPad are going to love the iSpy,” promised Carney. “Apple is a master at combining form and function, and we feel the iSpy software will become as ubiquitous as iTunes of iLife and fit seamlessly into Americans’ daily computer usage.

“You won’t even know the government is watching you,” Carney added. “Out of sight, out of mind.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
28643,"Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI) suggested on Sunday that people with pre-existing conditions deserved to pay more for insurance because they were like cars that had been involved in an automobile accident. During an interview on Meet the Press, host Chuck Todd noted that Republicans in the Senate had held no hearings on their health care bill and so they could not say for sure why insurance companies were abandoning some markets. Johnson sidestepped the refusal to hold hearings and insisted that he already knows the answer “but nobody wants to talk about it.” “We know why those premiums doubled,” he opined. “We’ve done something with our health care system that you would never think about doing, for example, with auto insurance, where you would require auto insurance companies to sell a policy to somebody after they crash their car.”

He continued, “Those companies aren’t stupid, they know very well what they’re doing and they didn’t get to where they are because they made decisions in split seconds. The fact to the matter is, we’re the ones to blame for the premiums skyrocketing. We’re at fault because we allowed the health care system to be designed in a way that forces the insurance companies’ hand and leaves them no other choice. Just to make it clear – when I say ‘we,’ I’m referring to former President Barack Obama and his catastrophic health care system. If we’re looking for anyone to blame for everything that’s going on with millions of sick people in the country right now – and we should – we need to turn our attention to Barack Obama and the damage he’s done to this country by pushing forth a plan that had no real economic justification. Obamacare is a shining example of what some politicians resort to when they’re on the hunt for solely political points.”

“In reality, we need to go back to the basics right now and we need to ask ourselves who really deserves to have affordable health care insurance,” Johnson added. “Look at it realistically – say you have your own insurance company and one day someone comes in who claims to be a potential customer and they say they want to buy health insurance from you. That’s all fine and dandy, but then you notice they look like a car crash, they look as though they’ve just walked into your office directly from an automobile accident. What would be the economically sound decision to make here? Should you offer them the cheapest rate? Of course not. You’re going to ask them to pay the highest possible premium because you understand the risks involved.”

“The point I’m trying to make is, it’s not the insurance companies’ fault for the premiums skyrocketing. The way they do business has been familiar for a long time and they’re not doing anything wrong or illegal. In fact, one could argue that they provide very useful services to interested parties. However, like I said, it was Barack Obama who forced their hand and made them raise their prices because he wanted to be the hero who saved millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions from ‘getting cheated’ out of their health insurance. He made the laws, he passed them and he made sure to leave a disaster behind because he didn’t care about the people; all he cared about was looking good and being loved at the time. As for the rest, he just didn’t give a damn,” Johnson concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81696,"THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA – The American public is reacting with “shock” and “bewilderment” to reports that the murder of Chicago teen Hadiya Pendleton was not a “rare, once or twice a decade” occurrence. The 15-year-old honor student—who only a week earlier sang at President Obama’s inauguration—was shot and killed January 29 in Chicago’s Hyde Park, and millions of Americans are now gazing forlornly out their windows, speechless and distraught, after discovering that the tragic death represents an unusually well-reported example of what has become a common event in the nation’s violent inner cities.

“When I first heard about Hadiya’s death, I was so sad,” Mary Schultz of Ames, Iowa, said. “What a tragic waste of life. But now I’m hearing that something like this happens, like, virtually every day? I’m just…stunned. Why didn’t anyone tell me about this?”

Stan Hall, a high school teacher in Corning, New York, echoed Ms. Schultz’s confusion. “I was under the impression that the most outrage-provoking thing to happen in America recently was that Kanye fella knocking up that Kardashian woman, or maybe those Boeing planes that didn’t pan out. Turns out our kids are being slaughtered, and no one found it worth mentioning. Frankly, this is an earth-shattering revelation.”

Some Chicago residents expressed dismay that it has taken this long for the wider public to become aware of the city’s plight. Laura Morgan, who lives blocks from Hyde Park, said that Chicagoans—and residents of other crime-ridden major cities—have been living with—and shouting about—this problem for years. “We know about the violence because we see it with our own eyes. We live in the midst of it. But somewhere along the line, the message gets cut off. It’s frustrating that the President had to be personally, if tangentially, involved to make this epidemic newsworthy.” Murders in Chicago have averaged more than one a day so far in 2013; Hadiya Pendleton was the 42nd resident killed in January alone.

Members of the media told Newslo that “static interference or something” probably prevented stories like Hadiya Pendleton’s from reaching Americans’ awareness until now. “It’s not like we were ignoring these occurrences because we had better things to report on,” a CBS producer said. “We totally reported them, I swear. I’m not a scientist, but personally I think that global warming is to blame. It probably messed with our signals and blocked all the reports we’ve been doing on this. And if you don’t buy that…well, give me a minute to think about it.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81400,"NEW YORK — New Yorkers are today rejoicing at the installation of Citi Bike docks across Manhattan and Brooklyn, which will allow locals and tourists to rent bicycles and dramatically increase the number of traffic accidents that happen in the city.

“I was worried I’d have to start running into traffic at high speed because simply walking into cars wouldn’t do enough damage, so this came along at just the right time,” said Jacob Steinem, a graduate student at NYU. “I’d heard that the roads could be pretty rough before I moved here, but there were only 6,000 traffic accidents involving bikes in 2010, so I’m glad the city’s really kicking it up a notch.”

Frederick Williams, who was born and raised in the city, has been driving taxis for thirty-seven years. He was also enthusiastic about the new scheme, saying: “The only good cyclist is a dead cyclist, so I want to thank the mayor personally for giving us this opportunity to help get those numbers up”.

Emily Andrews, who’s visiting from London – where a similar bike-sharing system has been implemented- seemed to like the project, although she noted that “the traffic back home isn’t nearly bad as it is here,” calling Citi Bikes “bloody mental”. Ms. Andrews also observed that the bikes don’t come with helmets, and that it was unlikely that people will carry helmets around with them, so she was looking forward to seeing if America’s health insurance system covered “being an idiot”.

Meanwhile, health and fitness advocate Gary Jones, after years of campaigning for a bike-sharing scheme for New Yorkers, was delighted that Citi Bikes are finally being implemented. “It’s about time that a world-class city had a world-class way for people to get hit, at great speeds, by moving vehicles. With more bikes on the roads, ridden by everyone from experienced cyclists to people who have absolutely no business being anywhere near something as potentially dangerous as a bike on a New York street, I’m hoping that everyone will get a little fitter, even if it’s just from running to avoid an out-of-control bicycle. That $$41 million of Citibank’s $$306bn bailout money and guarantees will be very well spent.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80774,"NEW YORK — A day after Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) said he would renounce his newly discovered Canadian citizenship, Donald Trump praised Cruz as a “real American” and reaffirmed his doubts about President Obama’s citizenship.

“Senator Cruz gained our nation’s trust by releasing his birth certificate, and he became a true American by waving good bye to his Canadian citizenship,” stated Trump in a surprise appearance on CNN.

Trump, an outspoken supporter of birther conspiracies aimed at President Obama, added that Sen. Cruz’s “transparency” only furthered his doubts about “the secrets of that black guy posing as our president.”

Sen. Cruz’s birth certificate showed that he was born in Calgary, Alberta to an American mother, a fact which Canadian lawyers said makes him a dual citizen of both Canada and the United States.

“To be honest, I didn’t even know Canadians had their own citizenship,” admitted Cruz, a tea party favorite who is already being touted as a major contender in the 2016 presidential bid.

“Because I was a U.S. citizen at birth, because I left Calgary when I was 4 and have lived my entire life since then in the U.S., and because I have never taken affirmative steps to claim Canadian citizenship, I assumed that was the end of the matter,” he added.

President Obama released his own birth certificate in 2011 in order to quell rumors raised by conservative opponents that he was born outside of the U.S. Trump claimed that the details of Cruz’s citizenship prove that he is “more American than Obama, even if Obama’s story about Hawaii is actually true.”

“[Sen. Cruz] is obviously American. Even though his name kinda, sorta sounds Mexican, it also sounds cool. Like Tom Cruise, another fine American,” Trump said.

“Obama, on the other hand. Well, I’d argue that Hawaii is less American than Canada. It’s definitely a lot farther way. Plus, I think the name thing is obvious. How can a natural citizen have a name like that?”

Until Cruz’s renouncement his of Canadian citizenship becomes official, he is technically allowed to hold office in Canadian Parliament, although he laughed off questions asking whether or not he would ever consider doing so.

“I have to admit, though, their healthcare system is worse than Obamacare. Perhaps I could try the old parliamentary shutdown north of the border. Wouldn’t that be something?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80115,"On Sunday, U.S. Rep. Steve King (R-IA) retweeted a link to a post by the far-right newspaper Voice of Europe featuring an image of Dutch white supremacist Geert Wilders, who is running for his country’s parliament. “Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies,” wrote King. Wilders is known for his violent antipathy toward Muslims and for his People’s Party for Freedom (PVV) being a haven for white supremacists, neo-Nazis and other fringe elements of the Netherlands’ far right. After King posted the tweet – and former KKK leader David Duke retweeted it – Twitter moved in to mock, deride and chastise the congressman for spreading propaganda from one of Europe’s most virulently racist public figures.

However, as could be expected, the lawmaker stood up for his point of view, and said in an interview with Internet portal KnowMyRepublican.com that he would go so far as to “allow immigration from the Netherlands,” because there are, apparently, similar sentiments there to those that have been brewing for quite some time in America. “I understand this comes at a very sensitive time for our country, but it is precisely in such times that a country is either made stronger or shatters completely. I don’t know about you, but I’d personally like the former to take place rather than the latter,” King said. “This is not a time to be throwing personal liberties, political correctness and racial sensitivity in each other’s faces; this is a time to stop lying to ourselves and own up to what really needs to be done.”

“Now, personally, I’m not buying into the whole deportation thing that President Trump has been on about during his presidential campaign. As much as I’m aware that there are Americans out there who would support such a decision, I think it’s a logistical and financial nightmare, and if anything, Donald Trump has always been a prudent businessman,” the lawmaker added. “That being said, we’re still faced with the question of how we plan to protect the future generations and the culture and tradition of this country if we keep letting immigrants breed and suffocate white Americans with their imported way of life.”

He continued, “My suggestion is we let folks from the Netherlands immigrate to the United States, particularly people who are, as we’ve seen, similarly motivated to preserve everything the white race stands for. We can let it happen in stages, where we’d monitor how it all works, and if we like what we see and there’s a significant result to be had from bringing in white reinforcements, we’d develop the project to a much larger scale. Of course, those people would need jobs, homes, and everything else that makes for a good life in this country, which is to say, we’d have multiple benefits from getting them over here. The Dutch are known to be very hardworking and honest – after all, we’re talking here about a country that damn near ruled the world in colonial times.”

“As sad as it sounds, there’s just no way to preserve and restore our civilization and culture by allowing our women to keep giving birth to black babies. I know those children aren’t to blame, nor am I assigning any to them, but like I said – at the end of the day, we just have to keep it real and we have to be willing to make the tough decisions and the decisions that nobody else is willing to make. If one of those decisions includes letting white Dutch people immigrate to the states to help save the white population and culture, then so be it,” King concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80281,"As Ian Malcolm famously said, “life finds a way.” Aquarium keepers in Australia realized that recently, after a captive zebra shark (Stegostoma fasciatum) gave birth to three pups – without having had any contact with a male for years. (Zebra sharks are often called leopard sharks in Australia, but they are a different species from the leopard sharks found off the west coast of North America. The 20-something shark at Reef HQ Great Barrier Reef Aquarium in Townsville laid 41 eggs without a father. Three of them hatched into healthy pups, all female. The pups were named Cleo, CC and Gemini. Their mother is called Leonie. Although this phenomenon of “virgin birth” is quite rare, it’s not unheard of in sharks. Virgin births have been observed in other sharks in aquaria and in the wild.

But, televangelist and Republican conservative pundit Pat Robertson ain’t having none of that. He refuses to believe that the shark was not impregnated by another male and is similarly reluctant to deem the birth a “miracle.” “I apologize to any shark and animal lovers out there on this occasion, but I have a right to speak my mind and I don’t believe we’re talking about a wonder of nature here,” he argued during the latest episode of his “The 700 Club.” “Sharks aren’t people and are, therefore, incapable of such miraculous feats. I get that they’re wonderful creatures and that much can be learned from them, but at the end of the day, we have to be real. There is no way that a shark had a so-called virgin birth through which it brought onto the world not one, not two, but three pups.”

He continued, “And you know something? I don’t care what the scientists are saying. By default, scientists are severely detached from religion, which means they cannot begin to fathom what a virgin birth means and the importance it holds. Because, you see, the point of a virgin birth is not to look at it from a purely biological standpoint, which is what men of science are taught to do. Instead, the religious perspective offers the event as a doorway into something greater, more illusive yet divine at the same time. It offers hope and appeals to the spiritual component found in every person. Having said that, the so-called ‘shark virgin birth’ doesn’t prove anything until we see its pups walking on water. I think that’s a reasonable test that will either prove or disprove the hypothesis that this is, indeed, equal to what many would like it to be.”

“I mean, we could also try some other form of test. We could have some terminally ill people over to the aquarium and see if the pups will heal them. Or, we could maybe drop a staff in the pool and wait to see if maybe they’ll part the water in half. We can pretty much do anything you like, but I’m sticking with the walking on water test, since it’s doesn’t require any additional props, which – I think you’ll agree – makes it just a tad more practical. If they succeed, I’ll be the first to admit the error of my ways. I will also be the first to bow down to them. However, should they fail, I will demand a DNA test in order to determine which male shark is the father. Or, alternatively – if maybe one of the aquarium staff decided to get a little too friendly with momma shark when nobody was looking,” Robertson concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82664,Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Wednesday night that President Barack Obama had not done enough to justify an attack on Syria.,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81526,"WASHINGTON — In the wake of this month’s Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), Republican leaders today excitedly introduced to a collection of GOP lawmakers CPAC Shakur, a right-wing ‘rapper of color’ with ‘street-cred’ who will serve as the GOP’s ambassador to African-American youths.

“With Ted Cruz, Bobby Jindal and Marco Rubio in the fold, we are changing the face of the Republican Party,” said RNC chairman Reince Preibus, as he introduced a glowering Shakur to a nervously smiling GOP audience. “But with CPAC Shakur taking our message to the streets, we feel like we will, at last, be able to connect with ‘Those People.’”

Clad in an American flag doo-rag and sporting knuckle rings that spelled “SMALL” on the right hand, and “GOVT” on the left—along with a solid gold chain that bore the likeness of Ronald Reagan—Shakur addressed his Republican brethren. “Yo, my conservative peeps. The time has come to get the word out to the ‘hood about our principles and vision for keeping America the greatest nation of Earth. Low taxes, strong defense, and a zealot-like compulsion toward make voting more difficult. All while living up to the ideals of Barry Goldwater and Ronald Regan.” Upon mentioning the right-wing icons, Shakur produced a 40-ounce bottle of Old English malt liquor from a paper bag and poured some on the floor.

“Only God and the unregulated free markets can judge me,” he added.

“He’s just the kind of representative we need to boost our credibility with minorities,” said South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham. “He’s got everyone in this room on the edge of their seat with anxiety – I mean energy. When is he leaving?” After Shakur bid farewell to begin a 12 city ‘White Castle-stop’ tour, attendees reflexively checked to make sure they still had their wallets and phones amidst an audible collective sigh of relief.

Upon hearing the news, the Democratic Party introduced Biggie Guvs, their own brand ambassador whom they hope will blunt Shakur’s influence.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80863,"Dear Constituents,

I am writing to you today not as a politician, not as an elected representative, not as a public figure, but as your neighbor, friend, and co-worker.

As we all know, the government is really starting to crack down on insider trading within Congress, so there is really no point of me being a congressman anymore. It is actually much easier for me to just collect my pension and receive trading secrets from my friends still in Congress. That is why today I announce my retirement. Thank you for all the loopholes to which you turned a blind eye, for your short-term memory, for your undying indifference to issues that really matter, and most importantly, your dolla dolla bills yo.

Without your tax dollars, I never would have been able to fly private everywhere I went. I never would have been able to bring my family on vacation to exotic places across the globe, and I never would have had that orgy in Belize (which will undoubtedly go down as the greatest 36 hours of my life). Your apathy has literally allowed me to masturbate in my office at least once a day while still getting paid, and your truncated memory gave me the confidence to do whatever the fuck I wanted without fear of negative repercussions. All the loopholes have really made being a congressman fully worth it.

But I would be remiss if I didn’t pay special thanks to the media. All the “reporters” who chose to be publicists instead of journalists allowed me to keep my image squeaky clean. All the “reporters” who chose to make listicles of cat GIFs instead of reporting on my hypocrisies, lies, and crimes, allowed me to quietly be the baddest motherfucker since Scarface. And all the editors who prioritized speed over accuracy ensured that even if one of my crimes did make it to the front page, it would be old news the next day.

I truly believe that I have lived during the greatest time to be a congressman. Nobody in the future will get away with all the stuff I got to do, and I could not have done it without you. I will truly miss manipulating you for votes and taking advantage of you every chance I had. I had a great run, but all great things must come to an end.

Sincerely,

Your Congressman",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80673,"CHICAGO — Research based on a survey of 19,000 people has discovered that a third met their spouses on the Internet, an inhuman matrix of information that cares not for love nor general human emotion.

The study, conducted by Harris Interactive and University of Chicago professor of psychology John Cacioppo, also found that relationships that began online were less likely to end in divorce in comparison to those that started in reality, exposed to the flaws that form like shadows in the daylight of insecurity and excitement when connecting with another creature head on.

“These data suggest that the Internet may be altering the dynamics and outcomes of marriage itself,” Cacioppo wrote in the study’s abstract. “Rather than seeking the warmth of human contact, people are instead becoming much more interested in what’s on your Netflix queue and what Ralph Waldo Emerson quote you chose for your bio, and we’re seeing a lot of success in that.”

However, as the study itself admits in its conflict of interest statement, it was commissioned by the website eHarmony. The dating website paid Harris Interactive $$130,000, while Cacioppo is also a member of eHarmony’s Scientific Advisory Board. In addition, former eHarmony researcher Gian Gonzaga once had sex with a computer.

“I think mobile dating is going to be the main driver of [meeting more of our partners online],” said Caitlin Moldvay, a dating industry senior analyst in an interview with USA Today. “This is a reflection of people trying to prioritize their careers and financial obligations with the less appealing idea of finding someone who makes you happy to be alive, so much so that just breathing feels like a gift and simply watching the way their hair blows in the wind looks like magic crafted by a beautiful fate. It’s 2013 and we can’t be expected to spend a lot of time on something like that.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80578,"Donald Trump’s son Eric touted his father’s support among Hispanics, Buzfeed News reported. “People often talk about Hispanics,” Eric Trump said earlier this week on Irish radio’s RTE Radio1’s “Drivetime.” “You know, I have more Hispanics come up to me telling me, ‘Listen, I can’t wait for your father to be president. He’s going to bring jobs back to the United States. He’s going to end the nonsense. He’s going to create good trade deals. He’s going to create better education. He’s going to create a better family structure.’”

But, surprisingly, that’s when he said, “And you know something? I’m surprised that they actually think I believe a word that comes out of their illegal immigrant mouth. I mean, it’s my job to be polite and not cause any problems for my dad, because he’s got his hands full and all that. But, it’s very difficult to stand there and listen to thousands of Latin people suck up to you when you know that they hate both you and your father to the core. Being in politics takes a lot of thick skin, I’ll tell you that.”

“And what’s funny to me is, they actually think I’m that stupid. Like, they’ll say all these nice things about my dad, and in reality, they couldn’t be more scared of him. I know that there’s this stereotype concerning rich kids, how we’re all stupid and idiots and how all we’re ever good for is shopping and spending money on stupid things. But they should really do some homework before talking to me about anything, and they’ll quickly learn that’s not the case,” he added.

Trump Junior continued, “Like, for instance, I was very good at geography when I was in school. But, they don’t know that. And that’s just another example of how lazy the Hispanics are as a race. And the main reason why they’re so afraid of my dad is he’s going to deport them back to Asia when he wins the election. It’s a well-known fact that fear makes people to crazy things. It’s made them come and try to suck up to me so I’d help them get in my dad’s good graces. Yeah, good luck with that.”

“My father is not a stupid man, and I can tell you he didn’t father a stupid son, either,” Eric Trump added. “And when he does deport all these lazy Hispanics back to Asia where they came from, he’ll be doing that for two reasons. The first one is obvious – we don’t need lazy people in this country. The second is that’s part of his plan of taking back American jobs from China. That’s why he’ll send most of the Hispanics back to the Chinese capital of Bangkok, which is where most American jobs are located at the moment.”

“And to the Chinese President, Mr. Ho Chi Minh, I’d like to say – get ready, Sir. You’re about to get a fierce opponent in the American corner of the ring. We’ll see how you’ll do against a heavy-weight like Donald Trump,” Trump Junior concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80730,"WASHINGTON — Citing a lack of advocacy or interest toward domestic abuse and violence against women, President of the NRA, David Keene announced the introduction of a new “Guns for Girls” program targeted at addressing this issue.

Shocked by the fact that 1/3 of women in the world will experience some form of violence during their lives, the NRA, largely considered one of the most influential lobbying groups in the country, explains that it decided to tackle this issue when the government would not.

The “Guns for Girls” program is only one part of the three-step initiative the NRA hopes to introduce into the U.S. school system. Starting with the “Period Pistol”, the NRA will begin to distribute .22 caliber pistols – customizable in either pink or purple colors – to all girls once they begin menstruation.

“The key here is to arm the adolescents early,” says NRA spokeswoman Donna Mayes. “If we give these young girls guns, they will be able to defend themselves against potential assailants and rapists.”

Following the Period Pistol launch, aimed for girls aged 11 to 15, the NRA plans to introduce two additional branches to the Guns for Girls initiative, the “Capguns for Kids” for ages 5 to 10 and the “Sweet 16 Gauge Shotgun” for those 16 and older.

Keene explains, “Violence against women is a real issue that needs to be addressed, and more people need to realize that guns are not toys. This is why we think starting the kids out with the Caps program will make such a difference”.

This program is slated to begin in January of 2013 and the NRA hopes to arm all female adolescents by 2015.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81019,"WASHINGTON — A report issued by the Justice Department revealed that the FBI gave informants permission to commit 5,568 crimes in one year. Although the FBI has admitted to allowing tipsters to break the law in the past, the new report indicated that white informants committed 89% of the sanctioned crimes.

The FBI said that what is known in the bureau as “otherwise illegal activity” is a necessary part of apprehending major criminals. “We’re trying to catch the big fish,” said Eric Velez-Villar, Assistant Director of the FBI’s Intelligence Division. “We have overwhelming statistical evidence that most crimes committed by white people lead to bigger crimes committed by African-Americans and other minorities.”

Agents authorized an average of 15 crimes a day that ranged from robbery to drug trafficking and the bribing of government officials. “If we let enough white people commit crimes, eventually they’re going to lead us to minority criminals, which are often the root of the problem,” added Velez-Villar.

Velez-Villar said the FBI looks at “the big picture” when it comes to crime. “Take narcotics, for example. We could arrest all of the white people that we know use drugs, but where does that get us? If we allow drug activity to continue for long enough, it will eventually lead us to a minority suspect, and then we know it’s time to act.”

The American Civil Liberties Union called the report’s findings an “outrageous violation of citizens’ rights” and vowed to launch an investigation into all levels of the criminal justice system. Crimes permitted by the FBI make up only a small percentage of the total number of offenses allowed for informants working with local, state, and federal agencies each year.

“There is no reason that the FBI or any other agency of the law should pit different races of people against one another, regardless of the affect on crime,” said Tony Sartoris, a spokesman for the ACLU.

The FBI countered that stopping crime should come first, in spite of racial implications. “We understand how the numbers look,” said Shauna Dunlap, a spokeswoman for the FBI. “But our job is to stop crime, not hold hands. Besides, we are not entirely responsible for the demographics of our informants. We can’t help it that white people are pretty much the only ones willing to snitch.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80901,"NEW YORK — With the holiday season just around the corner, JDate and Christian Mingle have announced their sponsorship of an interfaith sexual orgy. While both sites hold fast to their mission statements of pairing Jews with Jews and Christians with Christians, they hope that a one time inter-religious sexual bonanza will help promote religious tolerance.

A JDate press release had this to say about the upcoming event: “We still believe in creating future Jewish homes. We just think anti-Semitism can be combated if we allow a gaggle of gentile girls to feel the glory of a bunch of Jewish meat.”

In order to help fuel the sexual free-for-all, organizers will reportedly provide wine blessed by both a rabbi and a priest.

While the date and location of the orgy have not yet been released, the message boards on Christian Mingle are already buzzing with anticipation.

“I am really looking forward to it,” said user Living4Him. “While I plan on settling down with someone who accepts Jesus Christ as their lord and savior, I can’t wait to do the Horah with a curly-haired girl. That’s a sex thing, right?”

While the full guest list has yet to be disclosed, it has been reported that only “8’s and above from both faiths will be invited.” The attractiveness requirement was met with swift condemnation from the Interfaith Council of Ugly Clergy. The Council believes that ugly people need love too, and that all of God’s children could benefit from some interfaith oral.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80442,"“President Barack Obama was blasted by HBO talk show host Bill Maher on Friday for saying religion isn’t responsible for terrorism, comparing the president’s statement to a National Rifle Association slogan. Mr. Maher said Friday that when President Obama said “No religion is responsible for terrorism. People are responsible for violence and terrorism,” that statement bore a striking resemblance to the NRA slogan, “guns don’t kill people, people kill people.”

“Maher added that the administration’s reluctance to use terms “Islamic terrorism” seems Orwellian. “It seems like we’re paying a very high price for this, which is that we can’t even discuss it rationally. Can’t we at least say that there are a number of factors involved and the religion is certainly one of them?” Maher said, Mediaite reported Saturday. “This idea, he presented this idea that ‘Well, it’s poverty and education.’ It is poverty and education also, but why are they impoverished and uneducated? It’s mostly because of religion.”

“He further added that Muslim allies in Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Jordan should be sending ground troops in to fight the extremist militants and not rely on American military powers and he called on moderate Muslims to stand up against the Islamic State.

““They’re always expecting us to bail them out. This would be a great time for moderate Muslims, who I hear so much about, why don’t you go to the Middle East to fight ISIS? The only real problem I see there is – where to put Obama? I honestly think he should join in and do his part for the cause, instead of just putting his legs up on a priceless Victorian desk in the White House. Then at least no one would have the right to criticize him, as much as he deserves it,” “Maher concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80839,"NEW YORK – After agreeing with a strong majority on a proposal that would extend the right to vote to non-citizens, the New York City Council has turned immediately to the problem of representation for the city’s next largest new population – the cicadas.

“There has been a lot of buzz regarding our proposal to allow residents without citizenship to vote in local elections,” said Councilman Daniel Dromm. “Most of it, actually, came from the cicadas. It’s time their voices are heard.”

Mayor Bloomberg has publicly expressed his opposition to the “Voting by Non-Citizen Residents” legislation on the grounds that it is unconstitutional, despite the Council’s veto-proof, 34-vote majority. The Mayor has, however, stated that he supports enfranchisement for cicadas legally residing in New York.

“The cicada demographic is unique among insects in its emphasis on health and longevity,” Michael Bloomberg said, wreathed in a swarm of bugs. “They have no need for sugary drinks bigger than .002 ounces, they hate cigarettes, and,” he slapped an insect against his arm, examined it and flicked it aside, “they don’t mind swat and frisk.”

Councilwoman Gale Brewer also expressed support for cicada suffrage, explaining, “Since the life cycle only lasts 17 years, most cicadas are never old enough to be enfranchised. The system is rigged against them, and we don’t think that’s fair.”

From now on, if the Council’s proposal is made into law, non-citizens who meet all the other requirements for voting, have legally resided in New York for six months or longer, or are cicadas, will be able to register and vote in local elections. Upon hearing the news, the cicadas buzzed almost unanimously in approval, with only several buzzing in dissent.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81026,"NEW YORK — In the wake of their defeats in Tuesday’s Democratic primary election, former Democratic stars, Anthony Weiner and Elliot Spitzer made plans to drown their sorrows in a 24-hour sexting binge and whore-fest, respectively.

“I just don’t understand it,” said former Representative Weiner, who came in a distant 5th place in the primary for Mayor. He scored less than 5% of the vote in his attempt to return to politics after he resigned in 2011 after it became known that he had sent sexually explicit images via cell phone to women. The ‘sexting’ scandal came to be known as Weinergate. “I was the shining beacon of the Democratic party. A personal friend of The Daily Show’s John Stewart. I fought for the people! The definition of the fighting liberal! Why didn’t they vote for me?”

He then sighed and shoved his smartphone down his pants to Instagram a photo of his genitals to random women with the subject heading of ‘Little Tony Is Having a Sad.’

Former New York Governor Elliot Spitzer fared better in his race to become New York City’s Comptroller, but still ultimately lost, 52-48 to Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer. “It’s still a little hard to swallow,” said Spitzer, who was forced to resign as Governor in 2008 after he was exposed as having been a repeat client of a prostitution ring run as an elite escort service by Emperors Club VIP. “I really thought the City had forgiven me my transgressions. I spent my career fighting for the common man and putting the screws on Wall Street during my tenure as Attorney General. But in the end my predilection for having large amounts of heterosexual sex with consenting adults for money proved to be my undoing.”

Spitzer then excused himself from the press conference, saying the clock had already started on a 24-hour VIP Backstage Pass to the Larry Flynt’s Hustler Club on Riverside Drive he’d just purchased online.

Asked if Tuesdays losses were a sign that voters really do care about a candidate’s moral character, Democratic Political Commentator James Carville said it depended on the circumstances. “Spitzer and Weiner’s real mistake wasn’t getting caught in a sex scandal, it was getting caught in a sex scandal while being a Democrat,” he explained. “Look at Diaper Dave Vitter, look at Appalachian Trail Mark Sanford. The world knows they’re deviants and they still get elected.”

“Yes Sir,” he added. “If you’re gonna get your freak on but want to stay in politics, you need to be a Republican.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79873,"WASHINGTON DC – Pat Buchanan: “if only Putin would have been leader of the free world and Obama of Russia”.

An unnamed source from the Republican party has openly stated that the general opinion within the party is that Obama is leading the country into doomsday recession, which has a twofold effect on world events: primarily, it is felt that such practice is diminishing the power and significance of American presence worldwide, while countries like Russia and China are increasing theirs.

Secondly, the symbolism of the Russian president has become incredibly potent in recent years, which is why an increasing number of American politicians (and especially republican ones) are openly admitting to admiring Vladimir Putin!

The fact to the matter is that world leaders with the kind of charisma that, for example, Kennedy had will never be born again, but it seems that the “iron bear” (how Putin is often referred to) is slowly managing to do the impossible. In fact, there have even been rumors that several party officials have stated that they would rather have a vodka or watch a hockey game with Putin than have a conversation with Obama! Additionally, it’s no secret that people just don’t like the fact that Obama keeps hiding that he’s a Muslim, unlike Putin who has on several occasions pointed out his belief in the Christian Orthodox Church.

Furthermore, they say that not only is Putin widely praised for his perseverance when it comes to the representation of Russia’s global socio-economic interests, but he is also being openly admired by several prominent republican party members, who feel that his charisma and relentlessness are exemplary characteristics of a global leader. The republicans’ next step remains to be seen, but it will undoubtedly be a very light one.

Who would you prefer as President of the United States? PUTIN

OBAMA View Results",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81286,"NEW YORK – Two innocent bystanders who were shot by NYPD officers in bustling Times Square Saturday night are reportedly in stable condition and, according to doctors, simply happy to have been rescued from the “nightmarish hellscape that is Times Square.”

The two women—54 and 35 years old—were wounded by officers as they pursued a “mentally unstable” man who was reportedly pretending that his metro card was a gun. Officers opened fire on the man, but missed. The errant bullets struck one woman in the leg and the other in the buttocks, and both women told reporters that they were “very grateful” for their injuries.

“If I hadn’t been shot, the ambulance might not have come to rescue me, and I might still be wandering around Times Square, being harassed by guys trying to sell me airbrushed paintings of Al Pacino characters,” the first victim said. “Thank God for NYPD’s reckless behavior and poor aim.”

The second victim agreed that the officers who shot her in the buttocks had “totally saved the day.” “I’d been trying to get the hell out of Times Square for over three hours,” she said. “But everywhere I turned some gawking tourist was blocking the way, or someone was shoving free comedy club tickets in my face—I felt like I was suffocating. But then I heard a pop and felt the bullet enter my butt cheek. Very soon after, EMT’s came and pulled me out of that circus of nightmares.”

Both of the victims were taken to nearby hospitals, which they reportedly found refreshingly devoid of garish, overblown ads and soul-numbing Disney stores.

NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly said that the officers will not be subject to disciplinary action over the incident. “As far as we’re concerned, the officers performed a valuable public service,” Kelly said. “They saved two citizens from our real-world version the Blade Runner set. If anything, promotions are in order.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82213,"Bill O’Reilly questioned Donald Trump’s ability to provide jobs in African-American communities during an interview on Monday by painting black Americans as being ill-equipped for the labor force. “How are you going to get jobs for them?” O’Reilly asked. “Many of them are ill-educated and have tattoos on their foreheads, and I hate to be generalized about it but it’s true. If you look at the educational statistics, how are you going to give jobs to people who aren’t qualified for jobs?”

“Well, last time I checked, you don’t need a college degree to be shoveling sh*t,” the billionaire businessman responded, causing both of them to laugh. “Seriously though, there is a ton of jobs in our country where you don’t really need to use your brain. In fact, if you didn’t have one, you could still be doing something. For example, look at Kim Kardashian. She’s practically a zombie, and she still manages to earn thousands and thousands of dollars every day. So, you don’t really need a lot of brain power to be making money in this country.”

O’Reilly interjected, saying, “But, she’s hot. What are you to do if you have a tattoo on your forehead and a physique like Quasimodo?” “That’s easy – you join the circus. Even if you’re a freak, people will still pay good money to mock at you. And if you have a strong stomach, you can take all that and still make a ton of money. And not only that, you’ll have enough to pay your taxes. So, regardless of the color of your skin, your physical condition or possible absence of any brain activity, you can still have a job in America. I mean, just look at Obama,” Trump responded, causing even more laughs throughout the studio.

“Wait a minute, what about Mexicans, then?” O’Reilly added. Trump said, “What about them? They’re job-stealing idiots who are destroying the American economy, but at least they’re willing to go through the trouble of finding a job and sticking to it. At least they want to study and learn more and struggle for a better life. Black people don’t want any of that, they just want to steal stuff, do drugs and make rap music. As far as they’re concerned, Mexicans are white. They deserve a better life more than black people, regardless of the illegal means through which they’re attempting to achieve it. But, we can make jobs. We will make jobs. Anybody will be able to have any kind of job they want. They just have to make the right decision come November.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
28647,"The research section of the USDA studies everything from nutrition to climate change, and according to the 2008 Farm Bill the “chief scientist” is supposed to be the leader “among distinguished scientists with specialized or significant experience in agricultural research, education and economics.” President Donald Trump’s pick, Sam Clovis, doesn’t seem to have any of […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81324,"ATLANTA – CNN is raiding Fox News of all their major players, on-air and off. Everyone from the network’s on-air personalities to part-time janitors and cafeteria staff are being recruited by CNN.

Long time contributor Dick Morris’ contract was not renewed by Fox News and Wednesday night he appeared on CNN’s “Piers Morgan Tonight.” In November, Morris famously predicted Mitt Romney would win the presidency in a landslide victory. Morris has not been seen on Fox News since Nov. 12, most likely because his mere appearance hurts any network’s credibility. CNN; however, doesn’t seem to care.

“We aren’t concerned with credibility right now,” said CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker. “I’m more concerned with throwing money at other network’s employees. I want to build CNN from Fox News’ garbage. What is the saying? One man’s trash is another man’s overpaid news personality?”

Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin recently parted ways with Fox News and there are rumors CNN is interested in bringing aboard the outspoken political figure. Zucker is known to have an infatuation with Fox News hosts who have little talent, which makes Palin a perfect fit.

In addition to putting Morris on “Piers Morgan Tonight” and a potential Palin signing, there were a number of new janitorial staff members seen roaming the hallways at CNN Wednesday night. There were whispers backstage that CNN has also hired away a Fox News cafeteria chef to cook vegetarian meals for Anderson Cooper. Zucker is sparing no expense when it comes to hiring Fox News employees.

“I was taking the trash out of Mr. Cavuto’s office and I got a call from Mr. Zucker,” explained CNN’s new head of 5th floor janitorial services Cal Stewart. “He said he will pay me double whatever I’m getting paid now, I just needed to start working at CNN the next day. So here I am unclogging Nancy Grace’s personal toilet. It’s a dream come true.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80065,"Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney had an unusual lecture for reporters on Tuesday about how a “good shutdown” would “fix” Washington, D.C. At Tuesday’s White House press briefing, Mulvaney complained that Democrats had taken credit for “winning” negotiations over a $$1 trillion spending bill. Earlier in the day, President Donald Trump had also lashed out at Democrats’ budget spin and threatened to shut down the government during future negotiations. “The signal that we are sending is that we are competent, we know what we’re doing and the government is safe in our hands,” Mulvaney said of the budget.

“And at the same time, when I consider everything aforementioned, it’s just beyond me why we’re still being targeted and labeled as the destroyers of American democracy or whatever it is they’re calling us these days,” he added. “Let me tell you something about the Trump administration, ladies and gentlemen of the press. We are working our butts off trying to fix everything the previous administration screwed up, and another thing: you, along with the American public, are lucky that we’re reluctant to disclose what it is that Obama and his lackeys did wrong, because there’s a lot of it, you wouldn’t believe how much. And it’s not a pretty picture, not by a longshot.”

He continued, “Furthermore, not only was electing Donald Trump as president the right choice for the future of this country, but it was the only choice. Had it been anyone else – especially Hillary Clinton – this country would have been bankrupt by now. We’d look like a post-apocalyptic wasteland, you know, the kind you see in science fiction movies that take place in the future. Luckily, that won’t happen with Donald Trump as president, because if that man knows anything, it’s how to take a loser, polish it up and turn it into a winner. That being said, there’s a lot that’s still wrong with this country, and the majority of it is, unfortunately, located in Washington D.C. I’m not going to go into the details, but let’s just say the place is a snake pit; a snake pit in which President Trump is a King Cobra surrounded by boas and anacondas. I hope that paints the picture for you.”

“Be that as it may, Donald Trump is the not the kind of man that backs down from a challenge. And if we’re being honest, I’m surprised he hasn’t shut down the government yet. He’s taken so many insults aimed towards not only his person, but his family and his children, as well, that I think anybody else in his shoes would have shut down the government months ago. Again, that’s not the way he does things. As a matter of fact, the American people – and especially the media – should thank him for not doing it. We’re all aware of what a disaster that would cause, not to mention the fact that it’d create a stalemate from which we’d then have a hell of a difficult time getting out. Like I said, the man knows what he’s doing, just give him time. Not because he deserves it, but because he deserves your support, admiration and even worship. The government, country and especially the federal budget are safe in his hands,” the budget chief concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82830,"THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA– Hardened criminals everywhere are praising the recent cancellation of America’s Most Wanted, the groundbreaking reality show dedicated to spotlighting the country’s most dangerous fugitives. The program—which had performed poorly in the ratings recently—will not be picked up for another season by Lifetime, its current home network—a decision many sociopaths are […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80028,"Walt Disney World in Florida will shut down the popular “Hall of Presidents” attraction if Donald Trump is elected President in November, a Disney executive said Thursday.

“We’d rather just shut it down and gut the place than put up a robot of that asshat,” said Jeff Tillman, Vice President of Attraction Development. “He’s hateful, misogynistic, and racist, and we don’t need that kind of energy in our parks, even in robot form.”

The Hall of Presidents was one of the original Walt Disney World attractions when the park opened in 1971. It includes audio-animatronic representations of all 45 chief executives, and each time a new president is elected, the attraction is shuffled around to make room for his [or her] robot on stage.

Disney already has contingency plans in place for the Hall of Presidents should any of Trump’s challengers – namely Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Ted Cruz – win in November.

“We have some props leftover from our Haunted Mansion refurbishment that would work great for the Democrats,” said TIllman. “We have a hideous, cackling witch that could stand in for Hillary, and a ghost that could be done up to resemble Bernie.” And as for Cruz: “One of our props that didn’t make it to the Seven Dwarves Mine Train.”

When told that the Hall of Presidents would close if he were to win the election, Donald Trump responded with characteristic bombast.

“Look, Disneyworld is a joke, OK? Nobody goes there any more. If they put me in there, maybe people will start coming again. In fact, you know what? Screw the Hall of Presidents. They should put a statue of me right in the middle of the park. And they should build a wall around that Mexico attraction they have over at Epcot, and deport all the people working there. Probably illegals and rapists anyway. Make America great again!”

Newslo sent reporter Darrel Simmons to Orlando to talk with Walt Disney World tourists and get their thoughts on the possible Hall of Presidents closure.

A Texas woman, who asked not to be identified, said that Disney needs to put a robot of Donald Trump in the attraction to “class up the place.”

“There’s some black guy in there, he really shouldn’t be there.”

She then gave a Nazi salute and walked toward the Haunted Mansion.

Another tourist, when asked about Donald Trump, punched our reporter before walking away. Trump then tweeted that he would offer to pay the tourist’s legal bills.

Gutting the Hall of Presidents would leave Disneyworld with a huge, colonial building with no attraction inside. However, Tillman already has an idea of how the buildings will be used:

“Bookstores. We’re going to sell books, at least, as long as reading books is still legal. Specifically, we’re going to have history books; books about the Constitution, and books about the rise of Nazi Germany and Japanese internment camps in the US, so Americans can see where their country is headed.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80341,"PHOENIX – A special edition of the popular MTV program “Cribs” has gone inside the home of Jim Larkin, co-owner of the controversial classifieds site, Backpage.com. Despite myriad reports of prostitution and human trafficking advertisements on the site – often involving minors — Backpage.com has earned Larkin millions and allowed him to live a life usually reserved for top-tier celebrities and Fortune 500 businessmen. Larkin’s palatial estate in Phoenix, Arizona is certainly one of the most impressive properties ever seen on “Cribs.”

The 64,000 square-foot home comes complete with two pools, a twelve-seat movie theatre, an indoor basketball court, a guest house, and eight bedrooms.

Members of the “Cribs” crew reportedly expressed great outrage to their superiors when they learned of Larkin’s occupation. “I Googled it quickly,” one camera operator told Newslo. “A hundred and eighty-six minors have been sex-trafficked on this dude’s site – and this guy’s getting commissions every time.”

Larkin has stated that the site has a “libertarian,” laissez-fare approach to its content, and has fought back against activists and political figures that want the site shut down. His rebuttals are unsurprising, as the loose rules and light oversight of Backpage.com have led to significant profits for those involved. The site, which accounts for 80% of the nation’s online sex ads according to The New York Times, earns an estimated $$31,000,000 in annual revenues.

Larkin, who receives a commission from the ads posted on the site, clearly sees a fine cut of Backpage’s revenues.

“This is the house that human trafficking built,” a “Cribs” gaffer said.

Larkin himself gave “Cribs” the tour of his estate. In moments that appeared quite forced, he points out various possessions in the home that he claims he bought on Backpage.com, in what seems to be an attempt to convince viewers that the site has legitimate, non-sexual business practices. “Look at this vase,” Larkin says midway through the program, beaming. “Thanks, Backpage!”

The vase was later found to be a nineteenth-century antique that Larkin purchased for $$73,000 at a Sotheby’s auction.

Perhaps most telling were two moments in the half-hour special in which Larkin’s gaffes inadvertently revealed the truth about his site. The first came when Larkin brought the camera crew into the “grotto” of his second pool, a manmade cave resembling a picturesque lagoon. “I’ve thrown some great parties here,” Larkin says. “The last one was a little celebration for some of the pimps we — ” Larkin then paused, caught himself, and asked the crew to “move on.”

Back inside, Larkin toured his “Wall of Fame,” a corridor lined with pictures of himself and well-known figures he has met. “This is me with my good buddy Chris,” Larkin says, pointing to a framed photograph of him and Chris Hansen, former host of Dateline NBC’s “To Catch a Predator.” “He even autographed it for me!” Larkin boasts.

Unbeknownst to him, however, the camera operator then zoomed in on the photograph, revealing the contents of Hansen’s writing. “To Jimbo,” it reads, “thanks for keeping me in business!”

The special edition “Cribs” episode is set to air in late October.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81419,"BOSTON — The National Hockey League’s recent announcement canceling all NHL games through December 30 has forced a number of professional hockey players to turn to the sport of curling to make a living.

“There’s something about a biter on swingy ice in an extra end that gets my juices going!” Said San Jose Sharks left wing Frazer McLaren, a closet curling enthusiast now out in the open. “This lock-out has been a God-send.”

In the past few months, more and more NHL regulars have found their true calling between the hog line and the backline. A recent bonspiel featured Anaheim Ducks right wing Andrew Gordon sweeping ice as Montreal Canadiens center Andrea Engqvist delivered a stone under the watchful eye of Calgary Flames goalie Leland Irving, acting as skip.

“There’s a majesty to curling you just don’t get in the NHL,” said Minnesota Wild right wing Jed Ortmeyer. “When a double takeout flips the balance of power, it’s too beautiful for words. What has hockey got, anyway? A slapshot? Please.”

The influx of professional hockey players into the sport has had both positive and negative consequences. “All the attention we’ve been getting lately has been great for business, no doubt,” said World Curling Federation President Kate Caithness, pointing to new sponsorship deals with Under Armour, ThermaCare, and Yuengling Brewery. “But some of our new curlers play a more contact-oriented game than we’re used to.”

A recent altercation between New York Rangers defensive player Stu Bickel and Colorado Avalanche left wing Cody McLeod has the curling world stunned. The incident arose after Bickel delivered a heavy hammer in the third end that bounced off the bumper and crashed into McLeod’s foot, shocking the dozens of curling fans in attendance.

“I think Stu forgot we weren’t wearing helmets when he hit Cody over the head with the stone,” said Philadelphia Flyers center Maxime Talbot who witnessed the incident. “I’d never actually seen brains on the ice before, but props to Cody for getting right back up and calling a burned stone before passing out and being rushed to the hospital.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80224,"“I think, when you look at everything that’s going on over there, you have to give God credit for the earthquake. Something had to shake up these people, this region, and it was an act of God. Not global warming, or some unexplained natural event, but God.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80887,"HOMER, Alaska — Just days after former Governor Sarah Palin announced that she’s writing yet another book, beleaguered Alaskans have finally accepted the former governor’s refusal to step out of the limelight. Alaskans say they are tired of being associated with the semi-literate Palin and her pack of terribly-named children. But citizens say they will no longer take the indignity lying down. Alaskans have been planning a lawsuit since Palin’s rise to national stardom and will soon seize the opportunity to bring the woman to justice.

“It’s at the point where I don’t even want to admit where I’m from,” says Jessica Turtle, an Alaska native currently studying at Oregon State University. “People used to ask me about igloos and dogsleds. Now they just ask why I don’t have that ridiculous North Dakota accent. Or if my mom is a grizzly bear.”

Residents were hesitant to file a lawsuit in past years, doubting Palin’s staying-power in the public eye. But after four years making a fool of the state on reality television, Facebook, and Fox News, Palin has proven she is more than happy to remain America’s punch line. But enough is enough, Alaskans say, particularly to her absurd Alaskan rhetoric and abominable metaphors that no dweller of the Last Frontier would be caught dead saying.

“A musk ox running over tundra?” cried Steve Willard, a life-long local of Homer. “Who would ever witness such a thing in their lives? Tell me, who?” Willard pines for the days when Lower Forty-Eighters would mercilessly tease about penguins, the idiocy of Eskimo kisses, and the teeth of folk-singer, Jewel. “Do people know how much inbreeding goes on in this state?” Willard asked. “Have they seen us, for fuck’s sake? This place may as well be Chernobyl. But I guess no one gives a shit about that anymore.”

Hoping that all profits from Palin’s fitness book will go to repaying the humiliated Alaskans, citizens say they finally have a reason to support their unwanted spokesperson. “I’m encouraging all of my friends to buy the book,” Turtle says. “Or give it as a gift to someone they hate.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81115,"NEW YORK — MSNBC once again finds itself in hot water owing to a bigoted remark made by one of its employees. This time, it was a tweet describing a Super Bowl ad for Cheerios that made Republicans’ blood pressure skyrocket and threatened to sour the network’s breakfast lineup.

“Maybe the rightwing will hate it, but everyone else will go aww: the adorable new #Cheerios ad w/ biracial family,” read the tweet, which prompted an immediate backlash from the Republican National Committee.

Burnt by the disparaging comments, the RNC’s chairman, Reince Priebus called upon all breakfast-related sponsors to withdraw all support for MSNBC’s popular a.m. talk show, “Morning Joe.”

In a letter to MSNBC’s president, Priebus wrote, “With increasing frequency many of your hosts have personally denigrated and demeaned Americans—especially conservative” Americans who, “just want to eat their breakfast in peace without upsetting their stomachs with the thought of there being biracial couples making babies.”

“When Ronald Reagan talked about it being morning in America,” continued Priebus, “he wasn’t talking about the importance of interest rates or inflation, he was talking about the sanctity of the most important meal of the day—breakfast.”

“Morning Joe” was famously “brewed by Starbucks” until late last year, when the four-year partnership with the coffee behemoth suddenly ended after co-host Mika Brzezinski suggested that the steep price of a Starbucks latte “should be subsidized by the government.”

Now facing the loss of another major underwriter, MSNBC president Phil Griffin tried to repair the damage and retain the backing of Cheerios as part of their complete breakfast spread of sponsors.

In a statement the network president wrote, “We have dismissed the person responsible for the tweet. I personally apologize to Mr. Priebus and to everyone offended. At MSNBC we believe in passionate, strong debate about the issues and we invite voices from all sides to participate. That will never change.”

Priebus tentatively accepted the apology and issued a warning to the network. “Now we have to stay on top of it,” said Priebus in an appearance on “Hannity.”

“It’s sort of like being on probation I guess. But the fact of the matter is, we’re here, we’re watching them,” which, he continued, “is a hell of a lot more than I can say of CNN.”

Asked if he would appear on “Morning Joe” in the future, Priebus said it depended on whether “the producers insist on serving [him] black coffee mixed with white cream—it’s kind of disgusting, you know. I’d much rather enjoy a tall glass of white milk.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81359,"WASHINGTON – The contentious House oversight hearings last week of the NSA’s surveillance activities highlighted two opposing interpretations of what constitutes legal activity. House Intelligence Committee chair Mike Rogers (R-MI) explored this disconnect while questioning American University law professor Stephen Vladeck, eventually coming to the logical conclusion that a woman could not be raped if she was not aware that she was being raped.

Rogers began his questions noting that nobody had come forward in ten years with specific complaints of their privacy being violated by the NSA’s activities. “[That] clearly indicates that something must be doing right. Somebody must be doing something exactly right,” he said. “You can’t have your privacy violated if you don’t know your privacy is being violated.”

Vladeck then explained that if a tree falls in a forest, it makes a sound whether anyone sees it fall or not. This analogy seemed to shock Rogers, who replied, “Well that’s a new interesting standard in the law. We’re going to have this conversation… but we’re going to have wine, because that’s going to get a lot more interesting.”

Vladeck then pressed Rogers to explain how far his concept of “it’s not illegal if you don’t get caught” would go. “If nobody knows you’ve done anything wrong, what’s the harm?” Rogers responded. “I’d say pretty much the sky’s the limit. Stalking, burglary, even rape.”

“Rape?” asked a clearly stunned Vladeck.

“Sure. If a guy has sex with a woman who doesn’t know they’re having sex, it’s not really rape, is it? She doesn’t know what’s happening, so she’s not creating any bad memories or experiencing any trauma,” explained Rogers. “Say a woman’s in a coma. What does she care if some guy has sex with her? That’s not rape.

“Hell,” he added. “It might even snap her out of her coma and she’d be grateful.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81584,"HAVANA, Cuba — Determined to become more popular than the United States Congress, former Cuban dictator Fidel Castro has hired top PR firm Edelman to help show the American people that he is cooler than their own politicians.

In a national poll by Public Policy Polling, United States Congress was voted less popular than cockroaches, traffic jams, and the band Nickelback. However, in a head to head poll, Congress still proved to be more popular than Fidel Castro.

“We have talked to numerous Americans who are open to liking Fidel Castro. They just need to get to know him better,” said Edelman COO Matthew Harrington. “We just need to show Americans the real Fidel.”

Edelman has already set up various social media pages for the former dictator, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest pages. Harrington feels that the added exposure will immediately make Castro more popular.

Castro is using Pinterest to pin pictures of his favorite communist-themed memes, as well as his favorite Cuban home decor. Castro also uses his Twitter account to mock Congress and their members. Castro tweeted the following about House Speaker John Boehner: “Do you think John Boehner cried when he saw Promised Land? I bet he did. #manbaby #alwayscrying”

Only time will tell if Edelman’s influence will help, but Castro is sure he can become more likeable than Congress.

“I know if the American people get to know me a little better they will like me a lot more than Congress,” explained Castro. “I am excited to announce that I just started my official Facebook fan page two days ago and I already have more ‘Likes’ than Congress.”

No members of Congress were available to speak, as they were reportedly busy making themselves less likeable.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81827,"WASHINGTON — In the wake of last week’s defeat of a bipartisan, widely popular gun regulation bill, NRA Vice President Wayne LaPierre released a statement claiming that the only reason gun control advocates tried to pass tougher gun laws was because either they or someone they love had been a victim of gun violence, or because they had an aversion to seeing innocent people die.

“These people want you to be afraid,” said LaPierre. “Afraid of being killed, afraid of a friend or family member being murdered or maimed, afraid of turning on the TV and seeing that young children have had their lives instantly snuffed out at random. Today, the American people can rest assured that the fear mongers have not won.”

At the Capitol, a minority of senators celebrated their victory over the proposal to curb a phenomenon that is responsible for nearly 32,000 deaths in the US alone each year. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) explained his ‘Nay’ vote, telling reporters: “Though this bill explicitly said that there shall never be a registry of gun owners in this country, and that background checks would only flag those with a history of mental illness or felonious activity—it is clear that the proposal only served the special interests behind it. Specifically, people who themselves have been shot, know a loved one who has been shot, or would rather not one day be shot.”

“Remember, guns don’t kill people,” he added. “They just do what they are specifically and uniquely designed to do”.

Reeling from the vote, the Brady Center for Gun Violence Chairwoman Sarah Brady conceded defeat and confessed that her tireless efforts to reduce gun violence were an assault on liberty. “It’s all true,” said a tearful Brady after reading LaPierre’s statement. “The whole reason why I started my sensible campaign to curb gun violence was because the man I married and raised a family with had part of his brain destroyed by an armed maniac. For that selfish reason alone, I tried to curb every American’s God-given rights to live in a society awash in weaponry that by its very existence increases the likelihood someone you know and love will suffer a violent death or severe injury. I am so ashamed. Thank you, Wayne LaPierre, for showing me the error of my ways.”

A new Quinnipiac University poll shows that while 91% of all Americans support universal background checks on all firearm sales, 100% of responders do not wish to become the next victim of gun violence.

Another study showed that 97% of those polled wished that the next time LaPierre made a public statement, he would literally shoot his mouth off. The remaining 3% were undecided.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79819,"“Washington, D.C. – Hillary Clinton, who has increasingly turned to Twitter as she plans her all-but-announced presidential run, upset the Chinese government on Monday with a message she posted on the social networking site. Clinton tweeted: “The detention of women’s activists in #China must end. This is inexcusable.”

“The tweet linked to a New York story about five female activists in China who were arrested for protesting a wide array of women’s issues. They stand accused, according to the Times, of provoking social instability. According to Reuters, the message did not go over well inside the Chinese government.

“Hua Chunying, China’s Foreign Ministry spokesman, said on Tuesday: “China is a country ruled by law. Relevant departments will handle the relevant case according to law. We hope that public figures in other countries can respect China’s judicial sovereignty and independence.”

“Clinton criticizing the Asian nation’s human rights record is far from new. A highpoint of Clinton’s eight years in the East Wing was at the United Nations’ 4th World Conference on Women in Beijing, where the then-first lady took on China’s human rights record and declared, “human rights are women’s rights and women’s rights are human rights once and for all.”

“Clinton said: “Freedom means the right of people to assemble, organize and debate openly. It means respecting the views of those who may disagree with the views of their governments. It means not taking citizens away from their loved ones a jailing them, mistreating them or denying them their freedom or dignity because of the peaceful expression of their ideas and opinions.”

However, in an interview with Newslo, Chunying also stated that “the government of the People’s Republic of China has decided to take action against the former first lady.”

He said: “China is a truly great country. And it would not be what it is today if it let everyone speak what they want about it, regardless of where someone may come from. Mrs. Clinton’s comment was not appropriate. She is not in a position to comment on other nations and she should pay more attention to that in the future, since this is not the first time something like this happened.”

He added: “In reaction, the Chinese government has decided to make a donation to the Republican Party and an undisclosed presidential candidate. I cannot divulge any more information regarding the donation, but a message has been sent. A message not to provoke battles that cannot be won.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80702,"NEW YORK — Following a decade-long barrage of reports and stump speeches arguing the American middle class is disappearing, middle-income professionals across the country are begging news outlets and politicians to stop calling their existence into question.

According to Jay Daniels, a 42-year-old middle school physical education teacher from Manlius, New York, the media’s frequent assertions that he is disappearing have left him reconsidering everything he thought he knew about life.

“I have mortgage on a three bedroom house and two kids. I make around $$50,000 a year. I thought I was a member of the American middle class, but the media keeps telling me I’m ceasing to exist,” said Daniels. “Now I don’t know what to believe. Will I have a job in five years? Is my family secure? Is life just a meaningless sequence of events predetermined before my birth? It’s hard to be sure anymore.”

Jessica Holland, a chef from Bakersfield, Illinois, says she used to be at peace with her subjective reality, but claims the countless speeches during the 2012 election cycle mentioning the “disappearing middle class” have left her ruminating on her own mortality and sense of self.

“I mean, I’m pretty sure I exist. I have hobbies. I have friends. I go to work. But when some of the most powerful people in the world are telling me I don’t, who am I supposed to believe? It makes me wonder if my day-to-day experience isn’t just a bizarre illusion or perpetual dream state. But maybe the human experience isn’t just one “Matrix”-style mass hallucination.”

Despite her misgivings, Holland remains hopeful that she might emerge from her personal state of flux should the U.S. regain its foothold as a commercial power in the global economy.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81433,"NEW YORK — The NYPD is making the case for its controversial “stop-and-pepper-spray-a-baby” program, which is the subject of a recent lawsuit. Speaking on Wednesday during the annual convention of the National Action Network—Rev. Al Sharpton’s civil rights organization—Police Commissioner Ray Kelly addressed the issue personally.

“’Stop-and-pepper-spray-a-baby’ has been one of our most effective crime prevention strategies,” Kelly argued. “Our officers have been criticized for stop-and-frisk, stop-and-berate, Simon-says-stop-and-go-no-that-was-a-test-Simon-didn’t-say-go…But we have seen clear results from stop-and-pepper-spray-a-baby.”

“The incidence of people using babies as weapons in NYC is at its lowest in years. “I don’t hear anyone complaining that they haven’t been stabbed by a baby with sharp fingernails that’s holding its arms out like it’s going to dive into a pool,” Kelly added.

A Bronx woman is suing the NYPD because an officer “needlessly and without warning pepper-sprayed a mother, father, and their three small children,” the lawsuit claims. Police suspected that the woman had not paid her subway fare. The confrontation escalated when the woman bent down to try and comfort her children, causing an officer to pepper spray her and her family.

“Stop-and-pepper-spray-a-baby” first began during Mayor Rudy Giuliani’s administration but has intensified under Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s reign. As he has done in the past, the outgoing three-term mayor is siding heavily with the police.

“New York continues to be one of the safest big cities in the world. But part of living in a metropolis means recognizing there are threats both big and small. Babies are very small.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81365,"UNITED STATES OF AMERICA — The breed of human known as a whistleblower was always rare a find, but in recent years many Americans have grown worried that the subspecies may have died out altogether. Increasingly, many Americans have reported spotting whistleblowers in the wild, only to be told that they’ve actually encountered a traitor—a similar but unrelated animal—and such misidentifications are intensifying the concern over the whistleblower’s possible extinction.

Daniel Carpenter, Freed Professor of Government at Harvard University, explained that discerning the subtle differences between a whistleblower and a traitor can be challenging. “Whistleblowers leak information about an organization’s bad behavior in the hope of stopping it,” Carpenter said. “A traitor, on the other hand, gives information to the enemy because they want the enemy to win. In order to distinguish between the two breeds—both majestic in their own ways—you need to understand their motives, which isn’t always easy.”

Carpenter said that, without the ability to probe a specimen’s consciousness, people have to rely on authorities to classify a person as one breed or another. “In the United States, the Obama Administration handles most of these decisions,” Carpenter explained. “For example: Most people would see Bradley Manning and think they’ve stumbled upon a whistleblower. Not so fast, Chachi! According to the federal government, Manning’s a traitor, which is why he was just convicted of espionage. But because your gut says he’s a whistleblower, that realization can be disturbing.”

Lately, America’s enthusiastic human-watchers have been experiencing that disorientation first-hand.

“I thought I saw a whistleblower just the other day, when I was visiting Moscow,” said Jason Kerns, a Minneapolis native who recently returned from a human-watching trip in Europe. “He looked tired and disheveled, like he’d been in the airport a long time. But then my friend told me that, technically, what we’d seen has been classified as a traitor. What a let-down! For a minute there I was really excited.”

Many are hoping that the whistleblowers are simply hibernating, or have all fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy. But data seem to indicate that the breeds’ relative populations really are in flux. Prior to 2008, only three people had ever been charged with violating the Espionage Act; since President Obama took office, that number has risen to eleven, and all of the recent offenses have involved leaking government documents.

“Back in ’71, the opposite mistake happened,” said historian Edward S. Morgan. “Everyone thought that Richard Ellsberg was a traitor, after he leaked the Pentagon Papers, but we quickly found out he was actually a whistleblower. And now he’s so revered that he’s been given the Right Livelihood Award.”

Like Ellsberg, whistleblowers are often lauded, but traitors generally lead much more difficult lives, according to Professor Carpenter. “Unlike whistleblowers, which are praised for their actions, once you get classified as a traitor by the White House taxonomists, you’re pretty much screwed,” he said. Indeed, Bradley Manning now faces up to 136 years in prison.

But Carpenter says that the differences between a whistleblower and a traitor have become even more confusing in recent years, making it almost impossible to say whether or not they still exist. “Even humans like Snowden, which steal information about the government engaging in a massive program designed to steal its citizens’ information, is considered a traitor,” he said. “Try to wrap your head around that one.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81888,"Now that the election frenzy has come to a close, President-elect Donald Trump and his more prominent children (like Ivanka Trump) are still making headlines like crazy, while his lesser-known offspring are more or less overlooked. What that means is that Donald Trump has more than one beautiful (and blond) daughter worth bragging about, and […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80063,"“Washington, D.C. – Rep. Aaron Schock’s lavish tastes and penchant for Instagram collided Monday in a way that’s bound to cause him more headaches after an already rough month for the Illinois Republican. After sifting through flight records, travel expenses and location data on Schock’s Instagram photos, the Associated Press reported Monday that Schock has spent taxpayer dollars to fly on private jets owned by some of his own political donors since mid-2011.

“House ethics rules changed in January 2013 to allow members of Congress to fund private flights with taxpayer dollars as long as they pay for just their share of the cost. But Schock paid for private flights with his House account before that rule changed and it’s not clear if Schock only paid for his potion of the flight after the rule change, according to the Associated Press investigation.

“Schock billed taxpayers more than $$24,000 for eight private flights in 2011 and 2012 on a plane owned by Schock donor Darren Frye. Frye donated $$10,200 to Schock’s reelection campaign and political action committee, GOP Generation Y Fund, in 2013 alone, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.

“Once viewed as a rising GOP star, the fresh-faced 33-year-old congressman is already facing a House ethics inquiry which is ongoing since 2013 stemming from allegations he illegally solicited donations in 2012. And just before the dust settled on that affair, Schock’s office had to manage another crisis when a senior adviser, Ben Cole, resigned after the aide compared black people in his neighborhood to zoo animals.

“According to the left-leaning website Think Progress, Cole’s online remarks included this comment about his black neighbors from 2013: “So apparently the closing of the National Zoo has forced the animals to conduct their mating rituals on my street. #gentrifytoday Pt.1”

Schock told Newslo: “I can’t help it – I admit I’m a man who’s always had a taste for the finer things in life. After all, I didn’t work this hard to be average. I think I deserve everything I have, and if I manage to make something on the side or treat myself to a trip every now in then, well, I don’t see the harm in that. I think I deserve it.”

He added: “There’s just something about travelling by private plane; I don’t know whether it’s because of the privacy or the luxury, or maybe both. All I know is, I just can’t travel on regular flights. In the words of my former aide, I’m not a zoo animal and I’m not black.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81281,"WASHINGTON, D.C. — Republican members of Congress have issued a new referendum on abortion and birth control, asserting that the conception of a child begins at first Mojito. “When you’re looking into her eyes, and you take a sip of that drink right after the bartender gives it to you – that’s when a child […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80135,"“London, UK – On Tuesday Britain voted on becoming the first country in the world to allow a “three-parent” IVF technique which doctors say will prevent some inherited incurable diseases but which critics see as a step towards creating designer babies.

“The treatment is known as “three-parent” in vitro fertilization (IVF) because the babies, born from genetically modified embryos, would have DNA from a mother, a father and from a female donor. It is designed to help families with mitochondrial diseases, incurable conditions passed down through the maternal line that affect around one in 6,500 children worldwide.

“After an emotionally charged 90-minute debate that some lawmakers criticized as being too short for such a serious matter, parliament voted 382 to 128 in favor of the technique, called mitochondrial donation.

“The vote paves the way for a medical first in Britain – which along with the United States has been at the forefront of scientific research on the treatments – but one that is fiercely disputed by some religious groups and other critics.

“The process involves intervening in the fertilization process to remove mitochondria, which act as tiny energy-generating batteries inside cells, and which, if faulty, can cause inherited conditions such as fatal heart problems, liver failure, brain disorders, blindness and muscular dystrophy.

“Andrew Miller, opposition Labor lawmaker and chair of parliament’s science and technology committee, told the debate: “I wouldn’t stand here and defend the concept of designer babies – choosing the color of the eyes and the rest of it. This is about purely dealing with those terrible, terrible illnesses.”

“International charities, advocacy groups and scientists had urged Britain to pass laws to allow the treatment, saying it brought a “first glimmer of hope” for some families of having a baby who could live without suffering.

However, Prime Minister David Cameron focused on a very different aspect of the innovative procedure under debate in the British parliament.

“Being able to cure illnesses is superb and very commendable, but I think there is a more important issue here at hand – the issue of the actual fertilization process. Too long were the Germans the only ones who were legally allowed to be sexually perverted; they’ve had exclusive rights in all of Europe. Well, no more,” the Prime Minister told Newslo.

He added: “Imagine what would have happened if these threesomes were allowed back during WW II. The British nation would have been incomparably healthier, more beautiful and prosperous then it is now. So, I’m here to right the wrong done by Churchill, and I say “yes” to legal threesomes!”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81834,"NEW YORK – True-crime fans have been surprised to discover that, contrary to expectations, the new memoir from convicted-and-then-acquitted murderer Amanda Knox is naught but a series of eloquent rhapsodies and condemnations of the finest dining establishments in Italy. “Waiting to Be Heard” apparently takes its name from a particularly memorable and loud experience in a bustling grotto in Naples, where the chicken scaloppini is reportedly “to die for.”

“After the antipasti, my friend Raffaele [Sollecito] and I simply could not get the wait-staff’s attention for love nor money,” an animated Knox, gesturing with both hands, told CNN’s Chris Cuomo last night. “We are shouting, we are waving, we are launching hilarious fake toast after fake toast as we bang our butter knives against our empty wine glasses. Finally, quite by accident, I trip a busboy. Flatware goes flying, and we are the center of attention. We finished with a braised eggplant risotto drizzled with lemon-zucchini aioli and then an impudent coconut gelato.”

Cuomo repeatedly asked Knox about Meredith Kercher. Kercher, a 21-year-old Briton, was found semi-clothed with her throat slashed in the Umbria villa she shared with Knox. After years of legal floundering, Knox was acquitted of Kercher’s death in 2011. That acquittal was itself tossed out in March. Perhaps not wishing to fuel the fire, Knox demurely said little about the case except that to note she’s “had occasion to miss such masterful cooking.”

The international press devoured the attractive and not-always-forthcoming Knox, much the same way, apparently, that she devoured the “new style” boneless oxtail with celeriac puree at Il Convivio di Troianai in Rome.

“From start to finish I was whisked away, as if in a dream,” Knox writes. “But the next morning: nightmare! I open the door and red everywhere! Raffa has attempted another recipe too difficult for him. Haha, la dolce vita! Oysters with bloodies for brunch – diploids, in season and tasty.”

One early review of “Waiting to Be Heard” gushes: “The question is not, has Amanda Knox for some reason written an exhaustive foodie travelogue of Italia. The question is, how has she written the most stirring, for-all-seasons foodie travelogue in years. I loved it so much, I’ll be taking the trip this fall.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80074,"Recently, Republican Ohio Gov. John Kasich vetoed the so-called “heartbeat bill,” a measure that would have banned all abortions after about six weeks of pregnancy, or before many women even know that they are pregnant. At the same time, Kasich signed a bill banning abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy, with exceptions only for saving a pregnant woman’s life or preventing the “substantial and irreversible impairment of a major bodily function.”

“At the risk of sounding discriminatory, which is not at all my goal here, but at the risk of sounding like that, there is no way women should be allowed control over whether or not they are going to have abortions,” Kasich told the Ohio Daily Star. “Women are wonderful beings, they are kind, loving, incredible and a whole other plethora of adjectives could be used to describe them, but at the end of the day, I’m sorry to have to say this, but the honest truth is that women used to be all those things. The women of today are mainly opportunists and gold diggers, who typically get pregnant due to unsafe sex, or to get their partners to marry them.”

He continued, “Our mothers and women of the old times were the women every man deserved and was blessed to have. Today, the situation is so critical that I honestly fear for the future of this country. And so, I was in a position to make a change and do something important, and so I did. And there’s one very simple reason why I did it. That’s that, if a woman these days is not intelligent enough to keep her legs closed when they’re supposed to be closed, if she doesn’t have the foresight to make sure she doesn’t get herself in a situation where she might be pregnant, then there is no way a woman like that can or should be entrusted with the decision of having an abortion.”

“A woman like that can barely take care of herself, and we’re supposed to tell our doctors to perform an abortion on such a woman and kill her unborn child – a being who’s done no wrong and only exists as its mother’s mistake? Do you really want to put the men and women in our healthcare in that kind of situations? To literally force them to commit manslaughter?” Kasich said. “I don’t know about the rest of the people living in my state, but I for one am not comfortable with that one bit. And so I reacted and did what was necessary to prevent that from happening.”

“And I’ll tell you another thing – as of recently, all cases of out-of-wedlock pregnancies in the state of Ohio will have to be approved by the state. That means that every single couple that becomes pregnant and isn’t married or at the very least engaged, will be scrutinized to determine whether the pregnancy was planned or accidental. And in the case of the latter, the couple will be fined a total of $$100,000, with $$70,000 of the fine being charged on the mother-to-be for not being able to not only use birth control, but having sex before marriage in the first place. Women in this country really need to learn to either keep their legs closed or their other orifices open,” the governor concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81958,"There were many soundbite moments during the presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on Monday night, but one of the highlights arrived near the end when Clinton referenced Alicia Machado, who Trump once described as “Miss Piggy” after her weight gain. Machado, 39, was crowned Miss Universe in 1996, the first year Trump had owned the pageant. The Venezuela native described Trump as a “bully” in a May interview with “Inside Edition.”

As was to be expected, another member of the Trump Army came to the rescue, guns blazing, in an attempt to justify the patriarch’s words and shift the blame elsewhere. “There is absolutely no truth whatsoever in what that woman is saying,” said Eric Trump, Donald Trump’s second son and a self-proclaimed ‘businessman.’ “Everybody knows that this year is officially the let’s-see-who-gets-to-talk-the-most-dirt-about-Donald-Trump year, and the Democrats are paying – handsomely, I might add – for every bad word that gets said about my father. He doesn’t mind at all, he’s used to it. But my siblings and I never let that sort of thing slide, ever.”

Trump’s ever-vocal offspring also took a page from his father’s handbook on shifting blame, and argued that the former Miss Universe recently got an American passport “the only way she knew how – by opening her legs, and then her mouth.” “There’s a word for women like that, and it’s gold digger,” the Republican presidential candidate’s second son said. “I’ll bet that’s also how she won the pageant, and when my father saw her for what she really was, she decided to talk trash about him because he was about to expose her. But I don’t need to say anything else, I have faith that Americans have learned by now what to think about and why they shouldn’t believe illegal immigrants.”

“And that’s exactly what she was and why she’s going to vote for Hillary Clinton,” he continued. “She was an illegal immigrant then and she’s still one now, in my eyes and everyone else’s. Yet, here’s what I’m confused about. She had the opportunity to become my stepmother back then; all she had to do was shut up and look pretty. My dad would have married her on the spot and then she wouldn’t have had to wait all these years and sleep with God-knows-who in order to get an American passport. If she’d played her cards right back then, she would have made it. Instead, she chose to get fat and do it the hard way.”

Eric Trump also added that it’s “probably better things happened the way that they have,” because otherwise his father could have ended up marrying a woman who was “going to vote for the Democrats all along.” “And that doesn’t bode well for a man who’s as wealthy as my father is. If you think about it, even if they’d have no kids, he’d still have to pay alimony for all that food she stuffed down her throat. And judging by the weight she put on after winning the pageant – she ate so much food, you could have fed half of Africa with it. And then still have plenty left for seconds,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80866,"NEW YORK — Tuesday, still a week before Christmas, Citi Pond managers proudly announced that they had set a historical world record by allowing an astounding 16,000 skaters to enjoy the ice at once.

“The one complaint people had about this facility was the wait,” explained Project Coordinator Darryl Matheson. “So on Tuesday evening we decided, why not let everyone in at once? Not only did we succeed, but we proved once and for all that Citi Pond is the world’s premier public skating ice rink. No lines, no admission fee, and more skaters per square foot than anywhere in history.”

While many doubted the safety of the operation, with some even expressing outrage at the stunt, Citi Pond spokespeople assured everyone that this was perfectly safe. “It’s actually far safer than the normal public skating, where you have about 200 people on the ice. Then you worry about accidents, collisions, out of work NHL players. With 16,000, you can’t fall no matter how hard you try.”

Joanne Templeton, a parent who was excited to have her kids skating amongst 16,000 tourists told Newslo that, “I’m happy to pay 18 dollars for my kids to fall on other tourists instead of the ice. I just hope they take down a tourist or two.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81732,"Horoscopes

You know who you are.

SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)

This week: The Sun is sleeping in your life cycle; stick its hand in warm water so it pees on itself. Love: You won’t impress a girl when you tell her your contribution to world hunger is “tube steak.” Career: You will never be “the man.” You will always be “the asshole.” Money: You will not earn much when you try to scalp tickets to the “gun show.” Lucky numbers: 666

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)

This week: If you dance like no one is watching, everyone will laugh at you when you trip. Love: Consider all the ins and outs before asking that girl with the penis back to your apartment. Career: Set your goals lower than humanly possible and you will never be disappointed. Money: For Christmas this year, you will buy yourself a membership to the “Pie of the Month Club.” For Christmas next year: “Insulin of the Month Club.” Lucky numbers: 1,000,000,000,000

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb 18th)

This week: The guy next to you on the bus will think you know he’s tweaking. Do you? Shhhhhh. Don’t look at him. He’ll cut you, man. Love: The guy next to you on the bus is also your soul mate. What do you do? Career: You will skip work to ponder your options on the bus. Money: The soul mate next to you on the bus just took your wallet (and your heart). Lucky Numbers: BX12

PISCES (Feb. 19-Mar. 20)

This week: Stay focused on the end result; please flush it down after you get it. Love: Planetary aspects will cause you to find pleasure in everything. Just don’t pleasure all over your date. Career: Do not yell “FINALLY” at a co-worker’s going away party. Money: Drugs may be a growth industry, but don’t invest with Pete the meth head. He does not care about a good return. Lucky numbers: 3/4

ARIES (Mar. 21-Apr. 19)

This week: Dressing your dog does not make you a stylist. Love: Don’t ask a woman if you can put her on your “in case of horny” list. Career: Peeing in your boss’ latte will not make him less of a dick, but he will be drinking your pee, which is hilarious!!! Money: Get your money for nothing and your chicks for free. Lucky Numbers: 12”

TAURUS (Apr. 20-May 20)

This week: Your life is like a movie. Unfortunately, that movie is “Contagion.” Love: No one needs to know you have four sister wives. Career: You don’t need a college degree if you keep workin’ those fry baskets! Money: Don’t be so quick to brag about the $$1,000 “bargain” you got on that vintage Mötley Crüe lunch box. Lucky numbers: One wooden nickel

GEMINI: (May 21-June 20)

This week: You will learn your life is less like the game “Life” and more like “Hungry Hungry Hippos.” Love: The love bug is a lot like the flu bug, which is a lot like herpes. Just be careful, is all. Career: Kissing the boss’s ass should not mean actually kissing his ass. Unless there’s a paid vacation up in that cinnamon star. Money: The only reason you will sell your soul for money is because it’s much more than you would get for your body. Lucky numbers: Big fat zero

CANCER (June 21-July 22)

This week: It’s good to be able to think on your feet, because someone is going to shoot at you. Love: That itch is one only you should scratch. Career: Aim higher. It doesn’t make any sense to brag about being an extra in a movie with “that girl from ‘Friends’.” Money: Buy your Mom jewelry this year for Christmas. She doesn’t need another candy-pooping reindeer. Lucky Numbers: 1,000 to 1

LEO: (July 23-Aug. 22)

This week: You will be disappointed in the knowledge that someone will always have more than you. You will find security in the knowledge that you will always have more than the homeless. Love: Hugh Hefner gets engaged again. What the fuck is wrong with you? Career: You will score points with your boss if you act stoked about Rush’s induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. You will lose points by saying you also like “The Led Zeppelin.” Money: You can’t pay your rent with the collection of smushed pennies you got from the machine at the zoo, as they will not appreciate in value. Lucky Numbers: 2012

VIRGO: (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)

This week: It is a great burden off of your shoulders to admit you don’t like “30 Rock.” Career: How fast you rise up the ladder of success is largely within your control, just hold your farts on your way. Love: You have a 50/50 chance of scoring with a hermaphrodite. Money: Pinching pennies between your butt cheeks is not saving money. It’s a fetish. Lucky numbers: 227

LIBRA: (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)

This week: If you have the urge to reach out and help someone in need, use hand sanitizer. Love: Blow jobs are not “as intimate as kissing.” Career: You’re a self starter, but that doesn’t mean much at Cold Stone Creamery. Money: Being grateful for what you have doesn’t get you more than being greedy does! Lucky Numbers: 1/8

SCORPIO: (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)

This week: Changing your tune is fine, just don’t change it to “Jingle Bells.” Love: Dressing as Sexy Santa will only let you score with aggressive toddlers and maybe their hot moms. Career: Your boss hopes you will take a leap of faith today. Off a bridge. Money: When times are tough, blow it all on weed. Lucky Numbers: 18-20",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80067,"Mark Green, a Republican state senator from Tennessee who is President Donald Trump’s pick to be army secretary, once told a church group that he opposed universal health care because it makes people less likely to embrace Christianity. As the Washington Examiner reports, Green said in 2015 that it should be the Christian church’s role to help provide sick people with health care so they can more easily convert them to their religion. “The person who’s in need…they look to the government for the answer, not God, and I think in that way government has done an injustice that’s even bigger than just the creation of an entitlement welfare state,” Green said.

Asked to explain his comments on the matter in a recent interview with internet portal KnowMyRepublican.com, Green stated that “people have only ever truly progressed when they were faced with hardships,” as well as that the search for God “becomes the last thing on anyone’s mind when porn and gambling are just a swipe of a touchscreen away.” “I think it has become increasingly difficult to serve God nowadays – I’m not just talking about monks and nuns – I’m talking about normal, everyday people,” he said. “There are so many temptations we’re faced with on a daily basis that it’s really, really difficult to say no. We’ve gotten to a point where abundance has started giving birth to sin rather than purity.”

President Trump’s army secretary pick then argued that people who are currently residing in America and are in need of anything for a normal life pretty much have one of two options: “they can either turn to the government, which many of them do and then they end up cheating the rest of us by using food stamps to buy brand new SUVs or something, or they can turn to God, at which point it’s the church who’s responsible for helping them and guiding them to a better life, all the while using God as a catalyst in order to force them to get closer to our Lord. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that, basically, giving poor people free food and welfare is essentially robbing the church of its right to force them into a closer relationship with God.”

“And let me tell you something – throughout the years, we have been many things, but a godless nation is not one of them, nor will we ever be. Our faith and our religion have always been the one staple that has kept our society afloat through hell and high water, which is why we owe it to the church not to take away its bread and butter. The church cannot exist without its flock; by feeding the hungry and helping the poor, we are essentially doing the church’s work for them, and I don’t know how the rest of you feel about this, but I personally don’t like to play God in any shape or form. We need to let the church do its thing however it sees fit to do it, even if it means turning a blind eye – yet again – if an altar boy should come out and accuse a priest of sexual harassment. There are just some things you do not mess with, period,” Green concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81426,"WASHINGTON — On the eve of the one-year anniversary of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings, hundreds of mourners gathered at the National Cathedral in Washington for a solemn remembrance of the 26 victims. The candlelight vigil set the cathedral’s nave aglow while the World Children’s Choir sang the plaintive “My Beautiful Town” in what Rep. Elizabeth Esty (D-Conn.) described as a “very peaceful, moving, hopeful” service.

On the other side of the Potomac, a small cohort of CIA officials gathered under jaundiced fluorescent lights at the agency’s McLean headquarters to reflect on their own tribute to victims of the mass shooting.

Earlier that day, officials in Yemen confirmed that a U.S. drone had killed at least 15 civilians—including several children— who were on their way home from a wedding in a remote corner of the country.

“We have our own way of dealing with grief around here,” said a senior intelligence official who authorized the strike. “We like to remember one senseless massacre with another.”

After initially declining to comment on the strike—which reports indicate was intended to target Al Qaida militants traveling with the wedding convoy—the CIA later decided that the timing of the attack made for “a fitting tribute” to the victims of Sandy Hook.

“We were hoping for exactly 26, but it’s the thought that counts,” said another unnamed official who said he was not authorized to comment publicly on drone strikes.

Drone strikes have become commonplace in Yemen as part of the United States’ campaign against Al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), which Washington considers one of the most active factions of the militant network.

“Just like many here at home are clamoring for tighter gun control, our Middle Eastern friends are asking their government for stricter drone control,” continued the official.

“It’s pretty obvious that’s not going to happen for either side, but that doesn’t mean we can’t honor those who were slain by slaying more.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81316,"SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn has signed legislation to increase the prison term to six years for people who use social media to organize flash mobs, but reassured Illinoisans that it was done to prevent the kind of violence that has recently plagued Chicago, and not just because many in the General Assembly “really fucking despise ‘Improv Everywhere.’”

The governor confirmed that the bill’s sponsor, Rep. Christian Mitchell of Chicago, had initially grown extremely concerned following incidents in March when teenagers ran up and down Michigan Avenue, an affluent shopping district in the city. Other politicians, such as state Sen. Gary Jones of Schaumburg, acknowledged that while he did have “a fundamental lack of understanding as to how social media works, and although we do have laws which already cover this type of action,” it was better to “at least look like we’re doing something, even if that something’s potentially malignant and/or redundant.”

Meanwhile, Rep. George Matthews of Gilman confirmed that part of the reason he voted for the bill was animus towards the well-known comedy flash mob organizers. “Obviously I was worried about those kids,” Mitchell told a reporter. “But if I have to see videos of the annual ‘No Pants Subway Ride’ one more time, I’m going to kill someone. I’m just so over it.”

Mitchell admitted that he had failed in his attempt to become an “Agent” for Improv Everywhere in the early 2000s, but denied that this had influenced his decision on the vote. He explained his behavior thusly: “Obviously, there are huge logistical and legal issues surrounding the legislation, including the possibility that innocent, predominantly African-American teenagers will be arrested solely for being in the wrong place at the wrong time, and it will be difficult to prove that anyone in the area were there because they had seen a tweet the day before, but if it means that we won’t have middle-class white kids synchronized swimming in Buckingham Fountain, I think we can all agree that it’s worth it.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82489,"Will the odds be ever in their favor? At this point in time, New Jersey’s fight for sports betting legalization in the state might just as well be compared to the Brooklyn Nets’ frustrating season, however, the final uproar lies with the US Supreme Court, and the whole shenanigan is far from over. If the […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80324,"“Washington, D.C. – Back in late 2000, Ted Cruz found himself with one of the hottest tickets in town. As a former clerk to Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, Mr. Cruz, a junior aide on George W. Bush’s presidential campaign, had scored a seat inside the Supreme Court for the oral arguments in Bush vs. Gore, which would decide the election.

“But when the superiors asked Mr. Cruz to give up his spot to Donald Evans, a close friend of Mr. Bush’s and the campaign’s chairman, Mr. Cruz initially balked, refusing to hand over his ticket. He backed down only after an angry phone call from a senior staff member. But the incident, which a Cruz adviser declined to discuss, has become lore.

“To those who knew him as a young domestic policy adviser in Mr. Bush’s headquarters in Austin, Tx., the moment was classic Cruz – reflecting a brilliant and unusually ambitious upstart who chafed at orders from superiors and often rubbed people the wrong way but always saw himself destined for a lofty place in history.

“Mr. Cruz, 44, a first-term senator from Texas, became the first Republican to declare himself a candidate for president, promising a campaign that would be about “reigniting the promise of America.” He said at Liberty University, a Christian college in Lynchburg, Va.: “The power of the American people as we stand up and fight for liberty knows no bounds.”

“Those who have known him for years say Mr. Cruz always seemed both driven to advance and savvy in his tactics, and very likely to seize a politically expedient moment for personal gain. But what surprised them most, they said, is watching his evolution from a practical, Ivy League-educated lawyer and Republican insider into the Tea Party firebrand who helped orchestrate a strategy that ultimately shut down the federal government for 16 days in 2013.

In an exclusive interview with Newslo, Mr. Cruz said that “intelligence will only get you so far in life; hard work and the ability to solve problems are just as important, if not crucial for getting ahead in everything you attempt.”

“The fact that I have an Ivy League education means nothing I’m not using it the right way, and the same goes for anyone out there who thinks their intellect is their biggest advantage. It definitely is a head start, but it won’t amount to much if one doesn’t combine it with grueling hours and willpower,” he told Newslo.

Mr. Cruz also added: “That’s probably one of the reasons why all those left-wing satire sites are writing so much about me, they’re probably threatened or something. But, there’s no reason for that; it’s not like I plan on shutting them down when I’m President.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80917,"SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)

This week: Mars is right outside your house, ringing your door and leaving a bag of flaming poo.

Love: “Just drinks” is not a precursor to “baby making.”

Career: It’s great that you got your degree online. It’s a little sad that you got it in “Unclogging Terlets.”

Money: Money is honey, and you’re a drone.

Lucky numbers: 3

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)

This week: If the world were Ace Hardware, you’d be the biggest tool.

Love: You won’t impress a younger woman by saying you want to record sex and then pulling out a cassette tape deck.

Career: Jupiter is coming out of retrograde transit and you have to figure out what means, because I’m not gonna tell you. Ha ha!

Money: Get to the bottom of your financial situation by smashing open your piggy bank.

Lucky numbers: 29

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb 18th)

This week: Don’t make eye contact with the fat guy and maybe he won’t sit next to you on the plane.

Love: Comic-Con is a candy store for you. Go ahead, screw that skinny Spiderman wearing a Sailor Moon backpack!

Career: You will lose your job as a bikini waxer when you give a woman an isosceles triangle.

Money: Take a risk with your money by skydiving in a suit made of cash.

Lucky Numbers: 7, 4, 7

PISCES (Feb. 19-Mar. 20)

This week: Your vinyl records aren’t a part of your identity.

Love: No guy’s going to believe that stripper pole in your in living room is a “vertical ballet bar.”

Career: You should be doing something you love. Go gay for pay.

Money: Make surecharge more than $$20 when you do. This is your BUTT we’re talking about.

Lucky Numbers: Benjamin’s

ARIES (Mar. 21-Apr. 19)

This week: People still can’t forgive your “I had a dream, and it involved my teeth falling out…what does THAT mean?” Speech on MLK Day.

Love: You may not find love on Christian Mingle.com, but you may get free communion wine!

Career: Your boss will be upset when he sees your browser history is all about finding animals dressed as other animals.

Money: Change is good, but not when it’s sticky. Ew.

Lucky Numbers: 1,5, 10, 25

TAURUS (Apr. 20-May 20)

This week: You’re too old to watch Nickelodeon.

Love: Those clown figurines are definitely a romantic deterrent.

Career: They aren’t going to give you a patent for a “Bullshit Detector.”

Money: Spend cash to make cash. Buy a counterfeiting operation!

Lucky numbers: Over 40

GEMINI: (May 21-June 20)

This week: You’re just about at the age where you can’t audition for “American Idol” anymore. Move on.

Love: Your OCD goes to new heights when you try to align that lady’s boobs.

Career: Stop talking about “Dilbert.”

Money: You have a head for money and a body for laughs.

Lucky numbers: 21!

CANCER (June 21-July 22)

This week: You’re always mugging for the camera. It’s annoying.

Love: She’s going to dump you when your anniversary present is a gift certificate for “5 Free Hugs.”

Career: Your job is getting better than you think; that could mean fewer beatings!

Money: For your tax return this year: Just because he wears a tie and is cheap doesn’t mean you have to use the guy on the corner who calls himself “Filey G. Taxman.”

Lucky Numbers: 1040

LEO: (July 23-Aug. 22)

This week: It’s weird that your Astrology sign is “No Shirt, No Shoes, No Service.”

Love: Stop jerking off in the gym shower, or at least wait until they get individual stalls…

Career: Right now, the only job you qualify for is prison snitch…

Money: … but getting paid in cigarettes is better than getting paid in toilet wine!

Lucky Numbers: 13

VIRGO: (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)

This week: You will exemplify bad taste when you photo bomb at a funeral.

Love: You will exemplify MORE bad taste when you hit on the widow.

Career: You may be the worst funeral director EVER.

Money: Stop stealing the coins off the corpses’ eyes.

Lucky numbers: You’re awful.

LIBRA: (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)

This week: Your dog does not have a blog. But your cat is on Twitter.

Love: Be careful, the state of your relationship is Alabama.

Career: Don’t suggest “Gogurt Day.”

Money: The casino will ban you from the blackjack tables when you count cards out loud.

Lucky numbers: K-9

SCORPIO: (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)

This week: Let your freak flag fly, unless it’s Iran’s.

Love: A cock ring is not for engagements.

Career: Keeping your ear to the ground will just let people step on your head.

Money: You’re not going to amass a fortune making pantsuits for stuffed hamsters.

Lucky Numbers: 0, 0, 0, 0, 0ƒf",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81295,"BAGHDAD, Iraq – Iraqi authorities announced on Sunday that they had revoked the operating license of al-Jazeera, alleging that the satellite TV network is “promoting an informed populace through honest, engaging news coverage.”

The ban coincides with the Iraqi government’s recent attempts to calm the spread of unrest in the country. More than 180 people have been killed in armed conflicts with security forces and other attacks since Tuesday of last week. when widespread firefights began anew.

In an official statement, the Iraqi Communication and Media Commission (ICMC) said al-Jazeera and nine other networks had “reported events fairly, given important information, and brazenly called for knowledge of both local events and worldwide happenings.” The ICMC also accused the channels of “openly advertising free speech,” as well as threatening to “highlight the lack of a democratic process” in the country.

“We took a decision to suspend the license of some satellite channels that adopted language encouraging awareness of a corrupted political system,” said ICMC representative Mujahid Abu al-Hail. “It means stopping their work here in Iraq, so that they cannot cover events in Iraq or move around the country like the journalists they are.”

The fighting follows more than four months of mostly peaceful protests by Iraq’s Sunni Muslim minority against the Shia-dominated government.

In an emailed statement, al-Jazeera said it was not notified of the ban before it went into effect, and was surprised by the move. “The fact that so many channels have been hit all at once suggests this was an indiscriminate decision,” read the statement. “We urge the authorities to uphold the freedom of the press to report the important stories taking place in Iraq. Also, they should know they’re being complete dicks about this.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80624,"Politics:

Biden to Hit Embarrassing Gaffe Grand-Slam

COLUMBUS, Ohio — The Obama Campaign will be in damage control mode Tuesday after Vice President Joe Biden makes four humiliating gaffes in one public appearance—history’s first ever “Biden Slam.” After endorsing President “Barack Osama,” Biden will reportedly bow to a half- Korean journalist and give a lengthy description of a recent experience with ecstasy. To complete the cycle, Biden will admit he’s not quite sure what a filibuster is, but vows to “reform whatever they are.” Biden will, however, win the crowd back when he forgets the words to “America the Beautiful” and replaces them with Journey lyrics.

Media:

Man on Six Hour Layover Can’t Take Any More Nancy Grace

CHICAGO — A piece of Pete McCellan’s soul will die Wednesday after being subjected to six straight hours of CNN’s Headline News while on a layover at Chicago’s O’Hare Airport. Around hour two of the network’s Nancy Grace marathon, McClellan will become antsy and begin to scratch at imagined itches. After returning with a slice from Sbarro, McClellan will be crushed to discover Grace’s grating voice is still being played through commercial strength speakers. “Isn’t there a remote for that thing?” McClellan will plead with a Southwest Airlines worker. “If I have to hear another minute of coverage about one missing white girl in Pasadena, I won’t be responsible for my actions.” Security will be called around hour five, when McClellan begins insisting to other passengers that they are trapped in an existentialist play.

Entertainment:

Nation Will Come to Grinding Halt After Louis CK Drops What Now Seems Like Obvious Truth Bomb

NEW YORK — After a set at the Comedy Cellar Thursday, comedian Louis CK, known for his stark yet insightful stand-up, will bring the entire eastern seaboard to a cathartic and introspective stand-still with a bit that simultaneously shames and inspires the nation to change in fundamental ways. “I… I just never thought of it like that,” your neighbors will say in hushed awe, as they consider their opaque lack of self-awareness. “What a dick I’ve been,” you’ll think, amazed you didn’t realize it all along. Three days later CK himself will snap the nation out of its self-reflective trance with five minutes of material about his misshapen balls.

Sports:

Nation Stunned by Reasonable Explanation for Athlete’s Dominance

BOSTON — Sports fans across the nation will for some reason be stunned by Friday’s revelation that inexplicably powerful Red Sox slugger David Ortiz used steroids. Fans of the game will once again go through stages of shock and disbelief at the idea that a person who gained muscle mass at a super-human rate and failed various drug tests, did in fact use human growth hormone. “I just can’t believe it’s true,” your coworkers will say around the water-cooler, despite the fact that this admission is the only rational explanation for Ortiz’s unparalleled power and size. No one will learn anything from this incident, and everyone will be just as surprised next year when Lance Armstrong admits he corked his bike.

Society:

Voyeur Will Insist He is “Masturbating Anthropologist”

PITTSBURGH — After being apprehended with binoculars and a telephoto lens outside the home of Becky and Pierce Sanders, a local Peeping Tom, Dan Potter, will insist to police that he is not “a sex pervert” but merely a “masturbating anthropologist.” In the police report, Potter will claim to be researching for a book on the sexual habits of couples who live at 513 Maple Ct., as evidenced by his copious photos. To explain his need to pleasure himself while “doing research,” Potter will suggest he is a participant observer, like Jane Goodall, “except with a boner.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81821,"Madeleine Albright, the former US Secretary of State, was recently featured on a box of Wheaties cereal; the manufacturer, General Mills, claims that Mrs. Albright deserves to be celebrated much more, but that “the company is currently focused on praising other popular historical figures, like Hitler, Fidel Castro and Joseph Stalin”, which, unfortunately, leaves no room whatsoever for the former “Balkan Peace-bringer”, as she has been referred to in the past. Sorry, former madam Secretary of State – you just can’t seem to catch a break, huh?

Albright has even tweeted a picture of the box of cereal with her face on it, and thanked General Mills for the honor that has been bestowed upon her. Just for the record, Madeleine Albright is now in the same rank as numerous Olympic gold medalists and famous athletes, such as Muhammad Ali, Michael Jordan, Michael Phelps and many others.

However, it seems that the famous cereal manufacturer has decided to feature a different kind of athletes on its packaging; the kind that was famous for the slaughter of thousands of people, ethnic cleansing of millions and massacres of countless more. Now, that’s a crowd where Mrs. Albright should feel right at home with! After all, her actions in the Balkans during the 90’s as the top US ambassador have made her famous worldwide; it makes perfect sense that she should be celebrated as a hero for tearing apart a region of the world.

The Wheaties website justifies their decision to feature Albright on their packaging by stating that “a champion is no longer solely the megastar athlete; it is also any person who looks inside and challenges their personal best”. Personal best? Right. If you were to ask the peoples of the Balkans what Mrs. Albright’s personal best was, they’d give a figure of around 500, 000….dead and driven from their homes, thanks to the “peace-bringing” abilities of the former US Secretary of State. Kudos to you, Wheaties; you’ve really outdone yourself with this one.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80191,"It’s not a crime for people in Texas to have sex with animals. When law enforcement comes across animal sexual abuse cases, they often only prosecute offenders for animal cruelty or public lewdness, according to various officials. A bill moving through the Texas House would officially outlaw bestiality, making participation in, promotion of or observation of any sexual contact with an animal punishable by up to two years in state jail. If an animal were to suffer serious bodily injuries or die because of the sexual contact, the offender would face a second-degree felony charge. “There’s nothing in the law that protects animals from sexual abuse,” though 42 other states already ban bestiality, said state Rep. Carol Alvarado, the author of House Bill 1087.

However, a group of Texas Republican legislators is opposing the criminalization of bestiality in the state due to the fact that, according to a source among the group, “it has long been a part of Texan culture.” The group, which has requested anonymity due to fear of public persecution, spoke with the Amarillo Daily Star and argued that Texas “has always been a little bit out there,” as well as that many people have the wrong idea about where the famous “everything’s bigger in Texas” saying comes from exactly. “Look, if the animals didn’t like it, they’re not stupid creatures, they would have all ran away by now. The fact that the cattle business has, in fact, never been better statewide is proof enough that what we and other Texans are doing is, in fact working. And you know what they say – if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.”

They continued, “We realize that in this day and age, bestiality raises more than a few eyebrows, but hey – every state and every part of the country has it’s own, quirky thing that makes it unique. Florida’s got them gators, North Carolina has moonshine, and don’t even get us started on California and the stuff that goes on there. But, when you hear of something going down in Hollywood, the whole world immediately accepts it like some sort of a new trend, regardless of how ludicrous it really is. So, if that’s the case, why can’t our love for animals be our unique thing? We’ve been a cattle-loving state for a long time, ever since the country was founded. You know how they say that the happiest cows give the best-tasting milk? Well, why do you think the steaks made from Texas beef taste so good? It sure ain’t because we’ve got the greenest grass.”

“This new bill would change all that. It aims to strike at the very core of an age-old Texan tradition that’s not hurting anyone, least of all the animals that the bill purportedly seeks to protect. We make sure all animal-to-human intercourse is consensual and of sound mind. There is also a zero pregnancy risk, so that’s not even a remote possibility. At the end of the day, as long as it’s a win-win situation and the status quo remains undisturbed, why would anyone want to mess with any of it? Leave us be. We’ve made it this far, and there’s no reason to change our way of life,” they concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81559,"NEW YORK — Tormented by almost around-the-clock coverage regarding the impending fiscal cliff, scores of CNN viewers have begun throwing themselves off actual cliffs.

From the instant that Obama won reelection, CNN began pushing stories about the fiscal cliff, a potentially cataclysmic situation the United States will face January 1 if Congress doesn’t come to a budget agreement before then.

“Twenty-four hour news networks, like nature, abhor a vacuum,” said noted media analyst Wilfred Bunting. “And after Obama won, CNN needed to fill that void with another big story, hence the fiscal cliff hysteria.”

For the most part, the jumps seem to be spontaneous acts. “There have been numerous reports of drivers pulling off to the side of the road and exclaiming, ‘YAHHHHH! FISCAL CLIFF! FISCAL CLIFF! I CAN’T TAKE IT ANYMORE!’ and then pulling a ‘Thelma and Louis’,” Bunting said.

Jennifer Ashley, a devoted CNN viewer, said, “I hate to say this, but thank God David Petraeus got caught having an affair. If not for that, it would have been ‘all cliff, all the time’ and I’m sure I would’ve thrown myself off one, too.”

People living in coastal states make up the largest number of victims, followed by those in the mountain states. People in Kansas, Nebraska and Iowa have not reported any incidents.

Ironically, obesity seems to be saving lives, in this case. “If you have to climb up a cliff in order to toss yourself off, that seems to be an inhibiting factor,” Bunting said.

While all-news networks are known for saturation coverage of many events, there are a few factors that make this story particularly ripe for viewers offing themselves, according to Bunting.

“First, there’s the similarity in terms makes people associate ‘fiscal cliff’ with ‘physical cliff.’ Also, viewers know that Congress is going to wait until the very last minute to resolve this, so that means they’re in for over another month of relentless coverage.”

CNN isn’t the only network reporting heavily on the upcoming financial crisis, but it’s the cause of a disproportionate amount of the incidents.

“There’s something about the monotonous drone of Wolf Blitzer’s voice which really makes people lose it,” said Bunting.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82123,"During the September 20 edition of Premiere Radio Networks’ The Sean Hannity Show, Ann Coulter attacked “second-generation immigrant Nikki Haley” for taking down a Confederate flag in South Carolina. The conversation started off with Hannity asking Coulter if she saw Obama speaking to the UN and “talking down” America 11 times. Coulter said she had, adding, “…it is the official position of the Democratic Party that America is better the more Americans we replace with foreigners. And as I point out in the book, it’s exactly the opposite of truth.”

The conservative author didn’t miss the opportunity to also mention Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, whom she referred to as a “third-generation immigrant” and added that it’s the reason why the former secretary of state has been having a lot of dangerous ideas lately. “Sometimes I think that the Democrats aren’t really Americans, but that they too were imported from somewhere else. Then I stop and think and I remember that I know some of them personally and they are normal people. So, it must be just Hillary and Obama, then,” Coulter said.

She added, “A lot of people, myself included, have attempted to delve into the mind of the average Democrat to figure out what it is that makes them so anti-American, in lack of a better term. Understandably, we all failed but I’ll bet it has a lot to do with their upbringing and origins. As you know, most Democrats’ ancestors came from somewhere else, meaning Europe. Therefore, many of them sometimes have trouble understanding what it means to be American – something Republicans have never had a problem with, I might add. And the situation is worse the shorter the time they’ve spent identifying as Americans.”

“What that means in the case of Hillary Clinton is that a lot of her dangerous ideas derive from the fact that she’s only third-generation immigrant, meaning her grandfather came to America from God only knows where,” Coulter continued. “And because she was raised with that mentality, with the notion that immigrants should always be the heart and soul of this country, she today believes the same thing, which gives birth to her liberal point of view on all things non-American. And that’s especially dangerous today, with the current political situation in the world being what it is.”

The pundit also said, “That holds true for most Democrats, but it seems it’s especially so for her and Obama. Kennedy also had a similar point of view, but fortunately for this country, we all know how that ended. Now, Hillary Clinton does not understand what it takes to be an American today, just like she apparently doesn’t understand how to work a computer and then cover her tracks afterwards,” Coulter joked, causing Hannity to laugh. “But at the end of the day, her la-di-da approach to foreign policy and the presidency would send an invitation to terrorists and immigrants from the world over to come here and make America their b*tch.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80245,"Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign, it seems, did not learn a lesson from former Texas Gov. Rick Perry about the perils of running as God’s chosen candidate. Cruz, who dropped out of the GOP primary race Tuesday night after Donald Trump’s victory in Indiana left him without a realistic path to the nomination, was portrayed by many of his most prominent supporters as a candidate who was ordained by God to be the country’s next president.

Among his supporters was also his father, pastor Rafael Cruz, who spoke to several media outlets immediately after Cruz Junior’s retirement announcement, saying that “there is a chance I was wrong in my predictions,” and that “quite possibly, there is still a chance my son could make it to the White House.” “What remains to be done is figuring out the logistics of it all, but yes, I am a firm believer in the fact that Ted is too valuable to God to be shunned as a mere political loser,” Cruz senior added.

“Look, we are all men of flesh and blood and we all make mistakes,” Rafael Cruz said. “However, some of those mistakes are fundamental and have serious consequences, while others are not so significant. And I would go so far as to say that my son is definitely chosen by God to do great things, only, not necessarily as the next President of the United States. I’m thinking, he might be able to do more good as Vice President or something, because that’s also a very significant function, politically speaking.”

“And there’s one simple reason for that – when you’re the President, all eyes are on you, both domestic and foreign. You can’t make a move without someone looking at you. And that causes a lot of stress. I mean, just look at Obama’s hair during his two terms. On the other hand, you’re able to do much more damage in a positive way when you’re the Vice President, because there’s much less stress on that position. You have a greater amount of freedom to do the things you need to do, and much less control over you. Come to think of it, it’s the perfect position for a God-given diplomat like Ted. We should have thought of this sooner!” Cruz Senior exclaimed.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80816,"Recently on “The 700 Club,” a viewer asked host Pat Robertson how she should approach her teenage daughter who likes “dark’ things” like “horror movies” and “black lipstick and clothing.” “I fear that demons are working on her,” she added. Robertson responded that her daughter is being influenced by goth culture and recommended that she pray and “bind the spirits” that have taken her daughter captive. “She’s dressing goth and it’s a whole fashion thing,” he said. “This is demonic and she needs to be delivered. You’re not going to talk her out of it, you’ve got to pray her out of it.”

“I fear for her, Madam, I fear for her deeply,” Robertson told the caller, who was already obviously very concerned about her daughter’s phase. “And the reason why I’m telling you this, I’m not trying to scare you, I really am not, but I think it’s part of my job here to not lie to people and to tell them the truth no matter what. I think your daughter is already half way into Hell, madam, I’ve seen this sort of thing before. This entire goth thing, the culture of it, which by the way, is a completely wrong term to describe it. It would be far more appropriate to refer to it as a sect, a cult, even a plague rather than a mere culture. But it is something very sinister and very evil, created by the Devil himself as a way of attracting young, innocent souls, the likes of your daughter and millions of other hopeless and lonely children throughout the world.”

He continued, “Because, I don’t know if you know this, but to be a part of that sect, to be called goth, is nothing short of worshipping the Devil in an open and completely public way. In case you have any doubts about what I’m telling you, you’d be wise to just take one look at the way those kids dress and look. They dye their hair black, they wear nothing but black clothes, they also have various necklaces, bracelets, rings and other jewelry that resembles pentagrams and other occult symbols. I’m not even going to get into the tattoos. Every single thing about goth people suggests that they’re advocating and actively working towards the Devil coming to this Earth. And I’ve got news for you: unless you were just dropped on this planet and have no idea what’s going on – that’s a big no-no.”

“The color black is the symbol of the Devil,” Robertson also warned parents. “It’s not red, as we were led to believe. And here’s another proof: the Devil has even gone so far as to establish an entire race of his followers and worshippers and he has given them a unique way of recognizing each other among normal people. He has etched the color black onto their skin, and so today they are able to walk among us and pretend they are like us, when in fact, black people are nothing more than worshippers of Lucifer. Sure enough, we came up with a politically correct name for them; we call them African Americans. But, that doesn’t change what they truly are.”

“And so I say to you, madam, make no mistake: should your daughter continue to follow the path she’s on right now, she will be punished for her demonic sins and will die and burn in the fires of Hell. But the Devil won’t be through with her then and there. No, he’ll make sure she’s reincarnated, only next time he brings her back, she’ll be African American. All goth children who don’t change before it’s too late get punished and then reincarnated as black people. So, you’d better get to work on those prayers, madam. You might even want to consider an exorcism or two. Who knows – it probably wouldn’t hurt to try. At this point, anything goes,” the televangelist concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80782,"WASHINGTON—The nation breathed a sigh of relief today as tens of thousands of Americans of all races disbanded and went their separate ways following a brief gathering in the nation’s capital to celebrate the March on Washington.

For an America tired of bearing the heavy weight of its history of racial strife, the 50th anniversary commemoration of Martin Luther King’s momentous “I Have a Dream” speech signaled an end to the era of caring about racial problems.

“Because they marched, America became more free and more fair,” President Obama proclaimed from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, before adding decisively over resounding applause, “End of story.”

Thousands of proud citizens exited the National Mall on a rainy Wednesday afternoon to embrace apathy and denial in regards to the nation’s ongoing racial issues. Some held signs emblazoned with the question “Trayvon Who?” while others gathered to sing songs such as “We Shall Not Be Moved to Care.”

“For me, this day marks the end of racism,” said Randy Stevens, 56, who regretted that he was too young to attend King’s original march. “If I recall, wasn’t it known as the ‘March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom’? Well, I have a lot of black friends. Most of them have jobs, and all of them are free. So we’re good, right?”

Even as the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is being shredded, prisons are overflowing with black men, and shootings rage on Chicago’s south side, many Americans say they are ready to put the issue of race behind them once and for all.

“It was a great speech, but it’s time to move on,” said Angelyn Mitchell, the director of Georgetown’s University’s African American Studies program. “It’s my job to understand race, but even I think it’s getting old. Some people are black; some people are white. Big deal. Does anybody even use water fountains anymore?”

Sen. Tim Scott (R-S.C.), the only African American serving in the U.S. Senate, was not invited to speak at the event, but said through a spokesman that the fact that an African American man can hold office in South Carolina is proof that the nation’s race problem has been solved, adding that Scott was not invited “because he’s member of the GOP, which Democrats feel is a bigger issue than being black.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80238,"Washington, D.C. – Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R) on Wednesday called for sending U.S. ground combat troops to destroy the Islamic State, becoming the latest Bush to advocate for a military campaign in the Middle East. “Militarily, we need to intensify our efforts in the air – and on the ground. While air power is essential, it alone cannot bring the results we seek,” Bush said in a speech at The Citadel, a military college in South Carolina. “The United States – in conjunction with our NATO allies and more Arab partners – will need to increase our presence on the ground.”

Like other Republican presidential candidates, Bush said the ultimate number of troops ought to be dictated by military officials. But, he added, “the bulk of these ground troops will need to come from local forces that we have built workable relationships with.” Campaign aides billed the address as laying out Bush’s overarching vision abroad, one that came just days after the deadly Paris terror attacks, where at least 129 people died and hundreds more were injured. ISIS has since claimed responsibility for the attacks.

“The reason why U.S. ground troops are needed in Syria is very simple – the current approach we’re using is clearly not working,” Bush added. “Look at what happened in Paris, there are hundreds of people who were either personally injured or have lost a friend or family member in the attacks. And I would remind you that this attack is a rather bold one – it took place in one of the best known and most beautiful cities in all of Western civilization.”

Bush also went on to add that the involvement of U.S ground troops “worked fine enough in Iraq” and that that is “just another indicator” that all that’s needed is to just “mop up using our latest combat technology.” “We have the single most feared military machinery on the planet. And we have made that clear on more than one occasion. In my opinion, ISIS has bitten off more than they can chew. They need only look at what happened in Iraq. Iraq is proof that the last thing you want to do is mess with the U.S. military forces. That’s a bad idea any day of the week.”

“And if my brother were here, he’d tell you the exact same thing. Luckily, he already made his contribution to maintaining world peace when he took out Saddam Hussein. Now it’s my turn to keep the family tradition alive by doing the same with ISIS. And believe you me, I will make sure ISIS is just a bad dream. You can take that to the bank,” Bush concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
83245,"“Let it be known from now on – you mess with our liberty, we take away your porn!”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80190,"LOS ANGELES — After viewing a matinee showing of “Red Dawn” with his family Sunday, the film’s director, Dan Bradley, was reportedly struck by the undeniable sense that he had inadvertently made a movie endorsing international terrorist group al-Qaeda.

The film—a remake of the 1984 Cold War favorite of the same name— follows a plucky group of idealistic resistance fighters, the Wolverines, as they attempt to repel foreign invaders on their home soil. While the film features North Korean forces invading the United States, Bradley says the similarities to the Iraqi insurgency and Taliban are “embarrassingly transparent.”

“You get so inside your own head and the project you think you’re making,” explained Bradley, “then you take a step back and realize you’ve basically made Al-Qaeda your heroes.”

The Wolverines, led by marine Jed Eckert (Chris Hemsworth), rely on improvised explosives, ambushes and snipers to pick at the technologically-superior intruders. Given the clear parallels between the tactics used by America’s enemies in the Middle East and those employed by the film’s protagonists, Bradley says he’s surprised no one mentioned this before.

“I looked around the theater and nobody seemed to notice,” said Bradley. “People even cheered when the Wolverines detonated a roadside bomb, flipping an enemy Humvee. I have no idea how I didn’t see this earlier.”

Particularly damning in Bradley’s eyes is an early training montage in which the zealous, nationalist fighters run through an obstacle course of car tires and monkey bars.

“When we were shooting that scene, it did feel strangely familiar,” said Hemsworth in an interview with Rotten Tomatoes. “I figured it was just an homage to the original.”

For now, the film’s creators are doing all that they can to dispel rumors of any treasonous intentions.

“I knew we didn’t make the most subtle movie in the world,” conceded executive producer Kevin Halloran, “but I at least thought we made a patriotic, ham-fisted movie.”

“I really hope no one notices,” said Bradley. “This is the kind of thing that gets you in an orange jumpsuit on a flight to Gitmo.”

Added Bradley, “I love America. I—I don’t endorse terrorism. You have to believe me.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80319,"A working-class man by the name of Brian Kline, who earns $$11.66 an hour, is being treated for cancer thanks to Medicaid. However, during a recent CNN town hall with Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, Kline asked the HHS head, “Why do you want to take my Medicaid expansion?” which, according to everybody on the internet, was a reasonable and direct question.

Reporting on the news, a certain satire website came up with the article on how Price responded to Kline’s question by arguing that “it would be better for the national budget if cancer patients died more quickly.” However, when posting the article, the site mistakenly pictured Rep. David Price instead of HHS head Thomas Price as the individual responsible for the claim, which, understandably, caused a hailstorm online. But, that’s not where the story ends, ladies and gentlemen.

To make matters even worse, following the news, the Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price reacted publicly and ripped into his surname-sake David for “taking credit for other people’s hard work.” In an exclusive interview with Internet portal KnowMyRepublican.com, Price (Thomas) argued that it is “preposterous” that in today’s day and age people have “the nerve to flaunt somebody else’s feathers so shamelessly.” “To tell you the truth, I expected more from a fellow politician, and I was very surprised to learn about all of this,” he added.

Following a failed attempt to explain to the HHS head that his supposed initial statement was, indeed, satire, he waved in disbelief and said, “Bah, don’t give me that. I’m well aware of what I have and have not said, and while I’ve been around cancer patients for more than 20 years, I believe I still have some memory left in spite of being around all that chemotherapy radiation. I might be getting older and deeper into politics, but my brain still works pretty well.”

“The saddest part is, it’s not even about who said what at this point; it’s about the principle,” the HHS head added. “I’m aware [David] didn’t react in any way, but that’s exactly my point, that’s the whole problem. By having said nothing, he basically silently agreed with what was published. In this case, his silence was understood as his agreement and approval of what was said, regardless of the fact that it wasn’t true.”

“And by the way and on a completely unrelated note, I have to say – whoever came up with that idea was right on the money,” Price added. “I mean, I know I didn’t say it the first time, but hey – maybe I should have. At the end of the day, I have to hand it to them – it does make sense that the national budget would benefit from cancer patients dying more quickly. Maybe that’s exactly what we need,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80855,"WOODBURY, Minn. — Minnesota Republican Representative Michele Bachmann, famous for comparing herself to mass murderer John Wayne Gracey and for allegedly receiving all of her political positions from conversations with God, has remained noticeably quiet since the outcome of the 2012 presidential election. The former outspoken politician, who explained that getting rid of minimum wage would eliminate unemployment and that not all cultures are created equal, has not publicized any of her recent opinions gleaned from discussions with God since Obama’s victory in November.

This has lead some to question the nature of Bachmann’s discussions with God and whether or not he feels that she is an apt spokesperson for the job.

“I do not wish to question the authenticity of Ms. Bachmann’s claims as I’m not a political man,” explained father William Thomas of the St. Anne’s cathedral in D.C.. “But the last representatives who actually spoke with God were Jesus and Moses – and I haven’t heard of Ms. Bachmann changing water to wine or parting any seas lately…”

Further critics have surmised, that even if Bachmann did indeed talk to God during the 2012 presidential election, her noticeable silence since November and nearly losing reelection, suggests that God may not have been pleased with her leaking the contents of their conversations. Rumors are swirling around Washington that God has since sought to distance himself from the conservative scarecrow.

“God told her to shut up,” commented Republican Maine Senator Susan Collins in an interview on Tuesday. “She was really embarrassing the party with all this nonsense about HPV vaccines leading to mental retardation, so he told her to shove it – he told me this himself.”

While sources have not been able to verify this claim from Collins’ conversations with God, her past record of sane statements lends validity to her assertion, leading many to believe that we have heard the last from Bachmann’s conversations with God – until the next election that is.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81292,"TRENTON, N.J. — A spokesperson for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie today announced that excess fat removed from the governor’s body will run in the special election to fill the United States Senate seat formerly held by Sen. Frank Lautenberg, who passed away at age 89 on Monday. Christie reportedly chose to enter his own fat into the race after determining that it was the “best way to ensure that New Jersey is accurately represented in Washington.”

“We considered endorsing a number of viable candidates,” said Kevin Roberts, deputy press secretary to Christie. “[Lt. Gov.] Kim Guadagno, [state Sen.] Jennifer Beck — even businessman John Crowley. But lately, the governor has found that he can’t trust anyone but himself. Especially the former fat, blubbery parts of himself.”

New Jersey state law gives the governor the right to call a special election to fill vacated U.S. Senate seats, and according to Roberts, Christie chose to “exercise this right” and attempt to fill Lautenberg’s seat with lard surgically removed from his own body, rather than exercise “the exhausting, old fashioned way.”

“The governor had lap-band surgery a few months back,” Roberts said. “Obviously, it wasn’t very effective. He’d already been considering liposuction before Frank [Lautenberg] passed. But now, here’s an opportunity to save the governor’s extra fat from just rotting away in one Jersey’s abundant, already-overflowing landfills.

“Instead,” Roberts continued, “we’ll send the governor’s paunch to D.C., where it’ll be a perfect representative for the great and overweight state of New Jersey.”

As per Christie’s orders, the special election will not take place until October, after an August primary, both of which will cost New Jersey taxpayers around $$12 million. Sources say that Christie delayed the election in order to provide doctors ample time to “extract as much fatness” from him as possible, “to build a stronger, more gelatinous candidate.”

Instant polling indicates that despite knowing little about the pile of fat’s political views, New Jersey voters generally approve of the governor’s endorsement. “Sure, I have no idea what it believes in politically,” said Randal Worth, 46, of Paterson. “But at least I can identify with it. If there’s one thing I know and feel comfortable with, it’s a big ole sack of lard, cus’ I’ve been surrounded by them my entire life.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79863,"“A man who identifies as ex-transgender has expressed “caution” regarding former Olympic athlete Bruce Jenner’s decision to change his gender identity to become “Caitlyn.” Walt Heyer, author and blogger with The Federalist, stated in an interview Tuesday with CNN that while Caitlyn Jenner may feel great at present “this doesn’t always last.”

““The surgeons can make it look like you changed genders but the fact of the matter is it’s all cosmetic surgery. There’s really no actual gender change,” Heyer asserted during an interview with CNN’s Carol Costello. “I felt like I had been duped, tricked, and it wasn’t really real. I wasn’t really a woman. I looked like one.”

” In an interview with The Christian Post, Heyer said: “I suggested caution because I have received hundreds of emails from transgenders over the years who regret making the transition. The long-term outcomes are not always the best and suicide is always a risk.”

Days later, The Christian Post published an article on the long-term dangers of transgender surgery, referencing Heyer’s words and listing Jenner as the most obvious and recent example of things going wrong. The article said: “Whenever one feels the urge of thinking about themselves as the opposite gender, be patient. It will go away in time.”

Surprisingly, the article also had other brilliant tips for those struggling with their gender identity: “Keep in mind that it could all be sexual. If you start feeling like you’re attracted to the same sex, there’s even a chance you’re actually gay or lesbian. God knows that’s also a sin, but compared to gender issues, that’s a walk in the park. You’ll be better off as gay or lesbian than surgically altering your gender.”

And to top it all off, the site even saw fit to offer a “friendly advice” to Caitlyn Jenner, saying: “Living in accordance with one’s inner feelings should be and is the right of all sentient beings. However, when such a way of living goes against every moral fiber of a religion, especially such an important and widespread one as Christianity, there can be no compromises. Many more will destroy their lives if they follow the path of the abomination formerly known as Bruce Jenner. Yours is a great sin, Caitlyn Jenner. To take your own life would be an act of mercy at this point. Think about it.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81388,"Albert Mohler’s most recent book, “We Cannot Be Silent,” got a lot of attention for the Southern Baptist leader’s argument that Christians should boycott gay family members’ weddings. But that was just part of Mohler’s thesis, which he started with a history of “the breakdown of marriage as an institution.” In an interview with the “Christian Worldview” radio program recently, Mohler went over this argument again, chastising Christians for failing to realize that the “moral revolution” that led to marriage equality started with birth control.

Mohler also argued that not only should Christians boycott the weddings of gay family members, but that they should also boycott the weddings of birth control users and their family members, because “birth control is one of the modern plagues of the American society,” adding that “it ranks right up there with cancer, homosexuals and Justin Bieber.”

“You know, a lot of people will come and ask me, ‘Why should we act in such a way, is it not Christian to forgive?’” Mohler said. “And that’s when I slightly doubt myself, because that person has a good point. However, after I think about it, I soon realize that if all of us simply start forgiving and accepting that it was birth control that led to the separation of sex and procreation, which many are already doing, make no mistake, then what are we condemning our society to? Are we to allow our children to enjoy having sex just for the pleasure? Show me a passage in the Bible that says that and I’ll show you an idiot.”

He continued: “So, yes, Christians ought to also boycott both birth control users’ weddings, as well as the weddings of their family members, out of protest. The moment we start condoning their behavior, they’ll find something else to ruin or desecrate. And I have also heard that Justin Bieber has been making a lot of money performing at such weddings. Now, I am no expert when it comes to music, but as Mr. Bieber is likely the result of a failed attempt at birth control, I do believe there is a conflict of interest there.”

“And that’s another thing – do you really think Mr. Bieber is not using birth control? I’ll bet he has an entire room filled with thousands of birth control prescriptions for emergency cases,” Mohler fumed. “And is that the kind of person you want your child, a soldier of Christ, to look up to? Is that the role model you want for your kids? I don’t think so. So, not only should we boycott their weddings, Christians should also boycott Justin Bieber.”

“You know,” he added, “one kind of sexual misbehavior leads to the rationalization of another, and thus we couldn’t have the Obergefell decision that came this June, we couldn’t have the legalization of same-sex marriage, if there hadn’t been a lot of sexual revolution before we got there.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81027,"Derailing his own advice segment for viewers, 700 Club host Pat Robertson launched more anti-LGBT paranoia on Tuesday, accusing the LGBT community of imposing “draconian” censorship laws and willfully transmitting the AIDS virus. “You know what…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80485,"Morgan Ortagus, a frequent Fox Business pundit and national co-chair of Maverick PAC, recently argued that the now former First Lady Michelle Obama should “just smile and be helpful to Melania Trump” instead of voicing her concerns about the president-elect. “People need to understand the American people spoke, the Electoral College voted and it’s time to move on,” she said.

And if today’s official handover of First Family duties was anything to judge by, Michelle took notice of Ortagus’ words. The former First Lady seemed happy, in a good mood and very friendly with the new, Slovenian-born First Lady. In fact, the two ladies seemed much more friendly compared to their stronger halves, both of whom were somewhat stiff, though smiling.

And yet, that didn’t seem to impress Ortagus one bit. Right after the ceremony, she was back at it, arguing that “if you’re going to greet the new First Lady wearing nothing than your maroon pajamas, it just proves you were never right for the job in the first place.” The national co-chair of Maverick PAC made the snappy comment in an interview with D.C. Daily.

“Imagine what would have happened if George Bush had welcomed Barack Obama in 2008 wearing nothing but his PJs?” she added. “All hell would have broken loose and we’d have never heard the end of it. But, you know, luckily George Bush was a gentleman and a President unlike any other, and he knew very well what he was doing. He knew that such a move would smear the image of America to a point where it would never be cleared again. And he made the right call.”

Ortagus continued, “But Michelle, on the other hand? No, that sort of thing just isn’t her cup of tea. But wearing high heels and maroon pajamas, complete with a matching color bathrobe on top is just fine, according to her. Heck, even her hair complemented her outfit accordingly, complete with the straight-out-the-bed pillow hair. I was embarrassed just watching the ceremony; who knows how poor Melania must have felt.”

“Let’s be clear about one thing: Attending an official White House handover ceremony in your bedroom outfit is no different than getting your hands on a classic Ferrari and then getting inside it completely naked…after not having a bath for six months. It just doesn’t make sense to do something like that, and just like with the Ferrari, it proves you should have never been in the position to do something like that. And by the way – while we’re on the subject – that’s also why gorillas aren’t meant to spend time outside the zoo – it’s out of their natural environment,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81185,"BROOKLYN, N.Y. — Despite the nation’s unemployment rate holding at a solid 7.8%, artisanal, organic tonic water is shaping up to be the hottest food and drink trend of 2013. Eschewing the label of “luxury item,” small-scale producers of the beverage are calling the product “a drinking necessity,” and sales are starting to indicate that the market is in agreement.

Violet Cortlandt, owner of the cottage-industry tonic Impérialisme, explained her belief that “locally-produced, carefully curated beverages are a right, not a privilege,” adding, “is food that isn’t organic and thoughtfully sourced even really food anymore? I thought we had moved past that.” While crippling debt and disappointing rates in job creation continue to worry the nation, many explained that they felt “entitled to” the new beverage, which blends hand-crushed quinine with lightly roasted sugar cane juice.

“We offer four locally created varietals,” Cortlandt explained, proffering thimble-sized samples to a crowd of chic job seekers at a networking event. “We work in small, artisanal batches: there’s our Original; then Gochujang, which is quite spicy; Pickled Kale; and Smoked Sage. The kale and sage are both grown on urban rooftops and hand-picked by virgin refugees.”

Calling the drink “really worth blowing my unemployment check on,” a group of underemployed college graduates discussed the merits of knowing precisely where their tonic came from. “I really like knowing that the cinchona trees that produce my quinine were organic,” one unemployed neuroscience major clarified.

Only a few people seemed to offer any resistance to the concept. “It’s a recession, people. We should be swapping recipes for peasant food: dal bhat, red beans and rice, minestrone soup—not touting ‘sourced’ indulgences. Since when were we owed so much luxury? This is ridiculous.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81294,"Yeesh! It’s been a craptacular couple of days for the ole’ Sanford and Sons. As you may have heard, the Republican Party has sent me out to pasture, saying on Wednesday they won’t be putting any money into my campaign. Well, guess what, dipshits? I like being outdoors—woo! I heard what you guys said, that […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80376,"Mary Matalin, a Republican strategist and former advisor to Vice President Dick Cheney, on Sunday said that Americans had become “war wise” after the Iraq war and demanded that President Barack Obama produce an exit strategy before launching an…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81274,"With the 2012 presidential election merely two weeks away, both Mitt Romney and Barack Obama have received a rapid influx of potentially game-changing endorsements, including:

Todd Akin for Mitt Romney

Political pundits were skeptical of how beneficial Missouri representative Todd Akin’s endorsement would be for Mitt Romney, given the recent controversy surrounding his claims about the rarity and consequences of “legitimate rape.” Akin was quick to counter that he has already bounced back from those statements, as evidenced by his lead in Missouri congressional polls, saying, “If I can come back from that, then Mitt can come back from demeaning half the country. I’m as confident about that as I am about the mechanics of the female anatomy.” Furthermore, he attributed his own chauvinist image to “an epidemic of female hysteria, which can easily be remedied – if I understand correctly – with digital stimulation of the cloaca, administered by your physician or state representative.”

Joe Biden for Barack Obama

“I was pretty on the fence there for a while, you know, with the economy in the shitter and all that,” said the Vice President in a recent press statement. “But I figured: what the hell, you know? I’ve worked with Barack before, and – oh, a little horsey sauce on my tie there – and he’s a good dude. I’ll give him a shot.” Added the Vice President, “I mean, I don’t really care.” Biden then yielded his time to questions from media representatives, which he repeatedly interrupted with fits of giggling and outcries of “You gotta be kiddin’ me” and “Holy mackerel!” At the conclusion of the press meeting, Biden thrust both of his middle fingers in the air and shouted, “Love, peace, and chicken grease, bitches!” before walking off the stage, wearing nothing but boxers from the waist down.

Tagg Romney for Mitt Romney

Combating allegations that Mitt Romney’s oldest son would logically endorse his father, whose campaign employs him as an adviser, Tagg Romney defensively argued, “It’s less about that and more about Obama’s punchable face.” Regarding the President of the United States, he continued, “I would love to sock him good, but he’s got all this armed security detail, like a pansy.” After briefly wondering aloud whether it is illegal or merely cringe-inducingly tactless to describe the leader of the free world in such a threatening manner, Tagg declared, “I mean, gosh, if there were some kind of giant, fire-breathing Grendel that could dispatch the Secret Service and just pummel Obama’s face with fists of otherworldly force, I would endorse him in a heartbeat.”

The Satanic Order of Transgendered Socialists for Barack Obama

“When the Bush tax cuts expire next year, Republicans in Congress will have something on the line,” whispered Sammy Serpentine, the Archbishop and Listener of the Satanic Order of Transgendered Socialists, “and Obama will finally have the leverage needed to forcibly convert American citizens to socialism and the opposite sex.” His face obscured by a heavy black cloak, one could hardly make out Sammy’s wagging tongue. “This is the first time I truly feel that Satan is in the White House,” he concluded, before using black magic to vanish in a cloud of sulfur, leaving behind only a pentagram of green fire.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82832,"Sen. Ted Cruz continues to woo anti-gay extremists, this time appearing on a conference call for conservative activists, organized by E.W. Jackson, the former GOP nominee for lieutenant governor of Virginia. During his run for office, Jackson won notoriety for his remarks about gay people, whom he referred to in one interview with fringe anti-gay […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81352,Fox News host Bill O’Reilly suggested on Friday that many of the problems in the African-American community could be solved by using peer pressure instead of sex education and contraception to prevent unmarried women from having children. In response…,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81006,"WASHINGTON — Earlier today Vice President Joe Biden, the head of President Obama’s gun control task force, presented the President with the task force’s official findings- an idea on how to stop gun violence in America. Satisfied, President Obama announced that the gun control task force’s job is done congratulated Biden on a job well done.

“The American people asked us in Washington to do something about gun violence, and we have,” said the President. “While I can’t recall specifically what the idea is, it is a really good one. I can say with confidence that the American people don’t have to worry about gun violence anymore.”

No one outside of the President and the gun control task force knows what the idea is, and there are no immediate plans to do anything further, though some have speculated that the task force’s idea may be to create a new gun control task force with a slightly different name.

After weeks of talking about gun control and minutes of actual work, Biden feels confident that he has ended gun violence in America.

“We worked quite a bit on coming up with this idea,” said a grinning Biden. “It’s not every day you get an idea like the one we gave the President. But when people come together with a common goal, they can usually come up with an idea. And we did. Mission accomplished.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
28639,"President Donald Trump’s son Eric insists he was placed in control of his father’s business because of his talent. In a candid interview with Forbes, the younger Trump admitted that nepotism got him into a position in his father’s business. But he says his father handed over the management of the Trump Organization to himself […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80462,"Former President Barack Obama issued a statement reacting to President Donald Trump’s executive order to restrict immigration from high-risk countries in the Middle East, urging Americans to organize against the president. “President Barack Obama is heartened by the level of engagement taking places in communities around the country,” Obama’s spokesman Kevin Lewis said in a statement to reporters. Through his spokesman, Obama also opposed discrimination against people because of their faith or religion, although he did not say that Trump’s actions did so. “With regard to comparisons to President Obama’s foreign policy decisions, as we’ve heard before,” Lewis said. “The president fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion.”

Early on Monday, President Donald Trump was asked to comment on Barack Obama’s statement in an exclusive interview with the Chicago Tribune, and as expected, he wasted no time in ripping into the former president. “Let me tell you something right away, Barack Obama was a terrible president. He had no less than eight years – that’s two presidential terms – eight years to solve the problem of Americans being outnumbered in their own country and he didn’t, all under the disguise of democracy and equal rights for everyone. Well, that might have worked before, but it’s not going to work anymore, I’ll tell you that much. He wants to do things differently? He can run again against me; I’ll beat him like I beat Crooked Hillary.”

“And another thing – I’ve just about had enough of all these attacks, everybody’s angry about something. LGBT people are angry, pro-lifers are angry, pro-abortionists are angry, women are angry, men are angry, black people are angry, Muslims are angry, now even the man who stepped down from the presidency no less than 10 days ago is angry – what is wrong with all of them?” Trump said. “I’ll tell you what’s wrong – they’re the people who don’t want to see America great again. They want Muslim terrorists to keep coming into the country and destroying American values, they want us to have bad trade deals with Russia and China and Mexico. They want this country to fail. Well, you know something? That’s not going to happen. Not on my watch.”

“And to show all of them I’m serious about this – and especially Barack Obama, who was darn near on the verge of running this country into the ground if I hadn’t come along – I hereby promise to add Kenya to the executive order and add it to the travel ban list unless he and those like him stop attacking the new policy and new course that America is on. I am not joking, he knows I’m serious, they all know I’m serious, I am one step away from adding more names and more countries to the list. They need to know I’m ready to do it on the spot. I’ve agreed to let the Muslims and Kenyans who were already here stay, but I have no trouble banning travel from Kenya in the future. And that’s just one option. Obama should be lucky he’s not been deported back to his home country, though I wouldn’t rule out that option yet if I were him. As of recently, he’s fair game, too,” Trump concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81047,"WASHINGTON – The U.S. House of Representatives has made it clear that it wants to stop the flow of unwanted foreigners into its territory. With much tension and backbiting – and not all of it along party lines – the House has made it clear that it will not allow across its borders any cleared legislation from the Senate.

House Republicans met for two-and-a-half hours on Wednesday before announcing definitively that they would not consider a comprehensive immigration overhaul passed by the Senate. This follows congressional failure to pass student loan reform despite broad bipartisan support.

The GOP is violently opposed to anything resembling amnesty, and that includes bills passed by Congress’s higher house. Many Republicans come from districts so conservative that their only significant re-election challenge comes in the primaries, thereby nearly ensuring the House GOP will continue to abort every immigration reform effort.

Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said that undocumented parents could sneak young bills into the House, and then bills that were raised there by true Americans get grouped unfairly with “illegals.”

“You can’t separate the Dream Act kids from those who came across the border with a pack of contraband on their back, and they can’t tell me how they can do that,” added King.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80107,"Attorney General Jeff Sessions this week declared that marijuana – a drug on which no person has ever overdosed – was nearly as dangerous as heroin, a drug that killed 12,989 Americans in a single year. “I reject the idea that America will be a better place if marijuana is sold in every corner store. And I am astonished to hear people suggest that we can solve our heroin crisis by legalizing marijuana – so people can trade one life-wrecking dependency for another that’s only slightly less awful,” Sessions said while speaking with law enforcement officers Wednesday. “Our nation needs to say clearly once again that using drugs will destroy your life.”

He also went on a rant arguing that America will never be great again until it defeats abortions, condoms and pot, which he named as the three great plagues of modern American society. “The thing about this modern era is, life is a lot simpler and people have a lot more free time because of the technology and everything,” he opined. “That wasn’t the case back in my day. Back then, we didn’t have cell phones and computers and all that; we had to do our jobs the old fashioned, slow way. We used our bodies and brains, not machines – at least not as much as they’re being used today – and we just didn’t have the time to do drugs. Well, at least not those of us who were trying to make something of ourselves.”

The attorney general continued, “It’s true that drugs and pot were introduced way back then, but today they have reached epidemic proportions. People today are able to do so much more and a lot faster by using modern technology. Consequentially, they have a lot of free time on their hands, and you know what they say – an idle mind is the Devil’s playground. That’s why we’re seeing more and more young kids reaching for pot and heavier drugs; they’re doing it because they’re bored. Now, the problem I have with pot is, it’s perceived as a light, recreational drug, but people seem to forget that we’re still talking about a psychoactive substance here.”

“When you get high on pot, I’m told it amplifies your sensory perception and even makes one’s morals skyrocket,” he added. “Coincidentally, I’m also told having intercourse while high is, apparently, a real hoot. The trouble is – because of marijuana, couples who engage in sex while high seem to use condoms a lot more than couples that do it normally. And that means no babies. But, there’s even a more worrisome side effect: pot also leads to couples going for abortions; once normal, they must become aware of their foolishness and then come to a decision that they don’t want a baby. So, in reality, what we have here is a situation in which pot leads to condoms, and then, inadvertently, to abortions as well. As a result, Americans as a race are dying off one abortion at a time.”

“And let me tell you one thing that should be clear to everyone: America as a nation will never be great again unless it successfully defeats all three of those satanic things. At the rate we’re going, we’ve only got a couple more decades at best. And legalizing pot will serve nothing and no one, other than the Devil himself; the only benefit of it will be the acceleration of the rate at which Americans are perishing,” Sessions concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80069,"“These protesters are almost as crazy as Bernie himself, which is why it should be his job and his responsibility to get them off the streets. Should he refuse, I’m afraid he’ll go down in history as the only liberal who’s ever refused to cooperate with a Republican president. And they call us the bad guys”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80390,"“Pastor John Piper, the founder and teacher of desiringGod.org and chancellor of Bethlehem College & Seminary in Minneapolis, Minnesota, wrote recently: “In a 5-to-4 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States of America has ruled that states cannot ban same-sex marriage. This is what the highest court in our land did today – knowing these deeds are wrong, yet approving those who practice them.”

“The pastor went on to say that “we do not realize what a calamity is happening around us,” and added, “The new thing – new for America and new for history – is not homosexuality. That brokenness has been here since we were all broken in the fall of man. (And there is a great distinction between the orientation and the act – just like there is a great difference between my orientation to pride and the act of boasting.)”

However, it would seem that several days after the ruling, the pastor felt much more forgiving and even said he “understands, to a certain extent, the need for such a decision by Justice Kennedy,” because “men and women of God’s green earth have become very estranged.”

“To say that I agree with what has been done by the Supreme Court would not be accurate, at least not entirely,” the pastor revealed.

“However, I can say that I’m much more inclined to understand why Justice Kennedy did what he did, especially when I consider what is going on in marriages all around the world today.”

Asked to elaborate, the pastor said: “I am very saddened by the fact that most people lose their desire to enjoy their spouse physically upon entering wedlock. This is a devastating fact that leads to the loss of closeness between people, and more importantly, between spouses. We can be as polite as we want, but the fact to the matter is that sex is key in a marriage. Once people get bored with it, the habit of being around their partners just sort of fades away. Then comes divorce and everything crumbles. What worries me most is the fact that it’s becoming very widespread among Christian couples.”

He added: “However, when it comes to LGBT people, the situation is pretty much the opposite. Therefore, I can say I do sympathize with what Justice Kennedy attempted to do, even though I do not agree with the manner in which he did it. I guess what I’m really saying is – if gays are allowed to marry, that means they’ll have absolutely no sex in their married life, which was the whole point for us Christians. God does work in mysterious ways, after all.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81033,"WASHINGTON – In a rare showing of bipartisanship, top Democrats and Republicans today put their political differences aside to push for legislation that they both agree upon- that junior Texas Senator Ted Cruz should be forcibly sent back to his birth nation of Canada.

“When [Senate Minority Leader Mitch] McConnell approached me with this, it was a breath of fresh air,” said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. “I’ve long wanted to show the American people that the two parties can come together for the good of the country, and throwing that Canadian-born whack-job under the bus offered the perfect opportunity.”

While Cruz has served in the Senate for less than a year, he has quickly earned contempt from both sides of the aisle by refusing to observe normal congressional protocol. As a political freshmen, he was expected to sit back and remain quiet, but instead he has jumped in front of every microphone he could find.

“Honestly, the guy won’t shut up,” grumbled Republican Senator John McCain. “He sees a microphone and he just lunges at it. Doesn’t matter if he’s talking to Fox, CNN, some random public access show or a six year-old with a iPad.”

Cruz has become the public face of the Republican Party’s crusade against the Affordable Care Act and is the architect of the threat to shut down the federal government if it is not dismantled. This tactic, overwhelmingly opposed by every single demographic of the American people, including Republicans, has been openly reviled by members of his own party, who see it as a no-win situation for the GOP.

The animosity towards Cruz from Republicans has risen to unparalleled levels. Earlier this week, when Fox New Sunday host Chris Wallace announced that he had booked Cruz as a guest, he was flooded with anti-Cruz research from Cruz’s own party. “This has been one of the strangest weeks I’ve ever had in Washington,” said Wallace on air during the show. “As soon as we listed Ted Cruz as our featured guest this week, I got unsolicited research and questions — not from Democrats, but from top Republicans — to hammer Cruz.”

“I join my colleagues on the other side of the aisle in welcoming this common sense bill,” said Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. “When the Speaker brings it to the floor for a vote, he can count on united Democratic support.”

“Oh, it’s coming. I’m fast-tracking that baby,” confirmed Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner, who was forced to push through the extremely unpopular ‘Defund Obamacare or Shut Down the Government’ legislation earlier this month due to pressure from Cruz. “If we do one thing this year in the House, it’s going to be booting that slack-jawed, Canadian poser back over the border.”

President Obama has indicated that he will sign the legislation.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82658,"Conservative columnist Diana West appeared on Frank Gaffney’s “Secure Freedom Radio” program recently, and warned that the U.S. is “deep into the same exact transition” as Europe and “Americans are being replaced also and American culture is being absolutely taken over in similar ways,” not only by relatively small numbers of refugees, whom she called […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80309,"NEW DELHI — The NCAA’s ‘conference carousel’ has now turned global. The Big Ten will be adding the University of Delhi to its membership of universities within the next few years, despite the school not having any sports programs.

“We will be starting up a team for each Big Ten sport,” announced the university’s Chancellor, Mohammad Hamid Ansari. “It might take us a few years to reach the competitiveness level of Ohio State in football or Indiana in basketball. Indians have learned to perform American jobs well, so how different can learning an American sport be?”

Over the past several years, schools from Division I NCAA conferences have been playing a game of musical chairs. Certain conferences, such as the Big Ten and SEC, are growing into powerhouses, while others are either settling for weaker programs or shrinking, heading for extinction. The primary motivation for all of these moves is undoubtedly money. Schools like Nebraska and Texas A&M left behind their longtime rivals in hopes of increased revenues with stronger conferences.

Maryland and Rutgers also accepted invitations last week to join the Big Ten. Analysts believe the Big Ten, which launched its own television network in 2007, invited these schools to target both the Maryland/D.C. and New York/New Jersey television markets.

Now with the Big Ten’s invite to the University of Delhi, Big Ten Commissioner James Delany is aiming for an untapped audience of one billion people. Delany doesn’t seem concerned with the potential struggle of promoting sports in a culture where it is far less prevalent.

“With its population of over 1.2 billion, there has to be a market for everything,” assures Delany.

Delany continued, “I am focused on the energy and passion that sports can bring to India. Sports are all about crushing the opponent, both physically and mentally.”

Delany recommends that Indian boys who plan to try out for the football team should “start loading up on American fast-food.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80025,"Ivanka Trump said on Wednesday she would work in the White House in an unpaid, informal advisory role to the president as she sought to allay ethics concerns about working there. “I have heard the concerns some have with my advising the president in my personal capacity while voluntarily complying with all ethics rules and I will instead serve as an unpaid employee in the White House office, subject to all of the same rules as other federal employees,” she said in a statement. Questions about possible conflicts of interest arose after it was announced on March 20 that Trump, 35, would become an informal adviser to her father, President Donald Trump, with an office in the West Wing.

Speaking in a subsequent interview with Internet portal KnowMyRepublican.com, President Trump’s daughter reiterated her desire to be viewed “as a member of the White House staff that is equally deserving of the honor of serving her country by following the same rules as everybody else.” “I have no desire whatsoever to be treated differently just because I happen to be the daughter of the President of the United States,” she said. “Regardless of the fact that that happens to be the case, I have no problem whatsoever being subjected to the same objective criteria as all other employees of the White House. As a matter of fact, I consider that an honor.”

Asked to elaborate further on the reason for agreeing to renounce her salary in exchange for retaining her White House position, Trump argued that she was merely “following an old Trump family tradition” that, apparently, has everything to do with altruism and nothing whatsoever with common sense. “It’s about the way we were raised,” she explained. “Our father always taught my brothers and me to give back to the community because that’s what counts. The community is one of the main reasons for one’s success and it deserves to be given something back as a token of one’s appreciation. We were always taught to donate as much as we could, because it was our duty as a ridiculously wealthy family to help those who were not as fortunate, intelligent, hardworking or cunning as we were. This is nothing more than a natural manifestation of our upbringing, that’s all there is to it.”

“I am well aware that the image that the American public has of the Trump family is that of a bunch of money-loving monsters who would stop at nothing to realize their selfish interests. But, that’s not the case at all. Like I said, I was taught to donate and give without personal interests, and that’s exactly what I’ve decided to do. I wanted to donate my salary back to America as a way of showing you all how much being by my father and serving in one of the monumental institutions of this country really means to me. But, if you’re asking me if I’d have done the same had I not been this rich, I would have to say I would probably think twice before making a similar move. At the end of the day -being noble is great; being so without my own Rolls Royce, not so much,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82345,"Self-appointed angry white woman Tomi Lahren lobbed another rant against Black Lives Matter onto the Internet. Lahren, who hosts a show on Glenn Beck’s channel, The Blaze, complained that Black Lives Matter activists had rallied around Korynn Gaines, a black woman shot and killed by police following a lengthy armed standoff that she partially broadcast on social media. “Who the hell would do that?” Lahren said. “Is this the kind of think that Black Lives Matter wants to get behind?”

The controversial host also argued that it is “ludicrous” to stand behind terrorists, regardless of their skin color or gender. “Because that’s what that woman was, a terrorist, make no mistake about it,” she said. “And coincidentally, her gender plays perfectly into the Black Lives Matter twisted philosophy, which revolves around white people, especially members of law enforcement, targeting African Americans on purpose, even the ones who are guilty of nothing.”

“In addition to that being completely untrue,” Lahren argued, “there is also the small thing of the terrorist’s 5-year old son, who was wounded in the gun fight, if I’m not mistaken. Now, if the mother had survived to raise that child, what kind of a man do you think he would become? A welcoming, prejudice-free person who would care for all people equally or perhaps the same, white people-hating domestic terrorist like his mother? I’m betting the latter, and I’m sure everybody else does, too.”

She added, “And what are we faced with now? The same old scenario – the Black Lives Movement is pining over a criminal who attempted to take the lives of several police officers, while at the same time professing some sort of alleged racial oppression. Well, you know something? It’s very simple: if you’re black in this country and you don’t want to get shot by the police, be nice and don’t carry a gun on your person. As a matter of fact, don’t own one altogether. That way you’ll be safe.”

At that point, however, the angry host decided to go all out with the criticism. “Actually, you know something?” She said, more for herself. “This is actually going right at the moment, we don’t need to change anything. We just need to let the police do their thing, they’re trained for this type of situations. Because, as we’ve seen, the moment we step in, we’re accused of being racist and oppressive. Nah, we’ll sit tight on this one from now on.”

“What I’m saying,” she felt the need to further elaborate, “is that police should, in fact, keep doing what it’s doing right now. They need to keep shooting black people who are a threat, because that’s how it goes. If you want to pick up a gun and threaten someone’s freedom to live in peace, you’re going down,” Lahren threatened. “And the Black Lives Matter supporters need to get their heads screwed on right, because all they ever do is moan and whine and protest, and it always seems to end with white police officers getting shot.”

“At the end of the day, if they don’t want to try and realize that they’re wrong, we’ll make them realize it. The Black Lives Matter movement needs to stop and it needs to not support terrorists and try to make them look like victims because of their skin color. And if they don’t want to do that, the police needs to make them do that. I’m sorry to have to say it, but if more black people need to die for the Black Lives Matter movement to change its ways, then so be it. What’s more, I think police should kill one black criminal on a regular basis, like once a month or something until the BLM comes to its senses. If they won’t do it nicely, we’ll make them do it. Period. Because, the lives of the many outweigh the lives of the few,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80556,"No one was surprised recently when Donald Trump boasted about the kind words he received from Vladimir Putin, even playing down the Russian president’s record of persecuting journalists and dissidents. “He’s running his country and at least he’s a leader,” Trump told Joe Scarborough. “You know, unlike what we have in this country.” Trump has been heaping praise on Putin throughout his presidential campaign, even insisting that he met the Russian president when they appeared in the same 60 Minutes segment.

Soon after the exchange of compliments between Trump and Putin, far-right activists took to social networks, proclaiming an ultimatum that they’ll “pack our bags and leave our homeland for good if the Supreme Court same-sex marriage ruling is not reversed within 90 days. Russia seems like a much more welcoming country for Christians who oppose all things LGBT than the ‘land of the free and the home of the brave.’”

Starting with Facebook and then working their way across several other social networks, including Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn, and Instagram, the activists said they shared the statement “in an effort to turn the attention of the public to the fact that the burning issue of same-sex marriage is already becoming unnoticeable and as accepted as if it were an insignificant headline in a weekly tabloid.” They added that “kids who are born today will grow up believing that gay marriages are OK, and that is more devastating than believing that black people are intellectually equal to white people.”

“Things have become so deviant in the everyday life of a typical white Christian family in this country, that we have seriously started to empty our savings accounts and borrow money from friends and family to buy plane tickets and food supplies for Russia. We are well aware of the political situation in that part of the world, just as we’re aware of the history between our two countries. However, today, in this time, we actually believe we are safer and will be able to have a more normal life in Russia than in this God-forsaken part of the world where Lucifer has begun to form his armies of sodomites,” one activist, who requested anonymity, stated.

Asked whether the situation was indeed so dire that it required Americans to emigrate to Russia, another activist said: “Well, I don’t know about you, but if you want your son to learn that it’s okay to have anal sex with another man and not go to church because God doesn’t exist, then you’re free to stay here. As for me, as for all of us who are disgusted by everything Obama and the liberals have done to this country, and who admire everything Putin is doing to his, we’re just praying that God sends us enough money to be able to buy one-way tickets to Russia as soon as possible so we could get the hell out of here. That is, if the situation doesn’t miraculously change in 90 days.”

“And another thing,” a third person from the group interjected, saying, “when we leave, when all of us who have been burned by the gay lobby leave, the only ones left in America will be gays, black people and Mexicans. White Christians comprise almost 50% of America’s population. On the other hand, Russia will be getting a huge boost in demographics, and I can say we’re proud of the contribution we’ll be making to President Putin’s fight against all things unholy in this world. I guess he was right about America after all.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80493,"DES MOINES, Iowa – Iowa factory worker Jonathan Flagler, 30, has decided to cast his vote for Barack Obama after actress Scarlett Johansson vocally endorsed the incumbent president. Flagler had reviewed both Obama and Romney’s political platforms and looked at each candidate’s record, but still could not make up his mind until the blonde bombshell threw her weight behind the president.

“Her character in ‘The Avengers’ just seemed so repentant and moral, that if Ms. Johansson thinks the president is doing a good job, I would be foolish not to listen,” Flagler said. “I was ambivalent about Obamacare and the president’s Middle East policy, but she is just so beautiful that it’s hard not to listen when she opens her luscious lips.”

Flagler’s wife Liz though, is far from impressed. “Just because she is a buxom young tart doesn’t mean she knows anything about politics,” The 26-year-old nurse said. “I will be voting for Romney due to Brad Pitt’s mom’s endorsement.”

“Anyone can be beautiful, but that woman created beauty. How can a sane person not take what she says to heart?” Flagler said.

The political rift created by the rival celebrity endorsements has caused tension within the Flagger marriage. A few days ago the couple was thrown out of a local Old Country Buffet, where they were seen screaming at each other while John thrust the DVD case of ‘Girl With a Pearl Earring’ in his wife’s face.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80656,"AKRON, Ala. — Protesting Obama’s reelection and what they view as government’s intrusion into their personal freedom, members of the Akron City Republican Committee today announced their intention spread the debilitating STD known as Syphilis amongst themselves.

“That black fella and his commie ways are gonna bankrupt this great Christian Nation,” said Committee President Randall Brumfield. “So we’re makin’ a line in the sand that says no more! He can’t force his OcommieCare down our throats! Nobody forces anything down our throats! ‘Cept maybe Al when he’s had a few. He’s a big guy and hard to say no to.”

According to Brumfield, the plan is to spread the STD to every member of the Akron City Republican Committee, in an effort to fill up emergency rooms in the greater Akron area, costing taxpayers thousands of dollars in health care costs. “That’ll show them Blue Staters!” Brumfield exclaimed.

The plan is the brainchild of Akron resident Harvey Dagnall, who came up with the idea while attending a Chewing Gum Convention in Atlanta, Georgia.

“I knew something was up when he came home, but he kept it to himself at first,” recalls Dagnall’s wife, Edith. “When the first sores started showing up on his pecker a couple a weeks later, he told me his plan and I ’bout flipped for it. Take that, Mr. Kenya!”

Mrs. Dagnall joined the protest a week later and quickly convinced Harvey to bring it to the group. The idea caught on right away. Lifelong Republican Emmitt Drawls was one of the first to join the movement. “Ah Hell, I already got me some nasty bumps, so I figured, sign me up! I’m protestin’!”

A few members of the committee have proved less than enthusiastic to the idea, but by and large, Dagnall’s brainchild has spread like an infectious disease run rampant amongst an ignorant and unsuspecting population.

“This thing’s got real legs,” says Brumfield. “Some folks is climbing on board the bandwagon before we even pitch them the idea. Harvey’s real persuasive.”

The protest has drawn limited attention outside of the close-knit community, but word did reach Alabama Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, who released the following statement: “I salute these brave patriots for their courageous stand against the ruination of the American Dream. These people are models for citizens in action, and we would do well to emulate their efforts. Symbolically. we should also probably stay away from Akron for a while.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80049,"LGBT activist and “Savage Lovecast” host Dan Savage tore into Melania Trump, admitting he “f*cking hates” the first lady – and thinks liberals give her a pass because she’s pretty. “God knows there’s enough hate in the world and I don’t want to add to the sum total, but forgive me, I have to get this off my chest: I f*cking hate Melania Trump,” Savage said during his latest installment of his “Savage Love” podcast, the Wrap reports. “I’m not alone in loathing Donald Trump’s third wife,” he continued. “She’s married to a misogynist, after all. Odds are good her husband hates her too.”

Responding to Savage’s comments, the First Lady told Elle Magazine that she will be “filing a lawsuit against that disgusting man” for claiming that President Donald Trump hates her. “He is my husband and to say such a thing is not only tasteless, it’s flat out insulting. I will not stand for it and I will take legal action to make sure he apologizes and takes back everything he said. I can understand people disliking me or my husband because of what we do and the choices we make, but I cannot and will not stand here and take insults from people who have no other way of attracting attention than spitting on hard-working men and women of this country.”

The First Lady also argued that Savage’s claims are “preposterous,” as well as that “he has absolutely no idea what’s he’s talking about.” “I understand he’s gay, which is something that’s perfectly fine with me, but I suspect it might have been the partial cause of this entire mix-up.” Asked to elaborate, Melania argued, “Well, when you spend the majority of your life going after men and spend the majority of your time being romantically involved with them, it’s quite understandable that you start to also lose sight of what it means to be married to a woman. After all, us women are quite different from men in numerous ways. Our minds work differently, our bodies work differently – there’s an entirely different universe in which we girls exist at times. So, I can definitely understand why that poor, ugly gay man sounds so frustrated.”

“After all, I’m a gorgeous American model who has made a career for herself when I first came to this country,” she added. “And, by the way – I earned my citizenship the hard way, which is to say, completely legally. On the other hand, when I look at that man – speaking from a woman’s angle – the only thing savage about him appears to be his disgusting, bony face, complete with the hilarious chin dimple. Therefore, I can say I completely understand why he has the need to bash on pretty people – it’s quite clear he suffers from an inferiority complex.”

“Still, that doesn’t mean he gets to say things like that and then gets away with it. I will make sure he pays for everything he said, including his insults to my husband. Even if he’s lucky enough to survive the gay deportation my husband has planned very soon, I’m sure we’ll find something else for him to do to prevent him from sitting around all day, doing nothing but making good, pretty people feel bad about themselves. Something like working on an oil rig, or maybe a quarry,” the First Lady concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80326,"PYONGYANG — North Korea’s latest threats against the international community, and the United States in particular, have left many worried whether the rogue nation might actually follow through on an attack. But while the vast majority of Americans agree that they find the prospect of a nuclear North Korea with long-range rocket capabilities harrowing, many […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80419,"Conspiracy theorist Alex Jones has suggested the Obama White House is hiding a sex tape featuring Malia Obama. “My sources in cyber security and intelligence tell me Obama is using NSA, CIA and Anonymous hackers to scrub any trace of the tape from the Internet,” said Jones on his show “Info Wars.” “He also used his contacts with Google to stop the video showing up in searches.”

“Now, to be completely honest, I’m sure a great majority of us can relate to being young and doing things in the spur of the moment. And with technology being what it is today, it’s easy to just pick up your smartphone and start snapping or filming virtually anything you deem interesting, especially if you’re under the influence of something like alcohol or drugs. But again – most of us have our own skeletons in the closet, so I don’t think we should be that quick to judge poor Malia,” Jones said.

“Living under a glass bell takes its toll on a person,” he continued. “And when you’re basically jailed most of the time you’re awake, you kind of want to protest that. You want control over your life and freedom to do something without thinking of the consequences and that’s understandable. But, here’s what I’m confused about: if it was okay for our president to watch porn before he became commander-in-chief, during his student days and when he was just some guy nobody cared about, why does he have double standards when it comes to a tape that features his daughter?”

Jones also said, “Truth be told, I can’t possibly imagine if any decent Americans out there, or anyone else for that matter, would have anything to gain from watching a video of a young gorilla having drugged sex? I mean, you could probably have more fun by just going to the nearest zoo and waiting to see if the gorillas in captivity will get it on at some point. But hey – what I don’t know could fill a warehouse and I certainly am not going to explore what drugged gorilla intercourse looks like, First Daughter or not.”

The conspiracy theorist also said, “But what I am going to explore because it’s important and I owe it to you, my male listeners, is why President Obama is being a hypocrite on this.” He added that double standards “never helped anyone,” and “least of all, a person of historical significance, in lack of a better term.” “It’s not fair and that goes double because we’re talking here about a man who’s spent the last 8 years trying to present himself as righteous and fair above all else, and here we have proof that that’s a lie,”

“I hereby request that Malia Obama’s sex tape be made publicly available for watching because that’s only fair when it comes to the interests of millions of male Americans. I want pornography aficionados to have that experience of seeing what a drugged gorilla looks like when it’s having intercourse, and I ask that it be done immediately. Americans deserve to know what a barely-legal First Daughter looks and sounds like while she’s defying her daddy,” Jones concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81684,"WASHINGTON — Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky) has warned his supporters that if they are not careful, black men will soon be taking their guns and possibly their wives.

Sen. McConnell, who is also expected to ask Congress to change his official title to something less offensive to his constituents, told his supporters in an e-mail that their guns are in danger.

“You and I are literally surrounded,” Sen. McConnell said, apparently trying to use the word “literally” in a figurative sense. “The gun-grabbers in the Senate are about to launch an all-out-assault on the Second Amendment. On your rights. On your freedom.”

McConnell, who uses sentence fragments because he feels they are more efficient, stressed in his e-mail that all guns are under attack.

“They’re coming for your guns,” he said in the widely reported e-mail.

“And who is behind taking your guns?” McConnell continued in an extra portion of the e-mail leaked to NewsMakeup.com. “That’s right, Barack Obama. Our first black president. He has black friends. Do you want a bunch of black guys taking your guns? I don’t think you do. You know what happens if they take your guns, right? Then they will take your wives and daughters, and even your sports teams. They will make us their slaves! It would be just like Planet of the Apes.”

Asked to comment further, Sen. McConnell offered this explanation.

“Look, if you have lots of guns, you probably have a small penis. We know that. It’s OK to admit it. Hey, at least we have big guns. They may fire too fast sometimes and get jammed, but we know how to use them. My wife doesn’t care and nobody is going to mess with me because I have a big gun,” the Senator explained. “What we don’t need now is a bunch of black men coming around and taking our penises. I mean guns.”

McConnell is also concerned that Pres. Obama taking guns away from “true Americans” is an assault on safety in the country’s towns and cities.

“We need our guns in case we have guys in hoodies walking around our neighborhoods,” he said. “True Americans with true American values should be able to live in their homes with their guns and their wives and their Viagra. God clearly wants all people to be able to kill each other with guns, and an attack on our guns is tantamount to the Jews attacking Jesus Christ.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82259,"In his latest syndicated column, Pat Buchanan whole-heartedly agrees with Donald Trump’s claim that the election will be “rigged” against him, writing that the “system” is in fact rigged against “white men.” “…When did the country vote to convert the America we grew up in into the Third World country our descendants will inherit in […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80420,"In a fundraising email sent on Friday, Austin Ruse of the Religious Right group C-Fam hyped his group’s work against LGBT and reproductive rights around the globe by declaring that the “sexual revolution” has a higher “body count” than “Stalin, Hitler, Pol Pot, all tyrants combined.” Not only do these “enemies” want to “undermine the morals of you, your family, your children, your grandchildren,” he writes, “rapacious westerners” are also going after the developing world with “smiles on their faces and poison in their pockets.”

Asked to comment on his hateful email, Ruse told Orlando-based KYXZ Radio that, unlike the liberal movement that’s trying to make this country “implode,” all he’s doing was “fighting the good fight by any means necessary.” “And at some point, especially when you’re both heavily outnumbered as well as outgunned, you just stop lying to yourself and admit that, for better or worse, the end does justify the means,” he said. “History is written by winners, not losers. And the fact that we are today able to recognize the fact that Hitler, Stalin and the aforementioned tyrants were mass murderers and dictators only means that we were the ones who won. If things had been different, who knows what history would have looked like today.”

He continued, “What I’m trying to say here is – when you’re faced with impossible odds, you start looking for any and all advantages. And if I have to resort to a more vulgar rhetoric – so be it. The most important part is I’m not lying regardless of what kind of vocabulary I’m using. This country is today on a collision path with God, with traditional moral values, with everything we used to hold dear and true. Perversion, sin and the Devil himself all have a permanent residence among Americans and the only way to battle that is to make drastic cuts. A particular one I feel would give us a huge head start is to ban young boys from masturbating and force them to have intercourse and make babies instead.”

Ruse said that the idea “wasn’t perfect,” but that at this point “we need to resort to radical moves, and avoid diplomacy and political correctness by all means.” “That would be one possible way of truly getting to work on making America great again. Think about it for a second: what I’m suggesting would effectively be something like killing not two, but three birds with one stone,” he revealed.

“Firstly, over the past 25 years, testosterone levels in young men have inexplicably dropped by very large amounts, and not masturbating would raise testosterone levels in boys’ blood. Second, we would have a lot more white babies as a result of only having sex and not masturbating. And thirdly, young boys would develop the mental toughness that would potentially result in them craving female companionship and avoiding the gay temptations of the Devil,” Ruse said. “We would reinvigorate and repopulate America in one go, and the best part is – there would be no additional cost to the measure. The national budget would be clear of all liability. I would even dare argue that it’s worthy of being christened The Final Solution – in a sense, of course.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79881,"“I can’t really tell you if that’s going to be me, regardless of how much I’d like to. However, you never know what’s going to happen to tomorrow, you just can’t. But I will tell you this, the Muslim issue that we have in the U.S. – and you Sir are right, we do have a Muslim issue – is going to have to wait. Especially since everybody is looking to America to help with the Syrian refugees right now.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81270,"SEASIDE, N.J. — From the wreckage of Hurricane Sandy, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has arisen as a heroic leader, receiving praise and gratitude from Democrats and Republicans alike. Governor Christie has worked tirelessly throughout the ordeal, displaying the confidence and bipartisan leadership that is so essential in times of crisis. The Governor, already excelling in his leadership role, went even further above and beyond the call of duty on Saturday, when he donated nearly all of his own pants at a relief center in Seaside.

The Governor’s inspiring, selfless donation included four pairs of jeans, seven pairs of slacks, two pairs of sweatpants and one enormous set of overalls. With each individual pair of pants able to provide shelter for four to six families, this may be the single largest donation that Sandy’s victims have received yet.

Disaster workers and FEMA officials applauded as Governor Christie walked through the shelter in his socks and a pair of white boxers that said, “I Love New Jersey” across the backside. President Barack Obama had only compliments and appreciation for Governor Christie’s no-nonsense, no-pants approach to the situation, saying that only a true democratic leader can be so effective while “letting the people wear the pants.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79817,"A Republican former lawmaker who suggested Obama supported Islamic State militants and urged voters to take up arms over a proposed energy tax is now blaming Comedy Central for the shootings of two GOP congressmen. Michelle Bachman – who called on her constituents to become “armed and dangerous” over an emissions tax for energy production – rebuked comedians, media personalities and political figures for inspiring an Illinois man with a history of domestic violence to shoot two lawmakers and three others. “The assassin was a Bernie Sanders volunteer, Rachel Maddow fan, avid follower of Comedy Central and of Bill Maher,” Bachmann said. “The [would-be] assassin obviously listened well to his TV political ‘teachers’ and took his ‘resist’ marching orders to an unthinkable level, based upon the hysterical, fact deprived, profanity-laced ravings of the lunatic left.”

She continued, “And out of those that I’ve just mentioned, the worst possible influence on the man, I would imagine, was the doing of Comedy Central. So, if you were to ask me who I blame all of this on, it’s them. You see, many people don’t understand – and unfortunately, a handful of them does so perfectly – that television is an incredibly powerful medium designed to control the masses. I realize this may sound like a conspiracy theory, but if you just think about it for a second, you’ll realize that there’s truth to what I’m saying. We let our children be influenced by television programs that focus nowadays on profanity, casual sex and a complete absence of anything that remotely resembles family values and what we’re left with is, at best, people who grow up confused and completely out of place.”

“The trick is, they hide their true intentions very nicely by calling their programs ‘humor’ and ‘entertainment’ and terms similar to those, but in reality, they’re doing nothing more than selling junk and a warped sense of reality for profits,” Bachmann also said. “So, what we have here is a situation where generations upon generations of Americans were raised by television instead of their parents, and the way children learn is they imitate whatever they see. It’s the old monkey-see-monkey-do thing. But, the worst of the worst by far is Comedy Central; a television channel that supposedly deals with humor, but in doing so, steps over every possible boundary when it comes to taste and morals. To top it all off, their favorite thing to mess with is religion and God. They’re taking this all-important American value for granted and are saying the worst possible things about it to make money. It’s disgusting.”

Naturally, since it’s a very popular channel, a lot of people watch it daily. The more people watch it, the more it gains popularity and the more people start believing everything they hear over there, which is to say, an increasing number of people starts joking about religion on a daily basis. Furthermore, when you add to the equation how long the channel’s been in existence, you’re able to roughly understand how many generations it has successfully corrupted. On the other hand, God is all about forgiveness – up to a certain point. In order for Him to forgive one’s sins, one first needs to repent. There’s no such thing going on these days, let me tell you. So, naturally, God’s very mad at the rest of us for allowing this to happen. And then we’re surprised all of a sudden that after 8 years of Barack Obama’s presidency we see an escalation of violence that targets Republicans throughout America? It’s only logical that he’s punishing us this way. He’s letting us know it’s time to act before it’s too late and before future generations stop believing in God altogether,” Bachmann concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81533,"Thank you for having me here today. I appreciate all of you the same way I appreciate working with and around deadlines. In this hectic day and age, it’s good to be on the forefront of what gives a news story legitimacy, like facts, details, facts, and accuracy. At the Post, we call this “Faccuracy,” a very clever portmanteau of the words “fact” and “accuracy,” as you can see, and we’re very proud of it. So let’s begin.

Running down the events of the past week, we turn to Boston, where the maniacal Bashar Al-Assad has threatened to ramp up New England’s nuclear program unabatedly, despite calls from the West to halt immediately. Meanwhile, the Confederate States of America has repeatedly stated that we will defend our staunch allies in Newfoundland and South Cape Cod.

Here at home in New York, the support for Mayor Giuliani’s sofa ban has been long since forgotten, in favor of opposing sides casting allegiance behind the counterpoints of the gum debate.

Why this liberal mayor of ours continues to push the banning of delicious chewing gum is beyond us here at the New York Post. We feel it is our God given right to chew gum, and to do so when we please. The Framers would be disgusted if they knew that government officials were overstepping their boundaries like this. No lawmaking organization should be telling you, the American people, what to put into your bodies.

I put strange things into my body all the time, every day of the week. Whether it’s this 170 proof grain alcohol, or some strange Chinese merchant’s powered mixture of ox-tail and cocaine, I need these things to continue my work. We all do. Please forgive us if we seem a little…eager.

Update #1: I’m being told that Mayor Giuliani has been out of office for several years. We here at the Post apologize to Mayor Koch’s office for the inconsistency in our reporting. We would like to assure our readers that this sort of thing happens in the fast-paced world of journalism.

We here at the Post are dedicated to bringing you information as soon as it becomes available, even if that information has not been verified, validated or even scanned before we run it. Hell, last week, someone squirted mustard onto the printing press, and we ran it as a story about fluctuating bitcoin prices.

Moving on to the Middle East now: Drones are bad. Drones can be good. Can someone tell me what a drone is? Uh huh, I see. Yes. Oh wow. That’s nifty. I mean, that’s awful.

Update #2: I’m also being told at this time that the President is black, abortion is apparently a thing, and not all Muslims are terrorists. We at the Post find this more than a little bit shocking. We’ll follow these late-breaking developments as more information becomes available, or as soon as our fax machine is refilled with paper.

We’d like to make a correction from an earlier posting: There is NO East Korea. There is a North Korea, a bastion of capitalism and free speech, and South Korea, a communist infested hell hole, much like San Francisco. We apologize for any confusion.

Join us in ournext issue, where we dedicate the first six pages to some random celebrity irrelevancy, then wonder why we’re not the premier one-stop news outlet in New York City.

If anyone wishes to submit a tip to our editorial department, please pen a letter to our PO Box below, or send an electronic mail correspondence to NYPOST@Netscape.com. We no longer accept carrier pigeons.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
40778,"Washington, D.C. – Within hours of North Korea’s nuclear test Friday, it had become a political weapon in the U.S. The test – Pyongyang’s fifth and most powerful – had enough force to “rip the heart out of a city,” one expert said. It marks one more step in North Korea’s efforts to develop the missiles and miniaturized warheads needed to reach its perceived enemies. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump seized on the test to discredit his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, arguing that “it’s just one more massive failure from a failed secretary of state.”

“The whole time that woman was secretary of state, she didn’t do one good thing on the job, not a single one,” Trump told CNN after a rally in Pensacola, Florida. “And it ended with the catastrophic Benghazi scandal in 2012, where we lost an ambassador and several embassy personnel. And as if that wasn’t enough, I read somewhere the other day that she doesn’t feel that we lost anyone important in that bombing. Now, this is the Democratic presidential candidate we’re talking about here, I want you to understand that.”

Asked how he would tackle the problem, the billionaire businessman promised he would “stop those crazy Muslims from North Korea at all cost.” “Let tell you, I’ve been in difficult situations all my life. I’ve struggled, I’ve been broke, I’ve been booed thousands of times. I’ve had my share of seemingly impossible situations and you want to know something? I’m still standing and I’m right here, and that’s the kind of man America needs to help it become great again,” he argued.

“Those crazy North Korean Muslims think they can get away with threatening the world; well, they’ve got another thing coming, I’ll tell you that,” he continued. “You know how I got a reputation as a wall-builder because of my presidential campaign and plans to build a wall on the Mexico border? Well, it wasn’t just for show. I am going to build a wall so great around all of North Korea that Kim Jong Un is going to have to push his engineers into creating an artificial sun just so he’ll be able to take a leak. And I’m not going to stop at a giant wall; for North Korea, I’m going all out with a ceiling, as well. I’m going to turn that country into one giant tomb, so that if he ever decides to launch those missiles, the only thing he’ll be hitting is his own fat a*s.”

“This is just another proof that you just can’t reason with Muslims, they’re not a reasonable people or religion. And the sanctions aren’t going to work, either. They’ll just start eating less than they already are and they’re going to get leaner and more difficult to kill if there’s ever a war with them. No, those North Korean Muslims are a special breed. The only thing that would work against them is stripping them of their motivation to go on fighting. Going after their will to live is what we’ll have to do if we want to beat them, and my wall with a hatch is going to deliver just that, unlike Hillary Clinton, who would only bend over for them, because, you know, that’s about all women like her are ever good at,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81941,"“Washington, D.C. – A day after saying the U.S. should accept more Syrian refugees, Donald Trump seemed to back track on the idea Wednesday. Following Trump’s appearance at a Capitol Hill rally criticizing the Iran nuclear agreement, CNN asked him if the U.S. should welcome refugees fleeing a war-torn Syria.

“But Trump suggested that the U.S. should focus on other issues, including the country’s finances. “We have our own problems, we have very big problems between our own borders and our infrastructure and everything else,” Trump said. “We have some very big problems. We have to solve our problems and we’d better do it fast. We owe 19 trillion dollars.”

In his own style, the real estate magnate then suggested a familiar solution to the refugee problem, one that he has been advocating for some time now – building a wall. However, he added to the punch by advising that this new wall be located “right at the source of the problem.”

“The problem with the world today is that everybody is used to America fixing everything and making it better. That’s what we’ve been doing ever since World War II and we have entire generations of people around the world who grew up watching us make peace everywhere. So today, they’re expecting us to do the same once again with the war in Syria,” Trump told Newslo.

He continued: “However, while I do agree that we have to work much harder these days, and in general, I do not believe the Syrian refugee problem is a U.S. problem. I think it is primarily the problem of Syria, Turkey and then the EU. I mean, you’ve got people in Europe who are already building walls to keep their own countries refugee-free, like Hungary and Bulgaria, but the source of the whole situation is still without a solution. That is where the problem has to be solved, it’s like weed, you have to nip it in the bud.”

Asked what the best solution would be in his opinion, the former reality host reacted as if that was the question he’d been waiting for during the entire interview: “Well, I think people pretty much realize by now how my mind works. The way I see it, Turkey is the first line of defense, and not just geographically speaking. But, while we’re on the subject of geography, I believe that the Turkish government should take a page from my book a build a wall along its border with Syria. That’s the simplest, yet most effective solution.”

And when Newslo’s reporter asked Trump whether Syria should be forced to pay for that wall, in accordance with Trump’s comments that he would, as president, force Mexico to pay for such a wall along the U.S. – Mexico border, he nonchalantly said: “Well, they’re the ones who caused this whole situation, aren’t they? If they had had the power to prevent war in their own country, none of this would have happened. So, it’s only right they should suffer the consequences, just like Mexico.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81176,"WASHINGTON — A new secession fad has been sweeping the nation, as residents in all fifty U.S. states have now filed proposals to break with the federal government, each utilizing the federally-funded “We the People” online petitioning system. Created by the Obama administration as a way to encourage active participation in the democratic process, the administration promises to formally respond to any petition submitted to “We the People” that receives 25,000 signatures within 30 days.

Over 625,000 lives were lost when the South broke from the North in 1861. This year, the American people chose a different tactic to express their displeasure with November’s election results: they pushed a button asking the president’s permission to let the states free, then whined about it on Facebook for a few hours.

Noted Civil War historian Lauretta Wright explains that the Great Pouting Act of 2012 is basically “the secession equivalent of asking to be excused from the dinner table,” she said.

While many like Wright doubt the force such pleas will have on the Obama administration, secessionists remain optimistic. “The South shall rise again,” promised Alabama resident Cooper Digby. “If Obama lets us, of course.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80897,"The announcement that Mall of America was welcoming its first black Santa Claus was greeted in many quarters as a good thing but, as might be expected in a country that has become increasingly more comfortable saying any racist thing that comes to mind, many were highly offended. Three years after Fox’s Megyn Kelly definitively explained to America that both Jesus Christ and Santa Claus were white men, Mall of America dismissed her advice and hired Larry Jefferson, a retired U.S. Army veteran from Irving, Texas to spend four days at the mall listening to the wish lists of children of all colors.

Among many who were offended by this move was former half-term governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin. The sharp-tongued Republican wasted no time in condemning the company’s actions, going on social media and posting comments that called for boycotting and “running Mall of America into the ground,” on the basis of Santa “always having been white in the Bible.” “No, I refuse to believe that they went this far in trying to cater to the minorities, I thought the company had some backbone but I guess I was wrong,” Palin told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune.

She also argued that hiring a non-white Santa Claus was “the last straw” in corporate America’s twisting of traditional, conservative Christian values, “because they realized they couldn’t make any more money off of the usual scams and techniques they’ve been using so far.” She added, “That’s why they had to come up with something new and out of the box, at least something that appeared that way in their minds. But, this proves that they have no morals and that they won’t shy away from even the most blatant twisting of traditional Christian values, just so they could make more money. I understand having to make a profit in order to get by and have a good life, but I don’t understand stomping on things that are holy and sacred in order to accomplish that.”

“That’s why Americans, especially white ones, need to boycott the company and need to run it into the ground, so that they never ever come up with such an offensive and sacrilegious idea again,” Palin added. “The Holy Book always said Santa Claus was white and any kind of deviation from that, regardless of its magnitude, is a sin. And we need to make an example out of Mall of America. If we don’t, if we let them get away with it, what’s next? Others will follow their example and the next thing we know, we’re going to be having Arab Santa Clauses that are going to be teaching our kids how to make IEDs out of Christmas lights. I mean, just look at the number of white youngsters infatuated with rap and hip-hop music; you think that’s happening by accident?”

“Nope, our children are systematically being indoctrinated into other cultures and interests that have nothing to do with traditional, white Christianity. The numbers of converts to Islam have also spiked, just as much as interracial marriages between white women and members of other ethnic groups. We are being bred out, people, and as innocent as it may seem, a black Santa is just the beginning,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82667,"Electing Bernie Sanders as president would lead to the end of golfing in the United States, according to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. “We have to be progressive in our thinking,” Trump said during a campaign rally in Hilton Head, South Carolina. “When I say progressive I mean like smart. I’m not talking progressive like […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81502,"WASHINGTON — Leaders of the Republican Party today expressed confusion at the sight of unified Democrats standing firm and refusing to give in on absolutely every political issue currently facing the nation.

“It’s really weird,” said House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia. “I don’t know how many times we’ve told them that tax rates for the wealthy must be cut, yet they keep saying they plan on letting the Bush tax cuts expire. It’s like we’re living in the Twilight Zone or something.”

Recently, Democrats have vowed to remain firm in their standoff against the Republicans over the so-called “fiscal cliff,” endorsing the ecoomic plan put forth by President Obama, which would allow the Bush tax cuts to expire while keeping Social Security and Medicare cuts off the negotiating table.

“I just don’t understand,” said Speaker of the House John Boehner. “We’ve been very clear about what we want, yet they don’t appear to be giving it to us. Maybe our page got lost trying to deliver our demands. I’ll send another one.”

Republicans are not the only ones expressing shock at the newfound Democratic spine.

“I was explaining to a constituent why giving up on our core values and letting the Republicans slash entitlements was important for demonstrating a commitment to bipartisanship,” said Representative Eliot Engle of New York. “Suddenly [fellow Democratic Representative] Doris [Matusi of California] came rushing in, arms waving, saying we weren’t caving. It was all very confusing.”

Washington Post editorial columnist Michael Gerson says that, while the news is shocking, he doesn’t expect the Democrats’ resolve to last. “It’s the lame duck session,” Gershon explained, “They just won an election. They’re feeling good, flexing their muscles. Come January, when a new congress is sworn in with a returning Democratic president and a stronger Democratic majority in the Senate, they’ll settle down and allow the Republicans to run roughshod over them as usual.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80178,"WASHINGTON — An internal investigation carried out by the Department of Defense in response to Monday’s mass shooting at a Navy building in Washington, D.C. has revealed that Ayman al-Zawahiri—the nominal leader of the Islamist terror group al-Qaeda—was given top security clearance last year, allowing him to enter virtually any secured military building in the United States unattended. Military officials admit that giving clearance to the man who is believed to have helped mastermind the 9/11 terror attacks was a “pretty big blunder,” but maintain that the “system is not flawed.”

The report, released Tuesday, shows that in August of 2012 Ayman al-Zawahiri—the world’s most-wanted fugitive who became the leader of al-Qaeda after Osama Bin Laden’s death—applied for a “secret” level security clearance at the Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office. Zawahiri’s request was approved on the spot, despite the fact that, according to the report, he “mumbled something about death to America.”

Stan Sims, Director of the Defense Security Service (DSS), says that giving a terrorist madman access to U.S. military sites is “not ideal” and “definitely unfortunate,” but asserted that it’s “just one of those things that happens sometimes.”

“When Zawahiri came in here, he had such a nice face, and he asked so politely,” Sims said. “We simply don’t have the time to check out every single person who applies for clearance. Usually we have to just make these decisions with our gut.”

“This time, I admit, we may have made the wrong call,” Sims said.

The report’s findings are likely to further enrage a public already frustrated with the Department of Defense’s security-clearance procedures. On Monday, a gunman identified as former Navy reservist and military contractor Aaron Alexis killed 12 people in a mass shooting inside Washington, D.C.’s Naval Yard. Alexis had reportedly been given security clearance to enter the premises at-will, despite a “pattern of misconduct” while with the Navy and multiple incidents of firearm misuse dating back to 2004, when he was arrested in Seattle for drunkenly shooting out the tires of a man’s truck. Alexis was killed in a shoot-out with police Monday.

Sims admitted that Alexis represented the “worst-case scenario,” but pointed out that, in Zawahiri’s case, the error was noticed and corrected “before anything catastrophic could happen.”

“Thankfully, Zawahiri seems to have only made use of his clearance to get free buffet-style breakfasts at various military-run cafeterias,” Sims explained. “The only form of terrorism he was able to engage in was the stink bomb he left in the bathroom on Breakfast Fajitas Friday—not that that wasn’t devastating in its own right.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82245,"Bryan Fischer, the former director of issues analysis for the fundamentalist American Family Association (AFA), recently defended the practice of gender discrimination, saying that God “designed” women – and not men – to be secretaries. On his radio program, Fischer pointed out that liberals had argued that companies could use religion to discriminate on the basis of gender or to oppose the minimum wage if Hobby Lobby was allowed to use Christianity as a shield to deny birth control to its employees.

However, he didn’t stop there. He also touched other topics during his rant, many of which have to do with the current state of politics in the country, including the upcoming presidential election in November. The conservative that he is, Fischer asked the question of whether or not the United States is going to get an “illegal Mexican president” any time soon, given that both President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton are both representatives of citizen groups that have been heavily discriminated against in the past.

“That’s where we’re headed, and we have no brakes,” Fischer argued. “Because, let’s break down what has been going on in our country in the past decades for a moment. A century or so ago, slavery was very much alive in America. And then it was abolished, and don’t get me wrong – that’s a good thing, a great thing. But now, some people call it progress, and I would disagree, but today we have a black President of the United States. Well, semi-black, but that’s beside the point. Okay, does everybody follow what I’m saying? Great.”

He continued, “Then, if you look back, we also had a situation at one point where women weren’t allowed to vote, okay, it was against the law. And again, that’s something we’ve changed and something that I’m totally for and that was a good decision. However, again, today we’ve got a woman who’s the Democratic presidential nominee, which means she could very easily become the next president, and she’d be the first ever female president in the history of our country. Now, without having to be a rocket scientist, does anybody else see a distinct pattern here or is it just me?”

“Again, I’m not saying either of those things are bad; I’m just questioning the direction in which we’re headed. At this rate and with that philosophy, also considering the state in which our country is in at the moment, I mean, what’s to stop us from electing an illegal immigrant president in 2020? I wouldn’t be surprised at all, because that seems to be the level of liberalization we’re striving for. And another thing – I’m convinced it’s just a matter of time, and not a matter of if it will come to that or not. And America with an illegal Mexican president at its head is the demonization of American values through and through, I have to say,” Fischer also argued.

“And, you know, while we’re there, why stop? Next up, in 2024, let’s stand idly by and allow a Syrian refugee president to get elected, and just continue in the same manner. Next up we could have a Russian socialist president, then a Chinese communist one, and oh, I almost forgot North Korea. Maybe Kim Jong Un’s grandson can get elected as well at the rate we’re going, I’m sure they’d like that very much. Meanwhile, we’ll just let traditional white Americans perish away into the wind thanks to illegal immigrants, crime and, most importantly, feminism. It seems American men have forgotten how to be men and have let women take over that role,” Fischer concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82099,"CLEVELAND — CNN executives have reportedly sent a 52-year-old Cleveland man a fruit basket — which includes bananas, apples and kiwi — along with a handwritten note thanking him for kidnapping three women and holding them captive for 10 years. The basket’s recipient—Ariel Castro—has been arrested for allegedly kidnapping Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michele Knight in three separate incidents between 2002 and 2004 and holding them against their will at his Cleveland home until their escape Monday—and, in the process, ensuring that CNN has a perfect story to fill the imminent programming gap left in the wake of the Jodi Arias trial.

“We can’t thank you enough,” the note, delivered to Castro in his Cleveland jail cell, reads in part. “As you may know, the Jodi Arias verdict will be coming any moment now, and the whole Boston Marathon bombing thing is starting to lose the public’s attention, so we were this close to being out of salacious news items to obsess over. But—thankfully!—your despicable act has totally saved our asses.”

Late Monday night, news broke that Amanda Berry—who went missing in 2003 when she was 16-years-old—had called Cleveland 911 from a neighbor’s house, apparently after having escaped her captor’s home, located around where she originally disappeared. Police responded to the call and found the other two women, both of whom are reportedly in fair condition. CNN devoted the rest of Monday night’s programming to the story, even publishing pictures of Berry in the hospital, and has begun planning for a series of hour-long specials to air every day for the next two weeks, or until something equally appalling happens.

CNN producers reportedly used the note delivered to Castro via fruit basket to lock the suspect down for an exclusive interview. “We’d also like to take this opportunity to help you get your side of the story heard. If you agree to sit down with CNN’s own Chris Cuomo, there will be plenty more gift baskets where this one came from!”

The note concludes, “And please, Mr. Castro, if you could help us get in touch with every person you’ve ever met in passing, we’re gonna have a lot of airspace to fill and we’d really like to get them on camera as well.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80424,"“Washington, D.C. – The former Rhode Island governor and senator Lincoln Chafee is making a bid to be Hillary Clinton’s anti-war foil on the left. In an interview with CNN’s Dana Bash on “State of the Union” on Sunday, Chafee, who this week launched an exploratory committee to seek the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, blasted Clinton’s “lack of judgment” on foreign policy.

“He said he and Clinton agree on most domestic policy issues, but “have some big areas of disagreement internationally.” Chafee all but declared his candidacy, saying: “I want to be on the stage in November, December and January debating these issues.” His biggest problem with Clinton, Chafee said Sunday, is her vote in favor of President George W. Bush’s war in Iraq.

“Chafee said: “That was a moment where the premise for going to Iraq was so false that there were weapons of mass destruction, she didn’t do her homework. We live with the ramifications. You may say that’s 12 years ago – that’s a big motivator for me running. If you show a lack of judgment, lack of doing homework then, what can we expect in the future?”

“He also blasted her tenure as President Barack Obama’s first-term secretary of state. Her time as America’s top diplomat, Chafee said, “was kind of muscular, top-down, unilateral, too close to neo-cons, too Bush-like.” It ended, he said, with “precious few” accomplishments.

“Chafee also said he’ll court the liberal backers of Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who has said she won’t challenge Clinton, pointing to his opposition to Bush-era tax cuts as evidence that he’s focused on income inequality. “There’s no doubt that Sen. Warren’s absolutely right about what’s happening to the middle class,” Chafee said. “She’s just been a prophet about this for a number of years.”

However, speaking exclusively to Newslo, Chafee said loud and clear what many honest and hard-working Americans have been thinking for some time now: “If it looks like a Republican, swims like a Republican and quacks like a Republican, chances are you’re looking at Hillary.”

“Ever since her time as Secretary of State, judging by her policy and diplomatic actions, you’d think you were observing a GOP member, minus the bad language. She’s got it all – the attitude, the drive and a huge pair between her legs, much bigger than many Tea Party members I personally know,” Chafee said, and added, “to be outright blunt, I don’t know why she doesn’t just switch parties already. I mean, her behavior is just pointless if she thinks she’s fooling anybody.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81078,"Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) expressed disappointment that President Barack Obama had not yet ended racism. The Republican senator and former presidential candidate appeared Wednesday on the West Virginia talk radio program hosted by Tom Roten, where the two conservatives discussed the protests that broke out over the fatal police shootings of black men in North Carolina and Oklahoma, reported Right Wing Watch.

“You know Tom, I wasn’t pro-Obama, not even back in 2008 when he first became president, but a lot of people mistook that for hatred. I don’t hate the man, not at all; I just didn’t think this country was ready for a black president. And if recent events are any indicator at all, I was right,” Paul said. “And as a black president, if it was me, one of the first things I would have gone for on the very first day of my presidency would have been to tackle the enormous racial gap that exists in this country, and that many people are pretending is not real.”

The senator from Kentucky then turned to talking about “many” of his African American friends, who, as he put it, would “gladly trade” their lives in America today under the Obama presidency for those of their ancestors who lived during slavery. “You know, I have a lot of black friends back home, people I grew up with. And just the other day, we were sitting around during a barbecue, having us some Kool-Aid and reminiscing of our childhoods. And then one of them mentioned that he’s so dissatisfied with Obama as president that he’d trade his life today for that of his great-grandfather, who was a slave, by the way.”

“And you know, it was one of those statements that instantly turned all of our faces from laughter to horror and then to sadness, because we could all see how depressed he had become over the last eight years,” Paul said. “And he was usually the goofiest of the bunch, he was the clown, you know the type, always making jokes and making other people laugh. And you know, here we were, I could barely recognize the man, and he was just so worried and hurt with everything that’s been going on in the country recently. I felt horrible as a politician and as a friend.”

Paul added, “But what really blew my mind was that, after the initial shock, every single one of our black friends said he was right and that they’d join him in a heartbeat. Now, I know these guys – we grew up together – they didn’t say that to make the first guy feel better, they actually meant it. So, when you have a situation like that, a situation in which a president who’s supposed to fix things ends up making them even worse, you ask yourself if you would have done better, perhaps.”

“And let me tell you, Tom – I know I would. If not because of my black friends, then because of millions of white kids throughout the country who are going to attend future barbecues with their black friends years from now. I would most definitely not have ruined their future like Obama has,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80721,"“It’s going to provide fans with the kind of up-close intimacy normally reserved for toilet cams,” the source said. “For the many Americans who’ve built their lives and worldviews around Palin, this will be a dream come true.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82349,"It’s not every day you get to perform a prayer in front of thousands, and close it out with “Boogity boogity boogity amen.” Joe Nelms took that opportunity in the last ever Xfinity Series race at Nashville Superspeedway on July 23, 2011. Nelms thanked everyone from the cars and engines to his “Smokin’ hot wife.” It’ll be five years on Saturday since the legendary prayer went viral, because it was arguably one of the funniest moments in NASCAR history.

Recently, the pastor came out of his 5-year retirement and was at it again. And he was more than back to his old ways. In an interview with Nesnfuel.com, Nelms took to preaching again, only this time he tackled politics. Whether it was because the presidential election is only months away or because he’s just a ladies man, Nelms also took the opportunity to thank the Lord “we’re probably going to finally have a smokin’ hot first lady after a long time.”

“I mean, don’t get me wrong, I think Nancy Reagan wasn’t too bad on the eyes either,” the comedic pastor argued in his style. “But, that was back in ’89 or something, and let me tell you, 26 years is a long time to be looking at some ugly-a*s women living in the White House. Luck would have it that this time we have the gorgeous Melany or whatever her name is, getting ready to do the job. And I’ll tell you something else – with a smokin’ hot bod like that, who cares where she’s from or what her name is.”

The controversial pastor also said that Americans have a lot to be grateful for, regardless of the fact that the past few years have been “less than kind to us.” “But you know, that’s the way of the world. You’re going to have good years and you’re going to have bad ones, but the main thing is to stay happy through it all. And that’s one of the reasons why I never understood gays – American women are so incredibly hot that all you have to do is go out into the street wherever you live and you’re guaranteed to fall in love within a couple of minutes,” Nelms praised his country.

“And coincidentally, that’s also why I’m a fan of Donald Trump,” he added. “I don’t know squat about politics, I’m just not into it. But I do love women. And my wife, the gorgeous woman that she is, knows about it and she’s okay with it. Because, just because you’re on a diet doesn’t mean you don’t get to look at the menu, right? And you can say whatever you want about Donald Trump, but the man has got an eye for women. Every single one he’s been with has been imported especially for him, but that’s okay. They were all smokin’ hot, and you can never have too many smokin’ hot genes in a country’s gene pool.”

“And that’s why every single American out there, regardless of his race, ethnicity, religion, or any other criteria, should wake up every morning and thank whatever God he believes in for the fact that we’re finally going to have a smokin’ hot first lady after half a century. Because even if we do end up at the brink of war because of Trump’s presidency, which is not a matter of if, but a matter of when, at least we’ll be safe in the knowledge that our First Lady is way hotter than the Russian or Chinese one. Take that, Putin!” the pastor opined.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82637,"Pope Francis said recently in Kenya that God’s name should never be invoked to justify violence. The pontiff expressed the importance of inter-religious dialogue during a meeting with faith leaders in Nairobi. “In an increasingly independent world, we see ever more clearly the need for inter-religious understanding, friendship and collaboration in defending the God-given dignity of individuals and peoples, and their right to live in freedom and happiness,” he remarked, according to Vatican Radio.

“Here I think of the importance of our common conviction that the God whom we seek to serve is a God of peace,” he added. “His holy Name must never be used to justify hatred and violence.” The pope described the Westgate mall and Garissa University College attacks as “barbarous.” Both attacks were carried out by Somalia’s Al Shabaab, a terrorist group linked to Al Qaeda.

However, when a reporter asked the pontiff about the fact that the Catholic Church in the early days “used God’s name to justify the evils it had done,” as well as the fact that “the Bible, the holy scripture of Christianity, is full of violence performed in the name of God,” the pope at first seemed shocked by the unexpected inquiry, then quickly pulled himself together and stuttered before coming up with a flimsy answer.

“That’s a good question,” the pontiff squeezed through his teeth, more to himself, before clearing his throat and continuing, “a question to which only He Himself knows the true answer. When it comes to us mortals, however, it can only be said that there is not one among us who has not sinned at least once in their life.”

Clearly dissatisfied with the pope’s answer, the same reporter again insisted: “Okay, but that does not answer my question – with all due respect, how can you call for stopping the use of God’s name for violence and crimes when the Catholic Church itself has been doing the same for centuries?”

Frustrated with the reporter’s unwillingness to drop the issue, Pope Francis said, “Well, you know, lately he seems to have calmed down. He’s just not in violence mode anymore, so that’s why now it’s not okay to use his name to justify our sins. In the old days, when he still thought we could be saved, he wanted to teach us a lesson by allowing us to do whatever we want. But, now that we have evolved, he finally understands that we are a lost cause. I don’t know if it’s because he’s tired or he’s just bored with everything, but he’s currently low on energy. Does that answer your question?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81116,"RALEIGH, N.C. — North Carolina’s legislature recently approved a series of laws which are the most restrictive new voting regulations yet passed in the wake of a June Supreme Court decision which dismantled much of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. While opponents have voiced strong opinions about the new legislation, calling it a racist effort to keep historically Democratic minority voters from the polls, Republicans have defended the laws, claiming that they’re not racist because they “discriminate against poor people of all colors equally.”

The laws include a number of sweeping measures that observers believe will likely lower minority turnout. These include ending same day voter registration; requiring voters to register, update their addresses, or make any other changes at least 25 days before an election; shortening the early voting period by a week; ending straight ticket voting; allowing any voter to challenge another voter’s eligibility; and requiring voters to show government-issued ID cards. The bill would also end a popular initiative to help register high school students.

The NAACP has attacked the bill, describing the legislation as “new voter suppression tactics,” as blacks, make up 22% of registered voters in North Carolina, but 34% of voters without driver’s licenses, 29% of early voters, and 34% of same day registration voters. However, Republican members of North Carolina’s legislature who supported the bill defended it vociferously from charges of racism. “There’s nothing racist about these laws,” State Senate leader Phil Berger argued. “They’re only aimed towards keeping poor people from voting; any effects against minorities are purely unintentional.” House leaders agreed. “It’s an equal opportunity bill,” North Carolina House of Representatives Speaker Thom Tillis insisted, noting that Republicans wanted to prevent “all poor people” from voting.

Governor Pat McCrory has not signed the bill yet, though he has promised to do so, despite protests from Democrats and civil rights advocates throughout the state and country. Though he hasn’t released an official statement, a spokesman noted that McCrory, unlike the legislature, admitted that the bill is both racist and anti-poor people, explaining that the “white trash voters are just as likely to vote for Democrats as are welfare queens from the ghetto.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82831,"“Some in the gay community there, they want to get people so if they got the stuff they’ll have a ring, you shake hands, and the ring’s got a little thing where you cut your finger.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79963,"White ESPN commentator Paul Finebaum said that black Americans need to stop complaining about discrimination because “this country is not oppressing black people.” Black Sports Online reported Thursday on Finebaum’s remarks, which he made on his ESPN Radio show Monday. “This country has issues,” Finebaum said, “but this country is not oppressing black people.” The sports author joined a panel discussion about San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick on Tuesday where he underscored his assertion that black people in America aren’t being oppressed.

“I honestly have no idea where he’s coming from with all this,” Finebaum argued during his show. “What really gets to me is the fact that he’s capable of doing something like that when this country, which he so blatantly spit on, this country is what gave him the opportunity to rise to the stars and to be recognized and celebrated. What kind of a man is capable of doing that and giving that sort of thanks to the very community that supported him and admired him? Seriously, I still can’t get over the fact that he was that disrespectful.”

The sports host then argued that the now former 49ers quarterback managed to build a career in American football “despite the fact that he’s a member of a minority race,” and that he has “no right whatsoever” to claim that African Americans are being oppressed in any way. “Imagine the opposite situation,” Finebaum said. “What if we were in Africa right now, and what if we had a white player in whatever type of game they have over there. And if that white player did something this dishonorable and claimed that white people are being oppressed, he’d be lynched and buried within hours of such an incident. But of course, we’re not in Africa, and that’s why he’s still walking around and has the decency to call himself an American.”

“But, let me tell you what the real problem is here,” the commentator stated. “The problem lies in the fact that we, white people, were kind enough to allow black people to participate in all of our sports, thinking it would lead to greater cohesion and fewer incidents and racial tensions. And for a while, it worked. But, somewhere along the line, the brakes went down the drain and so now we have a situation where some sports are almost exclusively intended for black players. Take basketball, for example. The NBA could easily be called a black basketball league, and our national team is comprised of all-black players. Does nobody else have a problem with this?”

“They’re flat out acting like they own them, like they invented them as their gift to puny, feeble white people,” he added. “And on top of all that, now there’s a black person who disrespected his country, his people and his anthem because of a blatant lie and that’s just mind boggling. So, to summarize: black people in America are not oppressed, they’re systematically pushing out white players our of all our sports, they’re acting like they were meant to play sports and nothing else, and to top it all off – they get away with spitting in the face of America, publicly, I might add, whereas if any other white player had done the same thing, he would have been annihilated right away.”

“You want to talk discrimination and oppression? Sure. But, let’s talk about how white people are being treated unfairly and unequally, for a change. That’s the topic we should be addressing, especially when it comes to sports,” Finebaum concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79861,"CHICAGO — What started as little white lie took on a life of its own after a local sperm bank adopted predatory lending practices involving donations from black men.

The Midwest Sperm Bank used teaser rates and cash incentives to extract donations from these men, which the bank would then sell to women without properly disclosing the source of the troubled assets.

Jennifer Cramblett, who is white, is suing the company for “economic and non-economic losses” related to having received sperm from a black man, rather than the white man she specified. She cites the emotional pain and suffering caused by bringing up a mixed-race child in an all-white community with “stereotypical attitudes.”

Cramblett’s lawsuit has opened the floodgates for other plaintiffs looking for financial redress in light of the bank’s deceptive practices. The court filings have caused something of a run on the bank, according to analysts.

“We’re facing the worst liquidity crisis since the Great Depression,” said Luke Burbank, an economist at the University of Chicago. The potential blowback is huge. Burbank notes that, during the Depression, birth rates in the U.S. dipped below the replacement rate for the first time.

“Without adequate trust in our sperm banking system, we can kiss the next generation goodbye,” said Burbank.

Midwest Sperm Bank refused comment for this article, much as it hung up on Cramblett after realizing the sperm mix-up. The bank is hoping for a government bailout to cover the refunded purchase price for Cramblett’s sperm and any additional legal costs or settlements that may arise.

“TARP can only absorb so much of this mess,” said Burbank, referring to the Troubled Asset Relief Program designed to stabilize the financial sector.

“So don’t hold your breath,” he added, suggesting that, instead, consumers practice patterned paced breathing and see that more people like Elizabeth Warren are elected to office.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82127,"The U.S. Army major arrested in connection with a November 2009 mass shooting at Fort Hood, Texas has made more than $$278,000 while some victims have literally gone hungry at times, KXAS-TV reported on Monday. In a response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the station, the Defense Department…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80480,"NEW ORLEANS — The Baltimore Ravens beat out the San Francisco 49ers 34-31 on Sunday to take home their first Super Bowl title in thirteen years. Incredibly, the game also marked the 47th consecutive time the team that had spent the most time in prayer took home the Lombardi Trophy.

“The 49ers were great competitors, but we know that preparation, talent, and sheer dumb luck had nothing to do with our victory,” said Ravens quarterback and Super Bowl MVP Joe Flacco. “We simply had longer, more intense telepathic conversation with the omniscient, all-knowing presence we call God. And for that, we were rewarded with a Super Bowl victory.”

“I thank the Lord for taking his focus off of the disease and poverty-stricken parts of the world and dedicating it entirely to football on Sunday,” said Ravens linebacker and NFL legend Ray Lewis. “All glory to God.”

While members of the 49ers were clearly disappointed by Sunday’s result, most players openly acknowledged their lack of ritualistic communication with the invisible being that controls the outcome of all things, including sporting events, led to the loss.

“We fought our hardest,” said 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick. “But as I watched my last throw sail over the head of Michael Crabtree, it became clear that my teammates and I hadn’t developed close enough personal relationships with Jesus Christ to win the game. We’ll try harder next year.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80062,"Radical anti-LGBTQ pastor and radio host Kevin Swanson declared during one of his “Generations” radio programs recently that parents must remove their children from public education before the system turns them into transgender communists. “The state has an agenda with your children,” he warned. “I realize that this may sound a little bit hyperbolic, it may sound [like] a bit of an exaggeration – I don’t think it is, because I think if you begin to see the trajectory of where things have gone and you just draw it out for the next five, six, eight years, you’re going to find this is the agenda.”

He continued, “And how are they doing this? Well, like I said, there’s an entire system in place, sort of like this huge conspiracy, that’s designed to slowly make them want to become transgender. You know how wars used to be fought and countries occupied in ancient times? You’d have a warlord or chieftain or emperor and he would gather up thousands of troops and invade a foreign country. The result would be a complete bloodbath, with lives lost on both sides. If the emperor was a skilled warrior, he’d succeed in his intentions and would conquer the lands he invaded. However, as we evolved as a species, we realized there are better ways of achieving our goals that didn’t involve bloodbaths.”

The conservative pastor then argued that children are “being programmed” into wanting to do bad things by their teachers and by the system. “What followed was, someone had the bright idea that you shouldn’t force kids into doing anything, because they’re hormonal, they’re in puberty, which is when they’re at their most rebellious stage. Instead, just like when you have a frog and you throw it into boiling water, it jumps right out. But, if you put the frog in cold water and slowly heat up the water to a boil with the frog in it, the frog won’t jump out and it will stay inside and will get boiled to death,” Swanson opined. “That’s exactly what they’re doing to our children in schools today, that’s how the system was rigged to work and the parents are being told lies about how public schools are safe.”

“For example, did you know that they’re actually using teachers nowadays to corrupt kids?” the pastor also said. “I’m not kidding – they are actually making sure to appoint and hire only ugly people as teachers, because they know that if the students don’t become attracted to their teachers in a way that’s normal and healthy for teenagers, they’re most vulnerable. That’s when they’re most likely to turn to same sex relations and start favoring their friends and classmates as potential sexual partners. And that’s being done on purpose. As a result, children are becoming confused about their sexuality and end up as transgenders, which is to say, in-between a specific sex. They are systematically being programmed to turn to same-sex relationships, which is the ultimate goal of the entire public school education system. They are striking at our very core and at our very future in order to eradicate traditional, God-fearing Americans.”

“Of course, they only switched over to school teachers once they realized boy bands like N’Sync and The Backstreet Boys weren’t enough to cause the demise of real, macho music like rock and roll. Because, only real men listen to rock and roll. And Frank Sinatra, but that’s beside the point. They also tried it one more time with Justin Bieber, but since he was an utter failure, they had to switch over to school teachers. On the down side, they’re getting better at targeting our week spots and finding new ways to corrupt our kids. On the up side – rock and roll still lives and it’s absolutely gay-free. Well, with the exception of Rob Halford,” Swanson concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79816,"“Indiana Governor Mike Pence’s decision to sign into law a measure that could allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers in the name of “religious freedom” has left the NCAA fretting ahead of next week’s men’s basketball Final Four in Indianapolis. “We are especially concerned about how this legislation could affect our student-athletes and employees,” NCAA President Mark Emmert said in a statement Thursday afternoon.

“He said the NCAA will “work diligently” to ensure competitors and visitors at next week’s Final Four are not “negatively impacted by this bill.” Emmert also said the organization, which is based in Indianapolis, will “closely examine the implications of this bill and how it might affect future events as well as our workforce.”

“Indiana is the first state this year to enact a measure that’s being pushed in a dozen others, and Emmert’s comments were just the latest in a series of stinging criticisms issued after Pence signed the bill in a private ceremony with Republican state legislators and socially conservative lobbyists Thursday morning. Already, the gamer convention Gen Con and the Disciples of Christ church group had threatened to pull their conventions out of Indianapolis. Tech giant Salesforce said it would halt its plans to expand in the state, too.

“The NCAA had hinted for days that the bill – which has the effect of allowing businesses to challenge local laws that forbid discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation in court – could damage the city’s reputation as a host of major sporting events.

“Jason Collins, who last year became the first openly gay active NBA player, asked Pence in a tweet whether it is “going to be legal for someone to discriminate against me & others when we come” to the Final Four.

Pence spoke exclusively to Newslo and said that he was “sorry that many Americans out there were under the impression that the term ‘equality’ works in only one direction.”

“An interesting detail has come to my attention – people seem to think that equality is a particularly convenient word to use whenever there are LGBT rights being violated, or there is racism somewhere, or even when politics come forth in a conversation. However, they need to understand that there’s another side to that medal – the side that allows God-fearing Christians to be able to stand up for what they believe in, and especially when their beliefs have to do with upholding traditional values,” Pence said.

“For example, I’m an Evangelist myself, and I agree with the legislation – people should have the right to protect their beliefs regardless of what they are, and that’s what makes this country truly great,” he added. “Getting protection against the epidemic of homosexuality is everybody’s right, as well as their personal choice.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81929,"NEW YORK — After joining Twitter last week, Berkshire Hathaway President & CEO Warren Buffet roiled stock markets today with a tweet centering on his preference of mid-afternoon snack.

The bombshell, sent from the handle @WarrenBuffet at 2:17PM CST, simply read “hate apple.” Within minutes, Apple, Inc.’s stock plunged from $$464 to $$37 a share, sending shockwaves throughout the financial sector. By 2:31 PM, another tweet saying “meant appleS. LOLZ! My bad @insideapple #NeedAPM EnergyBoost” sent the stock back near its September 2012 high of $$700 a share.

This is not the first incidence of market turmoil caused by the influential billionaire since he joined the hugely popular social media network. A Friday morning tweet from his account reading only “xomnewf[cew” sent some stocks soaring, others plunging, and analysts far and wide combing through the eleven character missive looking for clues as to its meaning. “No one knows what to make of this,” said Linus Newhouse, a veteran New York Stock Exchange trader. Exxon Mobil, which trades under the symbol ‘XOM,” has been particularly affected—rising from $$91 a share to over $$150 one minute, plunging down to $$15 the next. “Does this mean Buffet has something ‘new’ on them? Or they’re his new favorite? Does that open bracket mean ‘frowney face’? Does ‘cew’ mean something in internet slang? God, I wish my twelve-year-old daughter was here right now,” said a panicked Newhouse.

He went on to add: “I haven’t seen anything like this since back in ’08 when [CNBC’s Mad Money host Jim] Cramer went on air wearing nothing but a cable-knit sweater and honking a clown horn while yelling: “Whether you buy or sell—we are all doomed! DOOMED!”

The volatility subsided after Buffet tweeted, “ZOMG! Sat on keyboard. #GeezerOnTwitter #SorryFOrCOnfusion.” It is the biggest twitter-related market shakeup since April 23rd of this year, when the AP Twitter account was hacked and reported explosions at the White House—sending Dow Jones stocks momentarily plunging 1,000 points.

As of press time, Buffet is said to be in his office about to tweet “<3 Groupon #buy #CantBeOvervalued” just so he can “see what happens.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81523,"DETROIT — Faced with a negative reputation and bleak economic outlook, the city of Detroit is hoping to attract workers and tourists by rebranding itself as St. Louis.

Mayor Dave Bing met with city image consultants last week, who saw Detroit’s plummeting economy and population – from 1.8 million just a decade ago to a mere 700,000 today – as an insurmountable challenge. Once the heart of America’s automobile industry, the city is in a state of financial emergency, its economy now entirely dependent on Quicken Loans Inc. Mayor Bing was reportedly told that the only way to improve Detroit’s reputation was to abandon it and try to share St. Louis’s.

When people visit Detroit, we don’t want them to think ‘Hey, the homicide rate here is at its highest in two decades and 16% of murder victims are visitors,'” said image consultant Jann Seymour. “That’s old Detroit. In the new Detroit, you can look forward to touring the Gateway Arch, and stopping by the Budweiser brewery to see the famous Clydesdales – all activities which make it statistically less likely you’ll be murdered.”

In other efforts to associate itself with St. Louis, Detroit has revised all signs and billboards in the metropolitan area to vaguely suggest that it may actually be St. Louis. They have also posted signs on highways that appear to direct drivers to St. Louis, but instead lead them to Detroit. Even the few remaining police officers carry badges which read, “St. Louis Police Department,” and citizens have been urged to hang Missourri State flags out their shattered suburban windows.

Seth Farrell and Carrie Rosenberg, a young couple that arrived in Detroit during its makeover campaign, have found the strategy to be both “disingenuous and confusing.”

“We stopped by an abandoned gas station and asked this old, toothless man if we could use his phone,” said Farrell. “He told us that the only phone was in the Quicken building downtown. I guess they’re really feeling the impacts of the recession here in St. Louis.”

“Wait, where’s my girlfriend?” added Farrell. “Carrie?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82256,"Donald Trump has named an anti-abortion hardliner as one of his top domestic policy advisors. The Republican presidential candidate announced a new “pro-life coalition” that will be spearheaded by Marjorie Dannenfelser, the president of the Susan B. Anthony List. She opposes exceptions in anti-abortion measures carved out for rape and incest survivors, saying those concessions are “abominable” and “intellectually dishonest.”

“I think the main reason why there’s such a huge argument surrounding the issue today has to do with the simple matter of perspective,” Dannenfelser told Fox News. “A lot of people, and when I say people, I mean women, are taking their child-bearing abilities for granted. You have girls and women who are unable to have kids for whatever reason, be it a medical one or something else, and they would literally kill to be able to become mothers.”

“On the other hand,” she continued, “millions of women who get pregnant by accident or as a consequence of rape just want to get rid of their baby, no questions asked. Well, it doesn’t work that way, or at least it shouldn’t. All women should have respect for the blessing of the Creator that comes to them in the form of a baby. And that also goes for when He chooses to deliver his blessing through a rapist.”

Trump’s new top domestic policy advisor went on to claim that the second women start rejecting such blessings, “it’s like they’ve spat in God’s face.” “I mean, think about how many women out there would give everything to be where you are. And if that’s not enough to persuade you to want to carry your child to term and then give it up for adoption in order to make a suffering couple happy, then do it for God. He is forgiving, we all know that, but I think we sometimes overestimate how much,” she added.

She also said, “And I’ll tell you another thing we all know about God. He works in mysterious ways. And even if sometimes he acts in a way we don’t initially understand or necessarily approve, in the end it turns out he was right to do so. And if you get raped and you find out you’re pregnant afterwards, there’s no reason to be angry with God or that baby. You should accept it as your own because that’s what it is – a gift and a blessing from above.”

“And let me remind you of another thing – He doesn’t make mistakes. Remember Noah’s Ark and the Flood? It was to cleanse the earth and give humans a fresh start. Remember how Donald Trump became the Republican presidential candidate earlier this year? It was probably one of the strangest things many of your have seen, but it was also in order to give America a fresh start. And if you’re raped – it was probably to give you a fresh start with a new baby. So, God knows what he’s doing, don’t doubt him. As for his methods, they’ll always be up for debate,” Dannenfelser concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80511,"COLUMBUS, Ohio—America’s sense of justice was heartbroken to find out convicted rapist and murderer Ariel Castro was found dead in his jail cell from an apparent suicide. Castro was sentenced to life plus 1,000 years for kidnapping and raping Amanda Berry, Michelle Knight and Gina DeJesus, who were held captive in Castro’s Cleveland home for more than a decade.

“Just last month I told him his hell was only beginning,” said Michelle Knight, the only one of Castro’s victims to testify on her own behalf. “Now just like that his hell is over. Unless hell is actually real and he went straight there, I feel cheated.”

“I think I can speak for the rest of America when I say that I’m devastated,” declared Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy J. McGinty. “Where’s the sense of justice? My children—maybe even my children’s children—could have enjoyed his jail sentence for a long time, but he just checked out like a sissy.”

“First Zimmerman got away, and now this,” sighed Jon Poe, formerly a neighbor of Castro’s. “It sets a bad example—like, ‘Oh, I’m gonna do whatever I want and then just kill myself.’ What a rip-off. He deserved to rot,” ranted Poe.

Prison medical staff tried to revive Castro, but he was soon pronounced dead at the Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center. “Believe me, we worked our asses trying to save that son of a bitch,” said EMT Trent Bien. “It’s too bad. I really thought he might be able to serve the full 1,000 years, what with technology and all.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81820,"MOSCOW — Russian president Vladimir Putin today said that Bradley Manning—the former US Army private recently convicted of leaking vast amounts of confidential government information to the organization Wikileaks—should be executed for his crimes. Putin said that what Manning did was “unforgivable” and “disgusting,” but clarified that he “[wasn’t] talking about the document leaks,” adding that the “real horror is [Manning’s] perverse plans to become a lady.”

“What is this freak Manning up to?” Putin, a former KGB officer who has led Russia as President and Prime Minister since 1999, said during a Kremlin press conference. “He says he wants to be a woman–but I ask: Does he not have a penis? How can he be a woman then?”

Manning–who says he has identified as female since childhood–announced Thursday that he plans to live the rest of his life as a woman, and has adopted the name Chelsea. Manning reportedly plans to undergo hormone therapy to help his transition, although officials say that such treatments will not be available to Manning while he serves his sentence, which will last at least nine years.

Putin said that, in light of Manning’s revelation, a prison sentence is far too lenient. “The only thing to do with a pervert like Bradley… I mean Chelsea–whatever–is to put it out of its misery,” Putin said. “Execution is the only choice.”

Some observers are calling Putin’s statements hypocritical, however, since he approved granting asylum to Edward Snowden, a former NSA employee currently wanted for crimes similar to Manning’s. But Russia’s history of discrimination against homosexual and transgender people—including a recently-passed law that prohibits “homosexual propagandizing”—makes his remarks unsurprising.

“It’s just two different situations,” Putin said in his own defense. “We granted Edward Snowden asylum because he’s a courageous MAN. How can I do the same for Manning? Mother Russia only has two types of restrooms, Men and Women. Where would he go BM?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81382,"WASHINGTON—A bipartisan deal was struck at the eleventh hour on Tuesday, heading off a showdown over the use of bedtime filibusters in the Santori household. Historically, the upstairs bedchamber of young Mitch Santori, six, has been regarded as a sanctum of quiet, acting as a cooling saucer of milk to facilitate the important business of slumber. Recently, however, the minor’s recurring tantrums, once reserved for extraordinary circumstances like not getting sugared cereal for breakfast, has all but ground to a halt the customary bedtime rituals. Regularly failing to gather a supermajority to end debate and progress to a final goodnight kiss, Mr. and Mrs. Santori have grown increasingly frustrated, threatening to trigger the so-called “nuclear option” that effectively would allow the first-time parents to confirm the nomination of their chosen bedtime story with a simple majority vote.

Fearing that the parliamentary maneuver would forever harm familial decorum and the rights of the minority party enshrined by his forefathers, Mitch put down his pajama-clad foot. Calling it a “sad day for the Santori household,” Mitch suggested that if the rule change came to pass, “our friends, Mommy and Daddy, are going to be remembered as the worst leaders here ever…times infinity.” The ensuing exchanges, peppered with insincere gestures of cordiality, such as the references to their respective “good friends from across the hall,” alongside whispered charges of “poopy-headedness,” barely hewed to the longstanding house rule that “no family member in debate shall, directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another relative any conduct or motive unworthy or becoming a relative lest they be censured with a timeout.”

Staring over the precipice from the top bunk, an unlikely gang of stuffed animals led by a raggedy hawk nicknamed McNasty, worked under-the-covers through bath time to avert the looming crisis. In the end, the heads of household agreed to withdraw two chore-related requests in exchange for allowing at least seven bedtimes to pass without undue disruption. According to neighbors who overheard the debate, Mr. and Mrs. Santori were quoted as saying, “This is the last time we let Mitch watch C-SPAN before bed!” At press time, McNasty confirmed that the harried parents were reading to Mitch from Adam Mansbach’s best-selling children’s book, “Go the F*#k to sleep.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80407,"In a recent interview with TheTimesWeekly.com, conservative author Ann Coulter complained about constant “liberal propaganda”: “We’re bombarded with liberal propaganda 24/7, from the early morning shows, Hollywood movies, documentaries and sitcoms, all major newspapers, fashion magazines, the sports pages, public schools, college professors and administrators, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. Unless liberals specifically seek out Ann Coulter books or columns, which I highly recommend, or tune into Fox News or conservative talk radio, they have no idea what conservatives are thinking.”

She also managed to graze the topic of a young Syrian boy who was rescued from a partially destroyed building after a devastating air strike in the city of Aleppo on August 17, and whose picture went viral throughout social media. According to the conservative author, the picture of the small boy was also part of liberal propaganda. “I have to tell you,” she argued, “I knew the liberals were good, but I didn’t think they were this good. I actually thought they would let this one slide; after all, it’s terrible what has happened to that child.”

“But, oh no, the liberals won’t be fooled,” Coulter continued. “They once again threw their compassion and common sense down the drain, if they had any left at all, and used the viral picture to their advantage. And what are we hearing right now? How the poor Syrians are suffering tremendously over there and how, just like that young boy, they need to be brought somewhere to safety. And take a wild guess what place they’re talking about? I’ll give you a hint – it’s certainly not China or Russia, no. It’s our good, old United States of America. I gotta give it to them – even I didn’t see this coming.”

Asked to elaborate on her theory further, the avid Donald Trump fan said that using the viral snapshot was much like “loading a 50-caliber bullet into the chamber of what is arguably a high-power liberal propaganda sniper rifle.” “What’s going to happen now is we’re going to start seeing that picture all over the news, all day long, and it’s going to become the talk of the town. Everybody is going to be shown just how bad the situation in Syria is, and that’s when the liberals are going to go in for the kill – we’re going to start hearing how we need to help those people get to safety, i.e. here. Because, hey, ‘it’s the American way,”’ she argued.

“In reality, we’d better get all of our troops out of that part of the world, nuke them all the way to oblivion and then get back to the real issue, which is keeping this country alive for another century or two by electing Donald Trump as the president,” Coulter said. “Because, we’re already seeing what the alternative is. All-day-long liberal propaganda about how the poor Muslims are suffering, how they need help, how Americans are expected to provide that help and how we need more Syrian refugees and illegal immigrants in this country. And that’s exactly what’s going to happen if anybody other than Trump becomes president – we’ll stop being Americans and start being everybody else. I mean, why go back? The point is to move forward and electing Trump is how we do it,” she concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81524,"WASHINGTON — Remarkable history was made today as Senator Dianne Feinstein (D – CA) made a proposition that will allow her to propose the idea of proposing a new Assault Weapons Ban bill. The bill would attempt to take dangerous assault weapons off the market, and exempt only around 900 guns, or 99 percent of the existing variety.

“When I think about all the horrendous massacres that could have been avoided,” says Sen. Feinstein, “I think that now is the time to talk about talking about it. Once these six guns are banned, our children and country will finally be safe.”

The yet-to-be-written bill is unlikely to pass in its intended form primarily because of tremendous resistance from the NRA, better known by many Americans as the “Not Responsible Association.”

“This is a ridiculous pre-proposed proposition,” says NRA Chief, Wayne LaPierre. “We need bigger guns. Everywhere. I’d like to see a mandatory Bring Your Gun to School Day.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80158,"“The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has, for the first time, approved a drug that uses 3D printing technology, paving the way for potential customization of drugs to suit patients’ needs. The drug, made by privately held Aprecia Pharmaceuticals Co, was approved for oral use as a prescription adjunctive therapy in the treatment of epilepsy, the company said on Monday.

“Spritam uses Aprecia’s “ZipDose” technology, a delivery system that creates premeasured doses which disintegrate in the mouth with a sip of liquid. 3D printing could help companies make products “to the specifications of an individual patient rather than (take a) one-size-fits-all kind of approach,” Wedbush Securities analyst Tao Levy said. 3D printers help make products by layering material until a three-dimensional object is created.

However, as expected, the increasingly wide use of 3D printing technology is bound to have certain controversies attached to it. For instance, recently a guide for printing marijuana with a 3D printer was leaked on the Internet, causing the World Wide Web to crash for a couple of minutes due to billions of attempted downloads worldwide.

The so-called “Guide to DIY 3D-Printed Pot” was leaked on an Internet forum dedicated to efforts to legalize cannabis in the United States, named “It’s Here, It’s a Drug, You Can’t Sweep It Under the Rug! Legalize Cannabis In The U.S.!” One of the administrators of the forum, who requested anonymity but allowed his chat name “SmokinBoy81” to be published, said that “it was only a matter of time when something like this would happen.”

“It was the same with the 3D-printed gun incident some time ago,” the administrator warned. “If you give people the tools and technology, but forbid something they enjoy in, sooner or later they are going to put 2 and 2 together and you’re going to regret you tried to play judge, jury and executioner with them. This is a typical example of technology trumping legislation, and considering that I’m pro-legalization, I’m happy someone finally figured out a way.”

The administrator also provided additional information about the forum user who uploaded the guide. “I can’t tell you much about him, other than that he’s a male, and that his forum chat name is ‘UpYoursATF77.’ Although I’m sure it won’t take the authorities, and especially the ATF, long to get to him, I’m glad he had the cojones to do this,” the administrator said with a slight smile on his face. “Somehow I know that America is a new Amsterdam. All that’s left are legalized hookers.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82352,"In his first interview since Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton gave her acceptance speech on Thursday night, Republican nominee Donald Trump took exception to remarks made by Khizr Khan, the father of a fallen Muslim captain in the U.S. Army. On ABC News, Trump told host George Stephanopoulos that Khan was wrong to say that he has “sacrificed nothing” for his country, then went on to insinuate the Khan’s wife is forbidden to speak because of the family’s Muslim faith. “I saw him, I saw him,” Trump said Saturday. “He was, you know, very emotional.”

“But despite all that, being emotional doesn’t necessarily make you right,” the controversial billionaire added. “Because, when passions are high, a lot of things are said that aren’t necessarily true and the people you target by saying them might forgive you or they might hold a grudge, on the other hand. Now, fortunately for Mr. Khan, I’m civilized enough to belong in the former category. I understand he’s upset and I understand he’s worried. Still, that’s no reason to insult people who are fighting to make this country great again, that’s no easy task,” Trump also said.

The media mogul then argued that making America great again, which has been his much disputed campaign slogan, is done “very differently” than what the Khan family obviously attempted to do. “You know, I hear the words ‘the American dream’ quite often, especially with immigrants. And the thing about it is – it’s really not what many people think it is. A lot of words and explanations get thrown around and the meaning becomes confusing. Now, I get the Khans. They emigrated here and their son was in the Army. Nothing wrong with that. But I can tell you, that’s not how you realize your American dream,” Trump told Stephanopoulos.

Asked to elaborate, the real estate magnate said that “this country was based on the promise of the New World.” “And you know, the New World was nothing else than riches and treasures that were transported here from the Old World, which was Europe,” Trump argued. “And I know this all sounds probably a lot like a history lesson, but apparently it’s necessary. Anyway, in order to make this country great again, one needs to follow the true meaning of the American dream and get rich or die trying. And simply put, you don’t do that by going off into the very desert from which your parents came and getting killed there by your fellow countrymen. With all due respect to the late Capt. Khan, that’s just stupid.”

“And I’m terribly sorry no one was around to let them know how to do that, because that was our job,” he added. “So, part of the blame lies on us. And I can understand how sending their son off into the Army was meant to get them points for playing the patriotism card, but fortunately, Americans aren’t stupid, they saw right through it. And now they’re left without a son and without the dream they’ve worked so hard to achieve. I have also made sacrifices, but I managed to get my dream to become a reality. So, who do you think was right – them or me, George? I never served in the Army and I’m a billionaire. They lost a son in the country they came from and they’re broke. I’m just saying,” Trump concluded in his usual, offensive style.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79925,"Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) introduced a bill calling for the use of $$14 billion seized from cartel drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman to be used to pay for the President’s border wall between the U.S. and Mexico. “Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe and hinder the illegal flow of drugs, weapons, and individuals across our southern border,” Senator Cruz stated, according to a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas from the senator’s office. “Ensuring the safety and security of Texans is one of my top priorities.”

“Alternatively,” Cruz suggested while commenting on the issue in a recent interview with portal KnowMyRepublican.com, “we could always try to play nice with the big, bad cartel lord and ask him to donate the money to the construction politely. And before I get buried with protests, appeals and insults of angry Americans who believe the only way to deal with drug lords is to hang them by the neck on a public square somewhere, let me just say one thing: politics is a game in which you always strive to ensure the best possible outcome for your country by any means necessary. And if one of those means happens to be the opposite of prosecution and also has the potential of bringing a very good outcome to Texas, we shouldn’t be too quick to judge.”

He added, “Ultimately, it’s known that drug lords and cartels in general tend to respond well to kindness and respect, which is why I would be willing to take it upon me personally to have a sit down with El Chapo and try to convince him, mano a mano, that it would be wise for him to donate the money instead of us passing a bill that could very easily make him a mortal enemy to any Texan. As for the rhetoric I would use to get him to sway should such an event take place, I would argue that building the wall – and I can’t believe I’m actually going to say this – is a good idea after all. This because it is in El Chapo’s best interest to keep the majority of Mexicans in Mexico as opposed to all of them moving to the U.S. illegally.”

“Think about it: if every single Mexican that has some sort of skill, and especially those that have the know-how when it comes to growing, processing and overall making different types of drugs, were to cross over to the United States, there would be no one left in Mexico to grow the darn thing. And since we don’t allow any drugs to be grown in our country for obvious reasons, building the wall would actually be good for business, for both him and the government. He’d be able to keep at least some parts of his drug empire, whereas we’d still be free of a mass Mexican infestation, while at the same time providing the average Joe with the guilty pleasure of snorting or shooting up some first-class, Mexican-made cocaine or heroine. I think those are the two main types we’re talking about, though I could be wrong since I’m certainly no expert. Anyway, if that’s not a win-win situation for everybody involved, I don’t know what is,” Cruz concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81322,"TACOMA, Wa. — Washington State is looking for pot experts to advise them on marijuana and thousands of unemployed pot smokers and college students who will be unemployed in the near future are applying.

This past fall, Washington became one of the first states (along with Colorado) to pass laws legalizing the recreational use of marijuana. Soon, anyone over the age of 21 will be able to walk into a store and buy up to an ounce of marijuana.

Before Washington journeys into this previously uncharted territory, the state wants to make sure they have the world’s smartest cannabis users to help make sure nothing goes wrong. Enter the 24-year-old unemployed hippie living in his parent’s basement.

“I’m super stoked to be considered for the advisor position,” said unemployed pot smoker Jessie Hall. “I have been having trouble finding a job with the economy and all. This position would be perfect for me because I don’t like working mornings or more than three days a week. I was late for the interview, but besides that, I think it went well.”

In charge of regulating and developing rules for the state’s marijuana industry will be The Liquor Control Board. According to Liquor Control Board spokesman Mikhail Carpenter, there have been thousands of applicants for the job. Although the applicants’ ages range anywhere from 15 to 67, The Liquor Control Board wants to make sure they hire someone who not only has marijuana smoking experience, but solid digital media skills.

“We have been able to sift through the resumes pretty quickly,” said Carpenter. “Most of them were very brief due to a lack of previous work experience. In fact, a number of applicants just sent us pictures of them smoking bowls and joints. One of the finalists for the position just sent us a picture of his apple bowl. Needless to say we were very impressed.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80011,"Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu lashed out at US President Barack Obama Friday, accusing him of actively working against Israel at the UN – seemingly abandoning all pretense of diplomatic cautiousness after a US abstention at the Security Council led to the passage of a resolution against settlements. “Israel categorically rejects the despicable anti-Israeli resolution at the UN, and will not adhere to it,” the Prime Minister’s Office said in a seething statement after the council voted in favor of the motion 14-0. “The Obama administration not only failed to defend Israel from this harassment at the UN, it cooperated with it behind the scenes.”

In an exclusive, brief interview with The Washington Post following the Security Council meeting Friday, Prime Minister Netanyahu blamed Barack Obama directly for “tripping Israel openly and blatantly” at the Council meeting, and “stabbing it’s only democratic ally in the Middle East shamelessly in the back.” “They had the opportunity to veto the decision and the vote; everything President Obama had to do was say, ‘I vote against,’ three simple words, and it would have had a completely different outcome. This way, they’ve lost what little influence they had in the region, and this was the last straw,” he said. “We kept believing Americans could change, that they could somehow start to see beyond their own, selfish interests for once in their life, and we were naive because of it. I guess it’s true that a wolf may change his mind, but never his fur.”

The Prime Minister continued, saying, “Although, in retrospect – I should have seen this coming. I should not have expected anything else from a half-white, half-Palestinian Obama.” Netanyahu seemingly let go of his diplomatic brakes, if he ever had any, and spoke very honestly and plainly. “Whenever I shook his hand, it was not a firm handshake. It was flimsy, and cold. His hands were always cold, I don’t know why. And also that fake smile, coupled with the fake look in his eyes and big, Dumbo ears – it was very difficult to take anything he ever said seriously. Those were all very clear signs that something like this would happen some day, I was just too blind to see them. It was not his fault; I am to blame, completely,” he revealed.

“Everything about him seemed so distant, yet so familiar at the same time,” Netanyahu continued. “And this impression was strongest the very first time we met. I distinctly remember thinking to myself, ‘Is this truly the first time I’m meeting this man? He looks, seems so familiar, as if we’ve met before somewhere.’ And now I’ve finally figured it out: the Palestinian-half of him was what came off as so familiar about him. Only Palestinians look so ugly, act so sneaky and try to read you the very first time they meet you in order to seek out weaknesses they could use against you later on. That’s the part of him that I recognized, and that’s the same part that intentionally allowed this shameful resolution to be passed. It all makes sense now.”

“As I said, I didn’t expect much from him regardless of the fact he is what he is, I was equally unimpressed with his white half as well. I knew he would screw something up for Israel sooner or later, I just wasn’t expecting him to do it so openly and shamelessly. But, it is what it is, everything can be fixed. On that note, we are very much looking forward to working closely with the new President Donald Trump’s administration to undo the damage done by the Palestinian spy you’ve had in the White House for the last 8 years,” Netanyahu concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80563,"NEW YORK — Chris Matthews’ explosive meltdown after the first Presidential debate in Denver was not only shocking, but also incredibly entertaining. Matthew’s hair was ruffled. His eyes were so wide and angry they looked as though they might burst out of his skull. Viewers could almost see his arteries exploding on his forehead. While the president’s performance was an utter drag, Matthews’ outburst was a riveting and somewhat frightening display. One can only imagine what kind of meltdown Chris Matthews would have if Romney won the election. Matthews could be the first person to ever spontaneously combust while on national television. And in a campaign season that has dragged on for what seems like centuries, a spontaneously combusting Chris Matthews might be the most entertaining thing MSNBC ever produces.

In fact, some Americans are so bored with politics that they’re considering voting for Romney just to see how insane Matthews can get. “Hardball” could easily become the most entertaining show on television if Obama were to lose the election. Can you imagine a manic Chris Matthews screaming at American audiences for hours everyday? It’d be a comedy goldmine.

During his epic rant Matthews kept calling for Obama to “watch MSNBC.” Who wouldn’t watch MSNBC if they could witness Matthews lose his mind like that again? Even Obama supporters are swinging towards Romney just to see another of Chris Matthews’ epic breakdowns. One Obama supporter said, “This election season doesn’t have the spirit of 2008, and Obama has come up short on many of his promises. I’m thinking of voting for Romney, not because I agree with his politics, but because seeing another one of Chris Matthews’s breakdowns would be more exciting than Obama’s reelection or any kind of intelligent conversation about policy.”

Another Obama supporter said, “Imagine if Matthews had his own reality TV show called ‘Meltdown with Chris Matthews,’ where all the guests would sit quietly and tremble as Matthews screamed his head off. That would be the best show on air!”

If Obama loses the election, there is no telling what Matthews could do. His producers and stage managers are preparing for the worst. President Obama better heed the calling and start watching and listening to his droning disciples on MSNBC. Truly, it is his only hope!",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81306,"NEW YORK – After the worst start to a season of his career, Mark Sanchez had arguably his best game, throwing for 0 yards, 0 TD’s, and most importantly 0 interceptions. A week after throwing four interceptions, Sanchez was declared starter for a game of musical chairs on the bench. It was a bold move from Rex Ryan, who has been a staunch supporter of the troubled QB throughout the worst season of his four-year career.

“I had a gut feeling,” says Ryan. “I knew this kid could play, I just needed to give him the right opportunity to shine. He finally did. Next stop. Superbowl. I’m calling it right now.”



In recent weeks, Mark has taken a lot of heat following multiple poor performances. His demeanor had become noticeably dejected as the season wore on, but on this Sunday Sanchez looked spright. His play was dramatically different, potentially because he didn’t play.



“We knew that he just needed to limit errors,” said Offensive Coordinator, Tony Sparano. “There’s no better way to do that then by not playing at all.”

Sanchez himself was lively in the locker room after the game, a stark difference from last week. “I studied the tape all week and used practice to sharpen my hot routes to the gatorade bucket. I’ve been taking extra snaps with the waterboy. I felt good and went out there and executed my game plan. Not only did I not throw a pic, I also ate 4 HT’s (hot dogs). That’s a new record for me.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80657,"NEW YORK — “Fox & Friends” hosts Steve Doocy and Elizabeth Hasselbeck criticized Penn State’s agreement to pay 26 victims of former assistant coach and convicted sex offender Jerry Sandusky $$59.7 million, calling the settlement “unearned handouts” and “money for nothing.”

“We’re seeing more and more of this victim mentality in America,” said Doocy on the settlement. “60 million dollars for 26 victims of sexual assault comes out to just under 2.3 million per victim. 2.3 million dollars just for being sexually abused? It’s excessive and embarrassing.”

Sandusky, who was convicted in 2012 of molesting dozens of young boys over a 15-year period, worked as an assistant coach for the Penn State football program for over 30 years. The school has been widely criticized for their mishandling of the facts surrounding Sandusky’s crimes.

“You don’t have to be a rocket scientist to follow the money on this one, Steve,” Hasselbeck agreed. “Obviously Sandusky’s victims decided to ride the gravy train, courtesy of the media. It’s unbelievable. No victim of sexual assault should receive more than half a million dollars at the absolute most.”

“Can you imagine if the Catholic Church was forced to pay out that amount of money to every kid that was abused under its watch? My God, it would have to declare bankruptcy,” Hasselbeck said. “I’m not one to start blaming victims, but I think it’s clear that these particular ones were part of the infamous 47 percent of American society that’s uninterested in working.”

“The real tragedy here is that now the Penn State football program—a vibrant economic power—is taking even more of a beating. A 73 million dollar fine from the NCAA and the Big Ten, as well as four-year postseason ban wasn’t a big enough penalty? What is our country’s obsession with punishing job creators?” said co-anchor Brian Kilmeade.

“I know some viewers will get mad at me bringing the president into this—and sure, on this particular case it doesn’t appear he was involved—but this entitlement culture, this feeling of being owed something, this obsession with lawsuits and payouts? We can thank the left and their allies for that,” Hasselbeck asserted.

“I’m not saying what happened to the victims here wasn’t terrible, but enough money to stop working for a few years? This simply isn’t right,” Doocy concluded. “Best-case scenario now, these people are going to be looking for some type of government handout for the rest of their lives.”

SEE MORE: 10 Scary Movies Newslo Recommends for Those Not Invited to Any Halloween Parties",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81876,"NORFOLK, Va. — The Pentagon announced today that it was preparing for looming sequestration-forced budget cuts by installing a series of large sails on each of the Navy’s 10 active aircraft carriers.

US Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta explained that while the move is estimated to save over $$800 million annually in fuel costs, it was not solely a financial decision. “The United States military has been trying to go green for many years,” said Panetta. “This move allows us to reduce our carbon footprint in a way that switching out a few light bulbs could never hope to match.”

The first carrier to be retrofitted with the canvas sails will be the Nimitz-class supercarrier, USS George H. W. Bush, which arrived at the naval station in Norfolk last week and has had three of the expected 17 large, wooden masts installed on deck. “I gotta admit, I wasn’t sure about the idea at first,” said commanding officer Captain Brian E. Luther. “We displace over 100,00 tons at speeds of over 30 knots – not exactly something a couple of sheets can produce on a calm day. But they told me it was either this or we make a go at rowing. So I’m game.”

Admiral Jonathan Greenert, Chief of Naval Operations, assured the public that switching the carrier fleet to wind power would not in any way diminish America’s ability to wage war. “Yes, our carriers will lose some speed in their new configuration,” he said. “But come on, these babies don’t exactly get tangled up in a lot of high-speed open water chases. It isn’t like Blackbeard’s going to hunt us down or anything.”

“If he did, we’d blow his ass to Kingdom Come,” he added.

Rank-and-file sailors aboard the USS George H. W. Bush have mixed feelings about the new propulsion system. “I’m not exactly sure how we’re supposed to launch an F/A-18 Hornet through all that sail,” said Petty Officer Second Class Leonard Adams Jr. “On the other hand, we’re gonna give the mullahs a heart attack when we sail into the Gulf of Oman sporting a massive skull and crossbones.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81639,Fox Business personalities had a collective freak out on Wednesday night after learning that mothers were now the primary source of income in 40 percent of U.S. households. Fox Business host Lou Dobbs asserted women earning more than their husbands was an indication of the dissolution of American society…,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79932,"WASHINGTON – Conservative pundit Pat Buchanan believes the United States needs a third party for the future. His choice for leader?

Russian President Vladimir Putin.

In his December 17th syndicated column, Buchanan called Putin the “ideal Commander in Chief” to undo the damage wrought by “the militant secularism of a multicultural and transnational elite” led by President Barack Obama.

“In the culture war for mankind’s future,” Buchanan wrote of Putin, “is he one of us?”

“Not only is Putin one of us,” Buchanan claimed, “but he could also be the one to lead America out of its decrepit state of immorality.”

“President Reagan once called the old Soviet Empire ‘the focus of evil in the modern world,’” Buchanan wrote. “President Putin is implying that Barack Obama’s America may deserve the title in the 21st century.”

Buchanan went on to praise Putin as a fellow “paleoconservative” who could protect America from “the new immorality which has been imposed undemocratically.”

“Putin wouldn’t kowtow to a moderate political base like the contemporary GOP,” argued Buchanan, who added that Putin has all the prerequisites of an all-star Republican presidential candidate.

“He favors a balanced budget and believes in low taxes. He’s an anti-terrorist hero. Most importantly, he supports organized religion and opposes all forms of gayness.”

Earlier this year, Buchanan wrote another column that praised Putin for restoring his nation’s “moral compass” after the Russian leader signed laws banning so-called “gay propaganda.”

Of course, as Buchanan admitted, the laws of both Russia and the United States rule out even the most miniscule chance of a future U.S. President Putin, but Buchanan wrote that “the dream of a truly political, moral and cultural conservative leader is something for which America should strive.”

“Besides,” he concluded, “if a Kenyan can become President of the United States, then why not a Russian?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81331,"A so-called “historian,” who conservative radio host Glenn Beck has hired to teach at his online university, recently announced that global warming had not occurred for the last 16 years. During a discussion with Jenni White of Restore Oklahoma…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81583,"WASHINGTON — Representatives from Tea Party Patriots, Tea Party Express, and The Nationwide Tea Party Coalition have gathered in the heart of the Texas Panhandle to prepare for the festivities surrounding the inauguration of Republican Mitt Romney as President of the United States on Monday, January 21, despite numerous reports that Romney was not, in fact, elected.

“It’s like a dream come true,” said Tea Party Express Leader Amy Kremer. “We worked hard to kick that Kenyan Muslim Socialist Commie out of office and get a true patriot into the White House. On Monday, we celebrate our hard-earned victory.”

Planning for what organizers are calling The Real American Inauguration have been underway almost from the moment Romney was defeated by President Obama on election day, and organizers promise an unforgettable event.

“Folks are going to flip out when they see who we’ve got coming,” said Tea Party Nation CEO Judson Phillips. “For starters, Jon Voight and Kelsey Grammar are opening the show with a dramatic reading of all the good parts of the Constitution. Then we’ll have speeches from Allan West, one of the Palin kids, and Rand or Ron Paul, I forget which. After that, Keynote Speaker Glenn Beck will give the Oath of Office to President Romney, and we’ll close the show with Ted Nugent singing Cat Scratch Fever. It’s gonna be hot!”

With the amount of energy, passion, and enthusiasm on display as organizers installed port-a-potties throughout the city, it was easy to forget that President Obama won the election. When asked about this discrepancy, Tea Party Patriots Co-founder Jenny Beth Martin stuck her fingers in her ear and said, “la la la la la.”

Asked if he was planning on attending his Inauguration, Romney responded, “associate with Commoners? You’re joking, right?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
40774,"“You get them high in the morning, and they’ll most likely just hang out and play video games until lunch, at which point they’ll go back to McDonald’s because they’ll be too lazy to put on pants and we have a drive-thru.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79933,"A group of white students walked out of a college classroom Tuesday after an anthropology professor said all humans were descended from Africa. As they left, other students in the class began chanting, “Black lives matter,” in recognition of the social justice movement protesting racial injustice across the United States. Other students who stayed in the classroom told the professor they were offended and began arguing with their classmates, according to media reports.

Such an incident has once again sparked disagreement and vigorous debates in the traditionally red state, and the news did not go unnoticed by the governor Greg Abbott. “I’ve looked into this issue thoroughly and I can say that it represents a common problem we’ve had before, throughout the state of Texas,” Abbott told El Paso Daily in an exclusive interview Saturday. “It is shameful that we today have college professors that have the audacity to argue that all humans come from Africa when we were clearly designed by God in his image and put on this earth from the heavens above.”

Abbott argued that college professors knew their anthropology “the right way” during his years in college. “Back when I was at University of Texas at Austin, our professors knew their stuff to the letter,” the governor revealed. “Knowing where we think we come from is nice, to say the least; it’s good to explore every nook and cranny of every theoretical standpoint that people have the misfortune of imagining, but at the end of the day, even they knew that the only reason why there are human beings on this earth today is Our Lord, Jesus Christ. And they didn’t try to keep that a secret, I’ll tell y’all that much, too.”

“And that’s why I was so surprised to learn about this so-called professor who’s trying to teach our kids that we all come from the same place as black people,” he continued. “I don’t know who he thinks he is, but I can promise you one thing: that sorry excuse for a college professor is going to jail very soon. Because those who dare to mislead our children on purpose deserve the harshest of punishments. And that goes for all other professors, teachers, mentors, and guidance councilors who feel an urge to lie to our children about where we as a species come from,” Abbott said.

“In addition to being sacrilege, it’s also incredibly offensive for white people,” he opined. “Because, I don’t know about other states – well, I can pretty much guess how California fells about it – but when it comes to citizens of Texas, I can guarantee they all feel the same way I do. I didn’t come from Africa, my ancestors didn’t emerge there. I am a white, conservative American and I was put in the great state of Texas to celebrate the Lord and serve his flock. And as far as anthropology professors go – we don’t need them in Texas, like, at all. At least not the ones who are Democrats at the same time,” the governor concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81614,"AMSTERDAM — After a week on the throne, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands says it is possible that his people can achieve what they have failed at for so many generations and bring pride to this wealthy, popular trading hub. The new regent says he will breed a tulip that possesses its own particular smell. […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81346,"Gun Owners of America Executive Director Larry Pratt recently predicted that President Barack Obama’s health care reform law would force gun owners to undergo electroshock therapy. During an episode of the Talk to Solomon Show on Tuesday, Stan Solomon…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80010,"Donald Trump held a campaign rally on Saturday at Regent University, the Christian College founded by Pat Robertson. Since Robertson was a vocal supporter of the GOP nominee, it was no surprise to see him deliver some short remarks to open the rally. The televangelist recounted meeting Trump for the first time years ago while attending an Evander Holyfield fight. At the time, Trump was facing financial difficulties, but assured Robertson that he would recover, which he did. That prompted Robertson to send a warning to the professional bookies in Las Vegas.

“I want you to think real careful about what you’re going to do when time comes,” Robertson warned the bookies in his address. “I know how the odds work and I know how profits are made, but there is one very important thing you should keep in mind when it comes to Donald Trump. And that’s the fact that we’re talking here about a self-made billionaire, someone who’s faced catastrophic odds on multiple occasions and has come out on top each and every time. And any wise bookie would take that fact into consideration.”

He continued, “At this point and partly because we’re at this beautiful location with all these students here listening to what we have to say, I’d like to draw a parallel between betting against Donald Trump winning the presidency and something that’s probably familiar to these and all other students throughout the country, though predominantly male ones. And that’s a wet t-shirt contest: you never ever bet on the flat-chested girl at a wet t-shirt contest. And I’m bringing this up now because that’s exactly what it would be like to bet on Donald Trump losing the election. It leads to doom.”

“I also apologize to the ladies here present as well as all others who might be listening, but I just had to make a memorable example. And if you know your fellow male students, there’s hardly a better example to be made than referencing something as picturesque as a bunch of good looking women being drenched with bucket loads of water while not wearing any bras,” the televangelist attempted to sound less disgusting, as if that was possible at this point. “But I think you’ll agree with me when I say that the example I made gets the job done, to say the least.”

Robertson also added that “whoever wants to make good money in November” should go down to the nearest bookie and put money down on Donald Trump winning the presidential election. “Because that’s what natural-born winners do, they don’t make excuses. And in case nobody has noticed, Donald Trump is a natural-born winner. That’s why betting against the self-made businessman would be like betting on the only flat-chested girl at a wet t-shirt contest. Everybody can see the outcome in both situations; but it’s the quickest ones that make the biggest profit,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81662,"WASHINGTON — Legendary presidential correspondent Helen Thomas’s contentious relationship with the Obama Administration continued even in death today, as White House Press Secretary Jay Carney spent most of Thomas’s wake deflecting benign questions and searching nervously for the door.

Asked to describe his fondest memory of Ms. Thomas, Carney—who has served as President Obama’s Press Secretary since 2011—said he “didn’t have all the information in front of [him] right now,” but promised to “look into” the situation and report back “as soon as no one remembers the question.”

“I can tell you that the meeting was very productive and that I’ll be ready to give you more on that topic soon,” Carney said when asked by a friend what he had eaten for lunch. “This is obviously a dynamic situation and we’re not prepared to comment on it yet.”

Thomas—who covered every presidential administration since Dwight Eisenhower and was considered a pioneer for women in journalism—died on Saturday at the age of 92. Thomas was known as a tenacious but playful reporter who wasn’t afraid to ask impolitic questions. President Obama said that she “never failed to keep presidents—including myself—on their toes.” Thomas’s storied carried ended on a sour note when she was forced to resign her position after making what some called inflammatory comments about Israel’s presence in the Middle East, but her peers are nonetheless calling her a “trail-blazer” who changed the White House Press Corps forever.

“It’s a sad moment,” Carney said before sneaking out a side door. “But I’m not going to get into the details of what I mean by ‘sad’ or ‘moment.’”

Carney admitted that he “couldn’t quite believe that [Mrs. Thomas] is really gone,” and said that he was looking forward to finally getting a good night’s rest once he “personally witnesses the body being lowered into the ground—just to be absolutely sure I’m off the hook.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80752,"“I do not want to undermine or question the validity of this current investigation,” wrote Feinstein in an email to the NSA. “However, I do think that we should be open to the possibility that you all are starting to get a little paranoid.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80244,"Longtime Donald Trump ally Roger Stone on Tuesday publicly accused Trump’s son-in-law of leaking damaging information about the White House to MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough. During an interview with conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, Stone called out Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner for constantly leaking dirt to Scarborough, the MSNBC host who has of late been very critical of the president’s performance. “Sources tell me the president’s son-in-law enjoys a very lively text exchange with Joe Scarborough, and that Scarborough’s repeated attacks on Steve Bannon, not to mention some of these attacks on the president, clearly are being manipulated by Jared Kushner,” Stone said.

He continued, “Now, I don’t personally have a problem with him, I want to get that out there right away. However, and I’m not discriminating here, but if you go back through history, you kind of start to see a pattern of Jews having done the exact same thing. And that’s the real problem here, because they seem to have a habit of doing things that are damaging to the president of the country intentionally. Far be it for me to promote the existence of conspiracy theories, but at the end of the day, you can’t argue with the facts, nor should you, and especially not when they’re this clear.”

“You keep hearing whispers of how the Jews are wanting to control the government and how they’re the ones responsible for creating a global government that intends to rule the world through means of money and economy,” he added. “But up until now, there hasn’t been any evidence to support that whatsoever. Yet, what we’re seeing right now is one of President Trump’s closest advisers – who also happens to be married to his daughter, funny how that works – actually shelling out fake news that have to do with Trump himself in what could only be interpreted as an attempt to discredit him. What other motive could one have for doing that?”

Stone also said, “From what I can gather, the end game here is to get the people in America, as well as around the world, to stop taking President Trump seriously. If they stop taking him seriously, that creates the perfect window of opportunity for some sort of proverbial Messiah to swoop in and save the day. In this instance, I have a feeling it’s going to be the government, which, again is pretty much the entity that has the final say about anything and everything. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that he whoever controls the government, controls the country, and seeing how America is the greatest and most powerful nation in the world, it’s only a matter of time before other countries yield as well.”

“So, all that stuff you’ve read online about how President Trump isn’t very endowed and how he married a former prostitute and porn actress and how he’s this and that and whatnot, that’s all fake news leaked to the likes of Morning Joe by Kushner the Jew. And I’m sad to say it, but he’s actually done a pretty good job of it, since we seem to be having more and more protests and riots in the country than before. If this continues and he’s not fired, I fear Kushner might end up causing a real catastrophe. Maybe even something like divorcing Ivanka. And you can imagine how badly that would sadden white women all across America. President Trump’s in enough trouble with them as it is,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80655,"President-elect Donald Trump praised Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday afternoon, after the Russian leader said he would not expel any U.S. diplomats from his country. Trump tweeted, “Great move on delay (by V. Putin) – I always knew he was very smart!” It’s shockingly direct praise from an incoming American president for a Russian leader who’s been accused by U.S. intelligence agencies and President Barack Obama of overseeing hacking efforts aimed at influencing the 2016 election. On the same day, former United National ambassador John Bolton reacted on “Fox & Friends” to President Barack Obama sanctioning Russian intelligence officials over hacking suspicions.

Asked to comment on why there seems to be such an understanding and mutual respect between Trump and Putin, Bolton argued that the two are “obviously on the same wavelength,” but added that the fact that they’re both also white and blonde “might have something to do with it as well.” “You know, this sort of thing is one of those questions that are always going to remain unanswered,” Bolton said. “Clearly, race has a lot to do with it and I would argue that that’s probably the single most important thing that connects the two hardliners. On the other hand, Obama is kind of stuck in the middle of it all, which I guess is understandable, considering the fact that he’s suffering from color mentality.”

Asked to elaborate, the former UN ambassador opined that President Barack Obama still thinks like a slave, which is why he’s “having trouble” getting into the conversation between the two. “On one hand, I have to say I kind of understand the man,” Bolton said. “But on the other, I mean, if we’re being completely honest, he never should have become President, because at some point, we had to ask ourselves what’s going to happen when his four, or in this particular case, eight years come to an end. Everybody kept praising the fact that we had finally gotten an interracial president, when we should have been planning ahead all this time. And now it’s come back to bite us in the a*s.”

Bolton also argued that the fact that President Obama was “still stuck in colonial times” didn’t do well for America at all, especially since “we’re now in a position where, as far as the world is concerned, Russia is the epitome of democracy and especially diplomatic restraint, and America has been assigned the role of the oppressor and invader.” “It’s like the decades-old, Cold War roles have been reversed,” he said. “Thanks to a lack of understanding between Obama and Putin – something that’s obviously benefited the Russians far more than it has us – they are now the good guys and we’ve been made into the bad guys. It’s like we’re living in some weird, parallel universe.”

“The passive, submissive and beta-like slave mindset that has been the prevailing characteristic of the Obama presidency is what has brought us to the verge of implosion. Donald Trump came in the nick of time to save the day, and I have high hopes that his alpha-male, dominant, proactive approach to business and politics will finally get us back in the ring with the top dogs. We’ve been away far too long,” Bolton concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80101,"NEW YORK — O’Reilly Factor producer Jay Richards revealed today the unlikely cause behind Bill O’Reilly’s explosive on-screen rage: the boisterous host is not actually the hair-trigger conservative blow-hard he seems to be, but for the entirety of the show’s run, the caps-lock on the studio teleprompter has been left on. “This explains so much,” […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80595,"Back in 2010, Religious Right activist Janet Porter, then going by her maiden name of Folger, announced that she had written a screenplay about her efforts to pass the nation’s first ban on partial birth abortion. That was the last we heard of her until Porter showed up on Cindy Jacobs’ pre-election conference call earlier this week, where she announced that she has secured $$2 million in funding for the project. Even more exciting, Jacobs had given Porter a prophecy years ago that this movie would be “the tipping point to end abortion” in America, so obviously legal abortion’s days are numbered as Porter says they are to begin shooting the movie soon.

“This is just a stepping stone on the long and arduous path we have to walk in order to stop abortions in this country,” Porter told media outlets on Saturday. “But, at the same time, it’s also a road we’re more than willing to take, especially since we seem to be the only ones willing to sacrifice a lot of ourselves in order to prevail. And I know full well how it sounds when you tell someone, ‘Oh, hey, listen, I’m directing a movie that’s going to blow people’s minds when it comes to abortions, so it’d be really cool if you could check it out.’ That sort of thing doesn’t just happen, it’s not like you can plan it or anything. It’s just a moment of inspiration and before you know it, you have something worth watching.”

She added, “But, here’s the thing: the shooting is going to take some time, and then post-production is also going to last very long and there are a couple more things that are going to postpone the premiere. Until then, I have a suggestion on how mothers are to keep their daughters safe during these times of great curiosity for such young minds. Namely, I believe it’s about time chastity belts came back into play. And I think that they’re the perfect way to prevent unwanted abortions in this modern day and age of smartphones and social networks. I’d like to see someone build an app that unlocks a chastity belt,” she said jokingly. “As a matter of fact – I dare you.”

And while some I.T. genius is by now surely far away in his research on how to open chastity belts, Porter went on about how unwanted abortions actually come from “not wanting to have sex, but defying rules imposed by others.” “And when I say others, I mostly mean parents. They represent the oppressor in their child’s minds. And that’s why it’s important to change children’s minds so that they abandon that way of thinking.” “And that can be done perfectly,” she added. “All you need to do is see my movie when it premieres. Of course, you should get your girl a chastity belt before that, you know, just to be on the safe side. But, that’s just my advice,” Porter concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80747,"CAIRO — Massive raids conducted by the Egyptian government led to the deaths of hundreds this week but failed to achieve their prime objective: capturing and securing the panties of former President Mohamed Morsi’s supporters. Disappointed raiders pledged to press on despite this disappointment.

“They have thus far kept from us their most precious panties, but the enemies of peace and democracy are safe nowhere,” said government spokesman Abdel Ehrwad, although his panty-hungry rabble seemed restless and unsatisfied. “The enemies of the revolution will need new underwear!” he added, in what has become a rallying cry for Egyptian idealists.

On Thursday, the death toll in Cairo climbed above 638 as military forces routed and raided the strongholds of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group closely allied with the recently ousted Morsi. Police arrested several protesters and broke up reportedly peaceful sit-ins.

No witnesses reported seeing authorities cart away boxes – or even handfuls – of activists’ panties.

“The extremists will never take over,” said government gunman Ngozi El-Radames “but I do not wish to harm my fellow citizens any further, only to shame them with the stealing of panties. The only worthwhile raids in history were for that purpose. That’s what I want to be a part of; that’s why I signed up. All this bloodshed accomplishes nothing.”

El-Radames sighed before grumbling halfheartedly: “The enemies of the revolution will need new underwear.”

Muslim Brotherhood supporters struck back on Thursday, storming and torching two government buildings in Giza. Local TV footage showed firefighters evacuating workers from the buildings, and protesters were continuing to organize marches.

There were no reports of those activists making off with any undergarments either.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79912,"“Washington, D.C. – House Speaker John Boehner announced Thursday that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is scheduled to address Congress on March 3rd, although President Obama does not plan to meet with him.

“The House speaker had invited Netanyahu to speak to lawmakers about the threat from Iran. The announcement caught the president off-guard, as the invitation was not cleared first with the Obama administration; such invitations are typically coordinated with the State Department and White House.

“The White House said Obama would not meet with him, when asked Thursday about the visit, citing the country’s upcoming elections. Spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said that in keeping with “long-standing practice and principle,” the president does not meet with heads of state or candidates in close proximity to their elections.

“Meanwhile, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said it was inappropriate for Boehner to invite Netanyahu to address Congress in the shadow of that election and give the appearance of endorsing the Prime Minister.

“Pelosi said: “if that’s the purpose of Prime Minister Netanyahu’s visit two weeks before his own election, right in the midst of our negotiations, I just don’t think it’s appropriate and helpful.”

“But Boehner cast the invitation as part of Congress’ effort to stay tough on Iran, as the Obama administration forges a possible nuclear deal with the country. On Wednesday, Boehner denied any suggestion he was “poking [the White House] in the eye,” though Josh Earnest, the White House Press Secretary, noted the invitation was a breach in protocol.

In an interview with Newslo, Boehner seemed somewhat surprised when asked about his party’s relationship with the Israeli Prime Minister. However, he quickly gave up trying to deny the obvious and spilled his guts.

“To be honest, I didn’t think it would remain a secret this long. But, it was bound to set-off some alarms sooner or later. So, yes – the GOP does have a very intimate relationship with Netanyahu, but not for the reasons everyone suspects; we’ve been trying to persuade him to become the party’s presidential candidate in the 2016 elections, and I’m happy to say we’ve finally succeeded. All that’s left is for us to make it official, which is what is going to happen on the 3rd of March, during his visit to Washington,” Boehner confessed. As for the long-term consequences of such a bombshell on the US political scene, they’re bound to be plentiful, to say the least.

Judging by major polls, Netanyahu is still the preferred candidate of 24% of polled voters. According to some of them, his “relentlesness” and “solid integrity” are the qualities that make him a desirable candidate for the position of President of the United States.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81550,"NEW YORK – Fox News has reportedly green lit a new primetime program featuring Christian televangelist Pat Robertson tentatively titled “The Nazi Club.”

Robertson is famous for his long running religious program on CBN, “The 700 Club,” where he tells viewers that a vengeful god introduces calamity into the world largely due to the presence of homosexuality within it.

Fox News senior vice president Sharri Berg said, “’The 700 Club’ is so popular, we thought our viewers would enjoy seeing Robertson alotted the time to discuss other issues important to Christians in America. Namely, who is and who is not a Nazi.”

The decision was reached to green light the project after a recent episode of “The 700 Club,” during which Robertson was forced to stray from his usual narrative. The perceived need to talk about the Boston Marathon bombings left Robertson unable to fill the program with his usual schedule of hatefully blaming “the gays” for everything that is wrong in the world.

During the episode, Robertson informed viewers that all Muslims should be combated as though they were Nazis, a statement that echoed a similar instance over a decade ago in which Robertson said that “Muslims are worse than Nazis.”

“God called me the night before,” Robertson explained, “and said, ‘Hey Pat, how have you been?’ ‘I’m alright,’” the televangelist said. “‘A little bummed out because all Muslims are Nazis.’ So I really needed to fit that into this episode, even if Nazis weren’t necessarily gay.”

He added, “God did mention he made Nazis as punishment for ‘Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.’ Being omniscient, he knew it was coming down the pipe in about 65 years. God’s super on top of this kind of thing.”

Robertson used that transition to talk about an NBA center, Jason Collins, who recently announced in Sports Illustrated that he is gay. “Somehow we’ve said if it’s heterosexual fornication, it’s bad. If it’s homosexual fornication, that used to be called an abomination in the Bible, now it’s a protected civil right.”

Robertson, continued, “There isn’t anything bigoted about that.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81974,"NEW YORK — I have been told that “making it through” fashion week is a very difficult business. This is my first year in attendance, as I have only recently relocated to the United States after spending the past two years as a refugee journalist based in Khartoum. As I am told is customary for New York Fashion Week, I have gathered some “survival tips” from the many models, celebrity stylists, and socialites with whom I have spoken. All of them expressed to me how they find New York Fashion Week “quite an ordeal” and “very difficult to get through.” Many of them have helpful hints as to how they manage to survive a full seven days of racing among dozens of shows and attending hundreds of after-parties.

F.I.N.E., a young design collective from San Francisco, informed me that they “absolutely couldn’t make it out of here alive” without the following items: small packets of almonds “because there is simply never enough time,” band-aids “for when your Louboutins are seriously killing you,” and dry shampoo “because the absolute worst thing you can do is run around the most glamorous week of the year with greasy roots.”

I have also considered the impossibility of making it out of my own difficulties alive. These designers’ statements reminded me of when the Janjaweed surrounded my village and burned all of the houses. My mother woke my siblings and me and we fled into the streets. It seemed as though the entire town was enveloped in a single burning flame. There was nothing but chaos. Those who did not die of fire were slashed with machetes. I’m sorry. This is probably irrelevant.

Several fashion editors told me that “tiny Altoid mints” or “those toothbrush wisps” were “absolute basic necessities” as they did not wish for their breath to offend any of the individuals with whom they engaged in conversation about the quality of thirty-thousand-dollar dresses. Cassie Nokia, a self-described musician/actress, insisted that she “would look like an absolute corpse without a de-puffing eye roller and some of those oil blotting sheets.”

This statement also reminded me of my past. After being separated from my family, I spent several days in a tree, waiting for a lull in the night so I might escape. From my viewpoint behind the leaves, the soldiers could not see me, but I could see their evil actions and the many corpses scattered below. It is my opinion that Ms. Nokia is being too hard on herself and that her comparison was unfair. She is a beautiful girl and would in no way resemble the many dead I have witnessed. However, it is accurate that her pores could have used some minimizing serum.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80748,"NEW YORK — Russian President Vladimir Putin began an unpaid internship at The New York Times this week by writing an op-ed on U.S. foreign policy in Syria. Putin told Times reporters that he was excited by the opportunity to write about his opinions on Syria, but even more excited by how good this experience will look on his resume.

In his debut editorial, Putin argued that the U.S. should not initiate military action in Syrian without the permission of the United Nations Security Council, over which Russia holds veto power.

“The law is still the law, and we must follow it whether we like it or not,” wrote the authoritarian president in a line that reportedly caused a mild controversy in the fact checking department.

“They didn’t want Putin to imply that he always follows the law, since that is factually inaccurate,” said Executive Editor Jill Abramson. “But since we’re not even paying him to write for us, we decided to let it slide.”

Although Putin wrote in his op-ed that he was pleased that Obama is pursuing a diplomatic solution—which would require Syria to hand over its chemical weapons—Putin did take issue with the president’s assertion that U.S. policy is “what makes [America] exceptional.”

“I don’t know if you remember, but this non-military solution wasn’t exactly due to ‘American exceptionalism,’” wrote Putin. “Unless you want to argue that Secretary of State John Kerry’s slip-of-the-tongue was a carefully thought-out foreign policy maneuver. Good luck getting that past the New York Times fact checkers.”

Though Putin is looking forward to writing more articles at the Times, he is dismayed that, besides his first op-ed, the majority of his internship has involved getting coffee and taking out the trash.

Still, Putin is eager to learn and experience new things not only at the Times, but in his new temporary residence of New York City.

“It has been very exciting to experience your so-called ‘American exceptionalism’ face-to-face,” said Putin. “This morning on the way to work, I saw a number of exceptionally wealthy and exceptionally homeless people on your New York City streets. I was surprised to learn that the former cannot legally use the latter as toilets—but I’m still new here.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81363,"Republican Nashville mayoral candidate David Fox, in an effort to reach across the aisle, embarked upon what appears to be the first campaign for a political opponent in recent history.

“She supports the separation of church and state,” he said admiringly of his Democratic opponent, Megan Barry. “She doesn’t support mandatory prayer in public schools and forced participation in religious observances… she even voted against using tax dollars to support a national day of religious coercion,” he went on to gush. “I mean, it’s like she actually knows what’s in the constitution.”

The only person not reeling from this effusive praise, ironically, was Megan Barry herself. “There’ve been a lot of comments from my opponent about my dedication to public service and the laws on which this great nation was founded,” Barry said apologetically. “And while I appreciate his effort to promote me as the superior candidate, I am a Christian. And my faith, which was always very personal to me, has suddenly become a public conversation, which has made me uncomfortable.”

Political commentators are confounded by this exchange. “Normally, politicians are known for smear campaigns against their opponents,” remarked one pundit. “But this is like Goliath calling David courageous and daring. He just keeps pointing out how she’s better suited to represent and serve the people of Nashville. It’s quite literally the opposite of a smear campaign.”

Indeed, Fox has spent tens of thousands of dollars in radio ads and annoying dinner-time calls to constituents in his effort to applaud his opponent, even going so far as to say that she omits the word “god” from the pledge of allegiance in council sessions. Which claim is “absolutely ludicrous,” said At-large Councilman Ronnie Steine, who sat directly next to Barry for the past four years in the council chambers. “I am embarrassed (that) I have to say this out loud, but yes, Megan Barry says the entire Pledge of Allegiance, including the word ‘God.’”

Despite these inaccuracies, Fox’s campaign appears to have worked, since Megan Barry won the election with 55% of the votes. “Now I can finally impose my religious beliefs on the people of Nashville,” Barry gloated at her acceptance speech. “Ha hah, just kidding, I’m an American, not a member of the Taliban,” she clarified.

David Fox could not be reached for comment, though we can only assume he’s happy with the obvious and very predictable results of all his hard work on Barry’s behalf",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82105,"BOSTON – An investigation conducted by Newslo has uncovered the shocking and highly germane fact that Tamerlan Tsarnaev—the deceased suspect in the April 15 Boston Marathon bombings—wore tighty-whitey underwear, as opposed to boxers or boxer-briefs. Sources confirm that the elder Tsarnaev, thought to be the primary plotter of the attacks, wore the classic tighty-whiteys mostly for comfort reasons, but also because he “liked the way they made his junk look.”

“Tamerlan generally kept his undies in the top drawer, to the left of the socks, the latter of which he did not—I repeat, did not—roll up into pairs,” a source, who visited Tsarnaev’s bedroom twice in 2011, told Newslo. “He may have owned a pair of boxers, because I recall seeing a sliver of heart-patterned material amidst all the white, but I can’t say whether or not he ever wore them.”

The source said that he had, on many occasions, seen the distinctive elastic band common to tighty-whiteys rising above Tamerlan’s waistline as he bent over, which may indicate that the heart-patterned boxers were a gift that Tamerlan didn’t really wear.

While other news organizations have dedicated great amounts of airtime and print space to painstaking, exhaustive reporting on the minutiae of the Tsarnaev brothers’ biographies, social media posts, and personal relationships, most have failed to report on the suspected terrorists’ undergarment choices, an oversight that media expert John Heely called “an unforgivable betrayal of the public’s right to know.”

“How can we expect people to feel connected to the world around them if they don’t know what kind of fabric was, on a daily basis, rubbing up against Tamerlan Tsarnaev’s genitalia?” Heely said. “Plus, who’s to say the constricting nature of tighty-whiteys didn’t slowly, over the period of many uncomfortable, ball-squeezing years, drive Tsarnaev toward terrorism?”

Newslo has also confirmed that Tamerlan had a small, oblong mole on the anterior region of his left ankle. “It was about 1.5 millimeters in diameter,” Tsarnaev’s family physician said. “The mole was dark brown and didn’t seem to pose any risk of becoming cancerous. Just a normal mole—almost suspiciously normal.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81486,"NEW YORK — The murder rate in New York City plunged 18% in 2012, its lowest level in nearly fifty years, a feat that Mayor Mike Bloomberg attributes to his so-called “Nanny State Initiatives,” most notably the smoking ban in public parks and prominently displayed calorie counts in fast food restaurants.

“The sad cycle of people killing one another out of fits of hypertension and being strung out from second hand smoke has finally been broken” said Bloomberg at a City Hall press conference. “Greasy, high sodium fast food and nicotine inhalation may have long term negative health implications, but they no longer goad the people of New York into committing cold-blooded murder ”

In addition to a city less on edge, other unexpected benefits of the molly-coddling legislation has been the nimbleness and agility of the general public, often allowing potential victims to outrun their would-be attackers. Pulled hamstrings, however, are up 21% for the year.

Police Commissioner Ray Kelly sang the mayor’s praises. “Sure we have the largest, most professional police force known to man, and possess all the cutting edge tools in crime prevention and detection, but it’s clear that an unenforced smoking ban in public parks and beaches, and knowing how many calories are in a Big Mac before you order, are what has made this city the safest it’s been in decades.”

“That and stopping and frisking people at random on the street” he added. “And by ‘people’ I mean ‘minorities.’”

Bloomberg stated that for his final year in office, he plans to ensure that the denizens of the “City That Never Sleeps” commit fewer felonious acts out of over-tiredness by instituting a citywide 10 P.M. bedtime.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82119,"Conservative talk host Tomi Lahren has made a habit of playing the white victimhood card, most recently referring to the Black Lives Matter movement as the new KKK. On Tuesday, Lahren, who hosts a show on Glenn Beck’s channel, The Blaze, blamed what she called racial divisions on President Barack Obama. She said Obama is not a leader, but instead “an instigator.” “Almost eight years in office and two black attorney generals as head of the Justice Department, and where are we today,” Lahren said. “We are more divided now than ever before.”

“I really think somebody should just get on the air and say it – we are literally being treated like animals,” she argued. “The same old tactic is being used on Americans over and over again. They tell us that they’re doing everything in their power to heal the country, keep the peace and protect the citizens, when in reality all they’re doing is trying to figure out new ways of stashing more and more money in their pockets. It’s as if we’re lambs being led to the slaughter. We pay taxes, we pay for food, gas, and everything else and they just keep having fun at our expense. Pretty soon we’ll need to start paying for the air that we breathe.”

She continued, “prices have gone up, the economy barely survived one of the worst disasters since the 1930s, we’re at war with almost everybody, we’ve got terrorists walking around freely throughout the country, the army is on its way to becoming a haven for gays, and now black people have started demanding some sort of equality. Well, you know something? It’s black people that caused all of this. This is all taking place while a black man is president and while two other black people served and are serving as Attorney Generals. Anyone else see the connection?”

“Everything that’s happened over the last eight years clearly proves that black people are unfit for governing anything larger than their own drug stash. And even that’s questionable, since a lot of them tend to use a bit too much of their own stuff,” she argued. “I mean, I’m sorry to have to say it like this, but the country is literally being run by gorillas and that’s a fact. Because, no one in their right mind would look at what is happening on the streets of American cities today and call for ‘unity’ and ‘compassion.’ People are dying, good people, police officers, and what are we doing? We brought this on ourselves because we were more concerned with writing history by electing the first black president ever than we were about what kind of president he’d be.”

“And while we’re on the subject, Obama would be better off hosting a late night show or something, since he seems awful friendly with Jimmy Fallon. Although I wonder if even that would work – he’d probably have the bright idea of inviting Castro or Putin to be guests. And while that would guarantee high ratings, it would also be like having the whole country bend over and paint a bulls eye in the middle of our you-know-what. Oh wait – he already did that when he went to Havana. My bad. And we can say what we want about Bush Jr., but he’d never do anything like that. And by the way – he took out Saddam. Take that, black people.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81021,"LONDON — Pentecostalism is spreading throughout the United Kingdom faster than any other Christian denomination, but with that growth has come an HIV threat that has many in the church talking.

Pastor Moses Jeffreys claims he has “reason to believe that the all too casual gifting of tongues between certain young members of the congregation has served to communicate this pestilence.”

“The laying on of hands or rubbing oil on the sick might just exacerbate the problematic fraternizing,” remarked Jeffreys, referring to commonly used spiritual gifts of healing. “And HIV medicine is futile when only God can heal absolutely.”

As of 2011, one in every 650 people in the U.K. was estimated to be living with HIV. A quarter of these 96,000 people were thought to be unaware of their infection.

In response,the Medical Research Council has established a campaign to urge the country’s religious leaders to disabuse their church members of nonsensical notions about sexually transmitted infections. The program has already seen signs of success.

According to a survey conducted by the Children’s HIV Association, a number of doctors and health professionals across England have reported dozens of cases in which pastors pressured young church members to stop taking their anti-retroviral medication and instead rely on faith in God and bottles of blessed water as cures.

Pediatrician Toni Tan warned against following such “medical mumbo jumbo” when it comes to disavowing potentially life-saving treatments. “It’s very wrong for faith leaders to actively encourage their congregations to stop taking their medication…it will lead to their deaths,” cautioned Tan.

Reached for an interview, one of the hospitalized HIV patients documented in the association’s report emitted an unintelligible series of vocalizations. Pastor Jeffreys was encouraged by the outward signs of his parishioner’s recovery, noting that “speaking in tongues is thought to indicate baptism with the Holy Spirit.”

Dr. Tan offered a slightly different interpretation. “Death rattle,” he said, shaking his head. “God only knows how many more will suffer a similar fate.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80821,"CANADA – Millionaire entrepreneur, investor, and star of the hit series Shark Tank Kevin O’Leary this week expressed unbridled that poverty is running rampant across the globe. On the popular Canadian business news program Lang & O’Leary Exchange, co-host Amanda Lang brought up the recent report from Oxfam International stating that the world’s 85 richest people have as much wealth as the world’s poorest three and a half billion.

“It’s fantastic,” responded O’Leary. “And this is a great thing because it inspires everybody. They get motivation to look up to the one percent and say I want to become one of the people. I am going to fight hard to get up to the top. This is fantastic news and of course I applaud it. What can be wrong with this?”

He then proceeded to list reasons why such extreme concentrated wealth was a great thing, stating that “poverty-stricken people will work for almost nothing, and that savings is passed on to you,” “nations need poor people to form the bulk of their armies,” and “it’s very easy to get the poor to do whatever you want, just dangle a few crumbs in their face and they’re yours.”

Seemingly stunned by her co-host’s reply, Lang tried to redirect him by pointing out that a dirt-poor child in Africa has little to no chance of ever climbing out of poverty. O’Leary, however, would have none of it. “Don’t tell me you want to redistribute wealth again,” he said before emphatically claiming that Oxfam’s finding that 85 people have the wealth of 3.5 billion is “A celebratory stat. I am very excited about it. I am wonderful to see it happen.

“You get a fact like this out there and poor people are able to finally give up hope,” he added. “That kid you’re so worried about? He’s relieved to know the deck is stacked against him. Now he can go work in the diamond mines for a couple of years before he dies and know that was the best he was ever going to do. Is he going to have a decent life? Of course not. But he should have thought of that before he made the poor decision to be born into an African slum.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80819,"Washington, D.C. – Barack Obama has recently stated in an interview to CBS News that “everybody seems to be badmouthing the Secret Service lately, especially members of the opposing party”. It’s debatable whether protectionism in politics has gotten a new meaning since Mr. Obama has become President, or the attacks on the Secret Service name are due to actual screw-ups. The fact to the matter is that Obama’s protecting “his boys”.

“Need I remind you that the US Secret Service has been at the forefront of every major political event in the US and abroad in the 20th century? You don’t get that kind of reputation overnight. Someone has clearly set their sights on this agency and I won’t stand by and watch their name being dragged through the dirt”, Obama added.

The US President also acknowledged that the agency’s track record isn’t exactly spotless, either. “Ok, I guess that the whole Kennedy thing wasn’t their best work. But the fact that “Secret Service agents are being ridiculed for having engaged in sexual pleasures and what others call “indiscretions” in 17 different countries is just pissing me off, you know? What are they supposed to do, go into celibacy while they’re on the job?! They’re just human, for Allah’s sake!”, Obama angrily (almost) shouted.

“What?! “Drinking and seeing prostitutes in Columbia?! Well, the whole damn country was built on booze and prostitutes, it’s only right for the guys to experience Colombia’s building blocks in person!”, he further added, when told of another incident.

The President concluded: “so, “they sent sexually suggestive emails to a female subordinate, big deal; she was probably asking for it, anyway. Everybody knows how stressful it is to work in an agency like the Secret Service, especially Tim and Iggy ” (Timothy Barraclough and Ignacio Zamora, Jr.). A man’s gotta blow off some steam, you know?”

Apparently, the Secret Service isn’t so secret, after all.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80599,"“Washington, D.C. – Joni Ernst, the Republican Senate candidate said in an interview with Fox News that she was “greatly offended” by the comment that her looks play a huge role in her surging political campaign. The comment was made by Tom Harkin, a retiring Senator and an Iowa Democrat.

““I really think it’s unfortunate that Harking and a great majority of his party believe that you can’t be a real woman just because you’re female; again, I am greatly offended about that”, Ernst stated during her interview.

“The Republican candidate was bothered by the statement of the retiring Iowa Democrat Harkin, who said at a local Democratic event: “I don’t care if she’s as good looking as Taylor Swift or as nice as Mr. Rogers, but if she votes like Michele Bachmann, she’s wrong for the state of Iowa.”

In another interview with Newslo, just moments ago, Joni Ernst said “I know darn well what the people are thinking, and I really don’t like being compared to Taylor Swift, of all people. But, the real problem lies with people like Harkin, who can only dream about having a real woman like me. In fact, I might just throw a bikini contest to celebrate the Republican victory after I annihilate Bruce (Braley, the Democratic Rep.)”.

“And while we’re on the subject, just for the record – my boobs are way bigger than Taylor’s; if Mr. Harkin doesn’t believe that, I’ll just flash him during the bikini contest and make him eat his heart out. I’ve never actually though about using my appearance to my advantage, but there’s an idea. I might even “persuade” Tom (Harkin) to change parties. Heck, I’ll even make sure I wear a red bikini just for that”, Ernst jokingly added.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81217,"EARTH — All around the globe this morning, people awoke to a golden sunrise and a somber realization that a reliable old friend, Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse, was no longer with us.

While it is unknown who ultimately killed Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse, we can all reflect warmly on our shared memories. Born in 2007, Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse soon became wildly popular, especially in the past year. By the winter of 2012, Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse could be found in sitcom storylines, college theme parties, and comments made by trolls on Doomsday Prepper forums.

From the operators of novelty Twitter accounts to socially awkward people looking to break the ice at office functions, friends and fans spent the morning fondly reminiscing about the dependability of Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse.

“What a wingman. I would’ve never gotten laid without Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse,” said college fraternity member Tommy “Rat” Rodell, before quickly clarifying that he was just kidding and that this is not at all the case.

Rodell then recounted how he had met “this slammin’ bitch” at an End of the World theme party last night, and was grateful to have Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse by his side. “I told her, ‘Soon the earth will be engulfed in a massive solar flare and we will all be roasted alive in the heat – you should probably take off that dress.’”

After a thoughtful pause, Rodell added, “Then we smushed, rawdog.”

Another admirer, an amateur satirist, claims to have been the benefactor of Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse’s last deed in this world when he came up with the idea to write an obituary for the planet Earth, only to realize it was already too late.

And so, on this day, Friday, December 21, 2012, we tearfully say goodbye to Jokes About the Mayan Apocalypse.

Good night, sweet prince.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79955,"Abstinence advocate and culture war blogger Bristol Palin recently lashed out at black actors who have complained that the slate of nominees for this year’s Oscars were all white. In a blog post on Tuesday, Palin said she agreed with Fox News contributor Stacey Dash’s opinion that both Black History Month and the BET network should not exist as special privileges for the black community.

“Either we want to have segregation or integration. If we don’t want segregation then we need to get rid of channels like BET and the BET Awards and the [NAACP] Image Awards,” Dash told Fox News host Steve Doocy last week.

“Stacey Dash couldn’t be more right,” Palin commented on her post. “What more do black people want? They complained about slavery – we abolished it. They complained about oppression in the 60’s – we made sure there was no more of it. Then they started bitching about how America has never had a black president – we gave them Obama. Now they’re trying to make it look like we’re intentionally depriving them of money and fame. I mean, come on, people! You’ve got drug dealers, you’ve got rap and hip-hop singers, you’ve got just as much money as white people, and not to mention, your numbers are growing. It seems to me like we ought to be complaining about you, not the other way around!” Palin fumed.

Former Gov. of Alaska’s daughter went on to say that “even if there were black actors who are good enough” to be nominated for an Academy Award, “it’d be too difficult to choose one, since they all look alike.” “How do you tell apart Lawrence Fishburne from Samuel L. Jackson? You don’t! At least I can’t. I mean, if I didn’t know any better, I’d think Sam Jackson played Morpheus in the Matrix Trilogy. So, don’t be talking about the Oscars when you clearly don’t deserve one.”

“And another thing, there are black people in the audience at the Oscars, just like there are millions of black people all across America. Have you ever wondered why black actors never get nominated for an Award? Even though they’ve got millions of their black countrymen in the audience supposedly supporting them? It’s because black people can’t act – and they know it. All they’re good for is dancing, and not like ballet or normal dancing. They can do hip-hop and street dancing and that’s it. When it comes to a fine art like acting, they’re not capable of it. I mean, look at Denzel Washington. The man must have been in a hundred movies so far, and he always plays a black guy. Actors are supposed to transform into different roles. I mean, what’s up with that? No wonder black people are mad, it’s always someone else’s fault if you ask them,” Palin concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80492,"“Ben Carson finally found a simple way to avoid saying anything controversial about gay marriage during a stop in Sarasota on Monday. Asked if he still believes being gay is a choice – as he stated on CNN just a month ago – the likely 2016 presidential candidate was unequivocal in his answer.

““I don’t even want to talk about it,” Carson said as he turned away from the reporter who asked the question. “Because whether it is a choice or not doesn’t matter.” The issue has been a problem for Carson in the past. The retired neurosurgeon said in a March interview that “a lot of people who go into prison straight, come out being gay.”

When CNN’s Chris Cuomo asked if he meant he thought homosexuality was a choice, Carson said “absolutely.” That provoked a series of stories mocking him and comedy shows like Saturday Night Live excoriated him for his comments, even though Carson later apologized for the remarks.

“In Sarasota on Monday, before a rally, Carson, when asked about gay marriage, told reporters that the constitution protects everyone regardless of their economic status, sexual orientation or race.

““And that is what we need to concentrate on. And we don’t need to really delve into the details of how did they get that way or what the implications of it are,” said Carson, a Republican who lives on Florida’s East Coast. He also downplayed the issue, saying it’s only an issue because “people want to create controversy.”

However, it can be said that Carson also created some controversy (yet again) during a subsequent interview with Newslo, saying, “Although I will not further comment on gays, the Bible says nothing about lesbians.”

“The Good Book really does not say anything about two women being wed in holy matrimony. Who knows, if we’re striving for equality and are so keen on making things fair for everyone, maybe we should consider allowing only lesbian marriages? That sounds like a good compromise to me,” Carson stated.

He added: “I mean, I’m definitely all for it. If the LGBT community agrees, I think we have a deal. Anyways, girl-on-girl action is more natural. I bet even gays watch it sometimes.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80720,"JACKSON, Wyo. — Those children daring enough to climb the twisted staircase leading up to Dick Cheney’s gothic stone castle will be sorely disappointed. Do not let the gothic mansion fool you: Cheney does not celebrate Halloween anymore. He just lives there.

Fearing a 37th heart attack, the former Vice President has changed his outlook on Halloween. He now believes the Holiday to be nothing more than childish, immoral nonsense provoked by the evils of sugar. This year he has decided to rename the holiday “Razorblade and Apple Day,” as that’s what he plans on giving out to trick-or-treaters.

Some feel that Cheney has become embittered over the years, but he believes that today’s American children are weak and losing their morality. He says that the razorblades will teach children how to deal with pain and accept the unpredictability of life. The apples, of course, are a stern warning against the dangers of too much sugar – which can lead to fun, another activity that Cheney is strongly opposed to. Giving out razorblades will also provide kids with a unique opportunity to be creative and learn important life lessons, like how to make a knife for cutting up apples and how to shave off a glued on wizard beard.

Originally, Cheney planned on giving out free defibrillators to trick-or-treaters. He wanted to teach them about cardiovascular health, but then decided that it would be akin to socialized medicine and quickly changed his mind. For those brave enough to ring Cheney’s doorbell this year, do not be fooled by his monocle, top hat, and sharp protruding nose. He is not dressed up as the Penguin from the classic Batman series. However, he may cause just as much harm.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81794,"LONDON — The death of an overworked 21-year-old intern is forcing Bank of America Merrill Lynch to reevaluate its corporate practices. Hoping to forestall the public outrage that followed its ill-conceived 2011 plan to charge customers a monthly debit card fee, the bank is promising to refund any past and future ATM transaction fees levied on the late Moritz Erhardt or his bereaved family.

“If there’s one thing we’ve learned from our response to the global financial crisis we helped trigger, it’s that customers won’t stand for ATM fees. So long as we are prepared to waive these fees, there’s nothing for which the public won’t forgive us,” said a spokesperson for the bank.

The promise of landing a high-paying job after an internship has led to an unhealthy culture of overtime, lack of sleep, and stimulant use, all of which may have contributed to a seizure in the shower that appears to have taken Erhardt’s life after he worked until 6am a total of eight times over his last two weeks. “I have not got any comment to make on our work patterns,” said John McIvor, head of international communications for the bank, dismissing any fundamental changes to the internship program, which he considers “too big to fail.”

Erhardt, like hundreds of summer interns working in the City of London’s investment banks, was subjected to grueling 100-hour minimum workweeks and back-to-back all-nighters in the office. Records of Erhardt’s bank account indicated that much of his roughly $$4,200 monthly stipend was used up by a steady stream of 5-hour ENERGY shots and the ATM fees incurred for using his native German bankcard at local branches around the city.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
79847,"Washington, DC-In the wake of last weeks mid-term elections, which put the Republican party in control of both the house and senate, President Obama has embarked on a new strategy to help Democrats regain some of the footing they seem to have lost with the American public, promising that he [Obama] would “fight tooth and nail” to prevent Internet Pornography from being separated into “slow and fast lanes”.

Obama, anent Net Neutrality, said, in a statement released by the White House, “Simply put: No service should be stuck in a ‘slow lane’ because it does not pay a fee. That kind of gate keeping would undermine both the level playing field essential to the Internet’s growth, and an American’s right to please himself in a timely matter without having to resort to still photographs or buying soft core DVD’s from guys in tiny, dirty little shops, with thick mutton chops and three greasy chins.

Though, as expected, Obama’s remarks were met with fierce criticism from his conservative adversaries, with Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), the most vehement amongst them, saying: “Net Neutrality is just Obama Care for the Internet. It puts the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service, and what types of products and services can be delivered. Furthermore,” an irate and red cheeked Cruz added, “if you let the government, with this liberal Adolf running it, control our pornography. Well, they’ll be nothing for us red blooded American’s, who like bland and straight forward, man on top, sixty second humping. I mean geeze, with this black Stalin in the White House it’ll be only acts of faggotry, and transgenders, and leather costumes, and little blond haired, apple cheeked, American boys, being bent over and sodomized by Mooselums! That’s the stuff they like ya know!”

Sen. John Thune (R-SD), who is expected to head the Senate Commerce Committee, also spoke out against the Presidents calls to the FCC to ensure both ‘Net Neutrality’ and the “continuing high quality of Internet pornography”, saying, “The President’s call…would… stifle our nation’s dynamic and robust Internet sector with rules written nearly 80 years ago for plain old telephone service. Now, these rules may have been fine 80 years ago when we as a nation had to worry about corporations creating monopolies, but heck monopoly itself is almost dead. Even kids today would much rather play candy heist and things of that nature than build monopolies. That type of stuff is done, it’s over with, it’s passe. And really if you didn’t work hard enough isn’t just because your lazy? Why should us hardworking American’s not get our porn a little faster than those lazy good for nothings? Hell Obama has already created a criminal welfare state with his Obama Care and now he wants to turn them into chronic masturbaters too. And, now, more than ever, we’ve got to make sure we’re not putting anything into their open hands.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81520,"LOS ANGELES — After fugitive ex-cop Chris Dorner’s quest for vengeance ended with his death in a cabin fire, the Hallmark Channel announced its release of a movie based on his story set to air this Thursday evening.

In an unprecedented move, the Hallmark Channel reportedly bought the rights to the story before its conclusion; they are still shooting the ending. However, Hallmark has already faced criticism over changes made to the story’s plot in an effort to keep the movie “family-friendly.”

“We don’t want to take an official stance on whether or not Dorner’s actions were in any way understandable,” said George Fischer, the network’s Publicity Coordinator. “It’s just – made-for-TV movies are pretty much all we have, and for us to nab it before CBS or HBO – that’s a big win for us.”

In the Hallmark version, several non-union actors play Chris Dorner as an oafish but lovable cop who investigates a missing diamond with the help of his hyper-intelligent dog, inadvertently foiling the plans of a bumbling pair of criminals along the way.

In reality, Dorner was a former Naval Reserve lieutenant and Los Angeles police officer who testified against fellow officer Teresa Evans for excessive force. Dorner was terminated based on the LAPD’s claim that he had falsified his report, while Evans was made a sergeant. It is speculated that this incident drove Dorner to seek revenge through grave acts of violence.

“I think families will appreciate our take on the story,” said Fischer, defending the channel’s decision to have Dorner express himself primarily through Bean-esque mumbling and comical gesticulations in order to avoid words like ‘murder’ or ‘butt.’ ”

“Believe me,” he concluded, “as soon as our rights on the story expire, you’ll have a dark, gritty, spouse-abusing Dorner, courtesy of Lifetime.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80057,"Recently on “Understanding the Times with Jan Markell,” ex-Rep. Michelle Bachmann (R-MN) warned that “the United States is embracing more and more of Islamic Sharia law,” claiming that “Islamic organizations” like the Council on American-Islamic Relations “are wildly successful in advancing the implementation of Islamic law through public schools, through public accommodations, community centers, community colleges, etc.” “For instance, here in Minnesota, public schools serve ‘halal’ food, Islamic Sharia-compliant food in our local cafeterias and public schools,” she continued. “I mean, can you imagine if Baptist kids came in and said, ‘We want accommodation’ or Catholic kids said, ‘We want accommodation.’ Are you kidding? They’d be drummed out of the schools and called bigots and racists.”

Bachmann also added that she feels like her Christian faith “is constantly in danger” after being tricked into trying halal food at one point. “Not only was it awful, but the worst part is I didn’t know what I was eating when it happened. They only told me afterwards, which made me throw it up instantly,” she said. “I mean, I really try to keep an open mind towards all the cultures and peoples that have a home here, but I think it’s important to keep in mind at the same time that this is America, not the other way around. In order for an immigrant to become an American, they must accept the rules of this society, and that includes the culture, traditions, customs and in many cases, the predominant Christian religion. That’s not what we’re seeing today.”

“What we’re seeing today,” she continued, “is that everyone who shows up here and crawls up under any rock half way around the world with the notion of living the American dream seems to bring their own culture here. You don’t see assimilation anymore; all I see is people coming here from different parts of the world and continuing their lives as if they’re still at home. And because there are more and more Muslims coming here as well, they keep bringing their primitive, women-hating laws and culture to this great country. The scariest part is, they keep wrapping it up and masking it as seeking out their democratic, Constitution-guaranteed rights and civil liberties. In reality, it’s nothing more than a farce designed to annihilate the Christian faith.”

“I have to tell you, not a day goes by that I don’t feel soiled by that halal food, that Devil’s meal. I keep remembering how I was tricked by them, how they kept convincing me it was perfectly okay to try it only to laughingly tell me afterwards what it really was. I feel as though I’ll never be pure again and that’s not even the worst part. The worst part is I feel like my Christian faith is in danger 24/7 now because of it. I might as well burned down a crucifix just for the hell of it, that would be equivalent to what I was tricked into doing. And I know deep down that that sin is going to haunt me for as long as I live. I’ll never be what I was because of them. That’s why I urge my fellow Americans not to make friends with Muslims, not to eat their food, not to drink their drinks, not to talk to them, not even to look at them. They need to go back where they came from and it needs to happen, like, yesterday,” Bachmann concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81062,"The executive director of Iowa Right to Life insisted this week that a dramatic drop in abortions in the state was unrelated to the use of birth control because contraception had a “huge failure rate.” Figures released this month by the Iowa Department of Public Health showed that abortions in Iowa had dropped 40 percent since 2007.

At the same time, birth rates in the state have remained steady, suggesting that the drop was not linked to women choosing to carry their pregnancies to term instead of having abortions. Planned Parenthood spokesperson Penny Dickey told KCCI that abortions began dropping at the same time that more women began using long-term contraception, such as IUDs and hormone implants.

But Jennifer Bowen, the executive director for Iowa Right to Life, asserted to KCCI that abortions were becoming rarer because of an increase in the number and intensity of people’s prayers to not get pregnant, as well as that “Iowans have finally started getting in touch with the man upstairs.”

“Hawkeyes are a strange breed, and proof of that is the fact that as soon as they started praying more frequently and vigorously, the man upstairs started listening,” Bowen asserted. “To be quite honest, I could not be happier right now, because I have been trying to get people to have more faith in religion for ages, and finally it’s working.”

The Iowa Right to Life executive director also stated that “this is just the beginning” and that “more effective and reliable contraception is good, but nothing beats the power of one’s honest thoughts.”

“I can tell you that safer contraception is just the tip of the iceberg,” she said. “We have plans to also start incorporating various other types of prayers in order to start ridding children of different diseases while they’re still in their mothers’ wombs. We also have other plans, but unfortunately this is all I have the authority to divulge at the moment.”

She also added: “It’s long been known that a positive mindset attracts positive events. This is just another confirmation of the fact that you can pretty much do anything you want with your body and get away with it. Essentially, one could even say that prayers have become get-out-of-jail-free cards in terms of unsafe sex. And we’ve only just begun.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81340,"NEW YORK — New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg took to the airwaves on Friday to discuss how his administration’s efforts to make public housing increasingly inhospitable would lead to a substantial reduction both in crime and occupancy.

With Bloomberg’s original plan to stop and arrest anyone seemingly out of place in the housing units under review by the same judge that recently declared the NYPD’s stop-and-frisk practice unconstitutional, the mayor vowed to continue his indirect efforts to expel what he calls a “major blight from our fair city.”

“I hope Judge Scheindlin recognizes that the wrongful stops and arrests that inspired the lawsuit before her were not merely cases of indiscriminate racial profiling but were deliberate attempts to make living in public housing less appealing, so that tenants and their guests would decide to self-deport to places outside of New York.”

Currently, the New York City Housing Authority’s 334 buildings accommodate 5 percent of the city’s population but 20 percent of the overall crime. “The people that live there, most of them, want more police protection,” said Bloomberg during his weekly appearance on WOR Radio.

“What we really should have is fingerprinting to get in,” he suggested. “My guess is that very few would want to live under that level of stigmatization and would soon vacate, making room for new commercial real estate—the true lifeblood of the city.”

Not everyone agrees with the mayor’s plan, however. “Public housing residents, as well as their friends and family members visiting them, deserve the same level of respect from our mayor as any other New York City resident,” claimed Sherrilyn Ifill, president and director-counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.

Democratic mayoral candidates seeking to succeed Bloomberg also were quick to criticize the proposal. Former Comptroller Bill Thompson released a statement saying, “Just like stop-and-frisk, this is another direct act of treating minorities like criminals.”

“Mayor Bloomberg wants to make New Yorkers feel like prisoners in their own homes,” continued Thompson, an accusation with which Bloomberg disagrees on two counts.

“Firstly,” replied Bloomberg, “we’re only targeting certain undesirables, not all New Yorkers. And secondly, unlike prisoners, these individuals are free to pack up and go elsewhere whenever they want. Perhaps they’d feel more at home in Newark, New Jersey,” where, in 2012, there were 33.1 murders for every 100,000 citizens.

A similar plan to require fingerprints from food stamp applicants was struck down by Gov. Andrew Cuomo last year. Undaunted, Bloomberg maintains that the policies themselves are often less important than the implied disdain associated with the proposals.

Bloomberg insisted that “tenants should be grateful for this paternalistic nudge. Newark is a springboard for a better life. Just look at Newark Mayor Cory Booker, who is well on his way to becoming a U.S. Senator now.”

“Still,” noted Bloomberg, “for the obvious reasons, I would ask that Booker be patted down before he entered my house.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80116,"WASHINGTON – GOP Chairman Reince Priebus today announced that the Republican Party had officially adopted creationism as party platform. He urged all Republican candidates running for office in 2014 to push a strong anti-evolution message, believing it will be a winner in the voting booth.

“With the gay marriage issue going south for us, we need something new to grab voters’ attention,” said Priebus. “I am confident that running across the board as young-earth creationists who believe God made the world 6,000 years ago will propel us to victory.”

With Priebus at the announcement was the architect of the new plan, Robert Knight, a senior fellow/executive director at the American Civil Rights Union and columnist for the Washington Times. “Evolution is at the core of a left-wing, secular, humanist worldview that has been breathing down everybody’s necks in America for years [and telling us that] the best we can do is empower government to make our decisions for us,” he said. “That leads to terrible things like socialism and communism and fascism and Nazism and the more extreme forms of liberalism in this country.

“The country is ready to embrace creationism,” he added. “The numbers don’t lie.”

Knight has based this belief on a recent study from Pew Research that found that the percentage of Republicans who believe in evolution has dropped from 54 percent in 2009, to 43 percent today. “The Republicans have a great opportunity to say ‘Look, we’ve witnessed the collapse of a lot of lies that liberals have told over the years, and now we’re questioning evolution more than ever as a basis for people’s worldviews,’” he said. “By officially rejecting evolution, Republicans are positioning themselves at the forefront of this wave.”

While Priebus did not say that belief in evolution would be a disqualification for any candidate wishing to run as a Republican, he urged all elected GOP officials who have not embraced creationism to consider switching their views. “Just take a look deep in your hearts and ask yourself one simple question. Do you want to be primaried by a Tea Partier?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81377,"In a recent appearance on “The Jim Bakker Show,” Charisma magazine founder and CEO Steve Strang said that it is impossible for a person with “a biblical point of view” to vote for Hillary Clinton in the upcoming election. Donald Trump, on the other hand, is a wise and “humble” man who, according to Strang, has been the candidate chosen by God to lead the nation. “I believe,, as odd as it is, that God has raised him up” just as God raised up Abraham Lincoln to save the nation, he said.

“Because, it’s either that, or I really don’t know what else,” the Charisma magazine CEO suddenly changed his tune. “If you just take a look at his track record, you can clearly see that that man has done absolutely nothing noteworthy, noble, positive, or just good during his seven decades on this Earth. Sure, he managed to increase his own wealth, but that has nothing to do with doing good deeds. And, you know, that kind of made me wonder what the purpose of such a man on this planet actually is. And I can’t find one no matter how hard I try.”

“And I don’t know who it was that said it, but I recently heard a great wisdom that describes this situation perfectly,” Strang said. “It goes something like, ‘When every possibility has been ruled out, the one that remains is, by definition, the right one.’ And that’s exactly what you have with Donald Trump. The man has never done any good with his money, he hasn’t donated to charity, hasn’t’ given away anything, hasn’t fed the hungry, hasn’t made a difference, nothing at all. Therefore, the theory that God raised him up specifically to lead America into a new golden age holds water.”

Strang then turned to one of Trump’s many exploits, the reality TV show called Celebrity Apprentice. He argued that the billionaire businessman “didn’t create any value” with it, as well as that the great majority of his projects “end up in financial disasters.” “The man was obviously never intended to be a billionaire, but by some fluke of nature or destiny managed to end up as one,” he opined. “For the sake of comparison, take a look at Bill Gates. He’s donated millions to charity and continues to do so to this day. That’s the sort of man that deserves to have tons of money.”

“It doesn’t get more obvious than this in my book,” Strang also said. “If it walks like a duck, talks like a duck and has a beak and feathers, it’s a duck. And if it’s a man, and he has tons of money, would rather have his eyes gouged out than part with it and has never done good in any shape or form during his lifetime – it’s Donald Trump. But hey – God knows best, right? I’m sure He has a heck of a reason why he’d want a man like that to be the next American president. Because, if anything, Trump is religious. I bet he’ll even advise charging believers throughout the country entrance to churches and mosques and synagogues after he wins. You know, out of the goodness of his heart. And a hefty percentage, as well,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82216,"WASHINGTON — Following last week’s massive outpouring of support and attention surrounding cases involving marriage equality, the U.S. Supreme Court has felt it necessary to remind the public at large that it does not base its decisions on outpourings of support and attention – or the lack thereof. In a joint statement signed by all nine justices, the highest court in the land explained in no uncertain terms that petitions or placards either opposing or supporting gay marriage – or indeed any other issue before the bench – are about as useful as bumper-stickers on a snail.

“Grassroots campaigns, passionate marches, social media forums – these are all entirely useless in the eyes of the Court,” said Chief Justice John Roberts, writing for the unanimous majority. “[We] base [our] decisions exclusively on the testimony and arguments of those before us, as well as legal precedents and a careful reading of the U.S. Constitution. Even amicus briefs, to a large extent, are pissing in the wind. You all have wasted a lot of time, and you should be embarrassed.”

Designed specifically by the Founding Fathers to keep its members and their deliberations above the whims and sympathies of the rabble, the Supreme Court faces neither reward nor reckoning based on its rulings, which should, moreover, deal with defending and interpreting constitutional rights which are immune to votes, elections or those who have camped out longest to get a seat inside. Trying to influence such a body with crowd size, legal experts say, insults the very integrity of those rights.

“Imagine if your senator or your governor never again had to face reelection or care about what you think,” Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote in her concurring opinion. “OK, that’s me. Now, would you try to get all your friends to change their Facebook profile picture to somehow influence that senator, to convince her that the majority sides with you and you’re on the right side of history? No. And yet I’m still getting emails from groups I never heard of. Knock it off. I don’t read them, and you should get back to work.”

Sotomayor’s was one of seven agreeing statements sent out, along with Roberts’s. The only justice to remain silent was Clarence Thomas, who apparently did not want to damage his public reputation.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80799,"President Barack Obama’s political opponents quickly piled on after news emerged that a gunman had killed five police officers in Dallas, assailing him for his focus on gun control, his overseas trip, and his treatment of the law enforcement community. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) laid the blame for the shooting squarely in the hands of the perpetrators, while also suggesting that Obama, along with other public officials, take a look in the mirror. “I think all of us, the president included, should reexamine everything we’ve said, everything we’ve done up to this point to see if in our public discourse we’ve contributed in any way,” Rubio told reporters in Washington.

However, no matter how much the Florida senator tried, he still couldn’t help but attribute significantly more responsibility for the attack to the President of the United States: “Although, regardless of the fact that this is a time for all of us to unite and mourn those who gave their lives to eliminate the threat, I still have to point out that President Obama’s reaction to the Dallas shooting was, in lack of a better term, inadequate. Instead of siding with our police forces, who were only acting to protect protesters, he blatantly disregarded everything they were doing and sided with members of the Black Lives Matter movement.”

“I understand that he is half-black and that racial bonds go very deep, but at the end of the day, he is still the President of the United States, and that’s a position where you don’t get to have personal feelings, emotions or any kind of allegiance that goes above the devotion to your country,” Rubio opined. “In this case, I personally sympathize with the families of the police officers who were killed and wounded in the Dallas sniper attacks, as going out into the field every day and risking your life to maintain the peace and security of American streets takes an enormous amount of courage. If one of my family members had been killed in Dallas and if I had seen the president side with the ones who killed them, I would feel pretty upset, but most of all, disappointed and betrayed.”

Rubio then turned to urging President Obama to “change his ways” and “protect the ones who actually need his protection.” “I mentioned earlier that we should all take a look in the mirror. Well, I think that especially goes for our President, and I think he also needs to double-check, maybe even triple-check his reflection. He needs to make sure he still sees his other half that’s white, and I pray that will make him understand that he needs to stop supporting black assailants and start supporting police officers who risk their lives every day. Because, we white people take care of our own, and if he’s really half like us, he needs to tap into that part of himself,” Rubio concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80425,"“Focusing on hostages, refugees and others suffering in Ukraine, Africa and the Middle East, on Thursday Pope Francis prayed for hope and peace.

“The “Urbi Et Orbi” (Latin for “to the city and to the world) message was delivered by Francis in front of tens of thousands of tourists and Romans crowded into St. Peter’s Square. The pontiff delivered his traditional Christmas Day message from the central balcony of St. Peter’s Basilica. This year’s message was tempered by anguish for children who are victims of violence, including the recent terrorist attack on a Pakistani military school.

“The pope lamented that there were vast numbers of children who are “made objects of trade and trafficking” or forced to become soldiers. “Truly there are so many tears this Christmas”, he said after noting all the suffering and pain in the world.

“After celebrating Christmas Eve Mass late Wednesday night in St. Peter’s Basilica, Francis made a phone call to Iraqi refugees who were forced to leave their homes because of Muslim militants. Some time ago, Francis met with them at a tent camp in Ankawa in northern Iraq. Ankawa houses mostly Christian refugees forced to flee their homes because of the onslaught by ISIS militants.

“In a letter to Mideast Christians penned earlier this week, the pope urged them to remain in the region, where Christian communities have existed for 2,000 years, and to help their fellow Muslim citizens present “a more authentic image of Islam” as a religion of peace.

In the letter, the pope also warned that “even though they are experiencing exodus first hand, Iraqi Christians are still representatives of a religion.”

“Therefore, you must warn the Muslims to play nice and stop embarrassing Islam. Jihad is one thing, but acting like idiots will get them nowhere, especially when the whole world has got eyes on them. Tell them to pull themselves together soon, or it will be too late”, the letter contains.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80847,"REDWOOD CITY, Calif. – EA Sports has announced that next year’s installment of its popular NHL video game series will introduce Lockout Mode, an exciting new feature that promises to make the game more lifelike than ever before. The “NHL 14” video game is planned to be entirely unplayable, never turning on and responding to no commands. With the real NHL season questionable at best, given the stalemate in negotiations between the players and ownership, the announcement from EA Sports comes just in time for eager fans.

“With each release, the goal is to make the game more like the reality of NHL hockey,” said EA spokesperson Gary Hartman. “The dominant trend in today’s game is that the seasons don’t actually occur, so we’ve put a lot of work into reflecting that in ‘NHL 14.’”

While most yearly re-releases of the game involve only minor tweaks and updated rosters, this project took an enormous amount of effort. Engineers spent months painstakingly programming the game to make actual play entirely impossible.

“It’s more complex than it seems at first,” explained game designer Craig Simmons. “If you watch for long enough, and I mean for days at a time, there will be flickers on the screen, and tiny bits of activity that make you think the game might turn on. Of course, it never will. We’ve made sure of that.”

Engineers have given the players significantly more attributes and introduced some exciting new gameplay modes, which will never be seen. Also not functioning is the game’s soundtrack. The in-game fighting has also been improved, with players now able to engage in long-term disputes and debates in addition to blindly throwing punches at each other.

“It’s tough to sell a game that does absolutely nothing and still make it popular,” said Hartman. “But as far as I know, the real National Hockey League isn’t worried about this problem, so neither are we.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80558,"Recently on Daystar’s “Marcus and Joni,” Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson lashed out at critics who said that he would never have a chance to win the presidency. He said that instead of retiring, God opened the door for him to enter the presidential race “much to the consternation of all the professional class and all the pundits” who said it was “impossible” for a “political neophyte” like him to build a national campaign. “And yet, you see, it’s happening,” Carson said. “They don’t understand the power of God.”

Carson also said that “God is on my side and supports my presidency, which is something the American people has recognized, as demonstrated by results from a number of major polls.” Indeed, Carson has spiraled upwards to the very top of the Republican field, and is in close second place behind the current leader, real estate mogul Donald Trump.

“God is behind me and my intentions to make this country great once again,” he added. “Do not be mistaken, I prefer to let others speak of me, but I also believe that the official numbers on the polls have already shown the sentiments of Americans, as well as their priorities. They want a patriot who is educated, experienced and is not afraid to clash with those who aim to bring harm to the United States.”

The retired neurosurgeon also argued that God “is and will always be” behind every “Christian and righteous man” who aims to help others, “despite the fact that he failed to fight ISIS.”

“ISIS has gotten to a point where Russians had to step in and they are now doing the work we should be doing. But, as a Christian, I do not hold that against Him. I am aware that He’s got a lot on his plate and that it can be difficult to assist everyone everywhere all the time. That’s why I will handle ISIS for Him and in His name when I become President of the United States.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80899,"Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal regrets going off script to talk about “colored people during an address on education last month, although he doesn’t really regret using the term itself. In an interview with local station Fox 5 Atlanta, Deal says that when he talked about advancing “the state of colored people” in Georgia, he was […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81098,"Republican attacks on transgendered Americans and the religious fight to keep gender a binary delineation took a turn for the bizarre recently when Virginia Republican Mark Cole filed a bill that would force schools to check the genitals of their students in order to ensure that they are using facilities reserved for their “anatomical sex.” “Local school boards shall develop and implement policies that require every school restroom, locker room, or shower room that is designated for use by a specific gender to solely be used by individuals whose anatomical sex matches such gender designation,” part of the bill reads.

Commenting on his brainchild, Cole stated that “there is no other way to achieve total and utter gender separation, other than having an employee of the school physically present who would personally check each student’s genitals prior to allowing them to use the school facilities.” Adding that “we are not back in the Middle Ages” and that “technology is there to serve us and not the other way around,” the Virginia Republican also argued that “we better nip some of these problems in the bud.”

“I can’t really imagine how kids would feel if they were forced to display their private parts to an officer of the school every time they needed to take a pee,” he said. “I mean, can you imagine what that would be like? On one hand, you’d have thousands of kids doing that several times every day, and on the other hand, schools would actually have to hire people to look at students’ genitals. When I think about that as a job, I immediately start getting flashes of old perverts sexually harassing school students and all kinds of sick fantasies coming to life. This is not the Middle Ages, people, we have technology today that can do that for us.”

However, Cole also admitted that his system would not be without human input, at least at its inception: “X-ray scanners, on the other hand, would do the job perfectly. I mean, sure, at first we’d have to have someone monitoring the scans to make sure that everything is working without a hitch, but we’d soon upgrade the system into being completely human-free. In fact, instead of imposing the $$50 fine for anyone who tries to go into the wrong bathroom, we could also put dog zapping collars on students, and have the system automatically give them a little tiny electric shock if they were to attempt to enter the wrong bathroom. We’d sort those so-called transgender kids out in no time, trust me.”

And when a reporter asked about the fact that X-ray scanners are obsolete and can cause radiation poisoning, Cole waved his head and replied, “Oh come on, those kids use their cell phones 24/7, they’re already poisoned. And besides, it’s not like they’re not smoking or doing drugs. A little radiation never hurt anyone, those kids are tough, have no fear.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80560,"“Washington, D.C. – The leading Muslim civil liberties group in America called Monday for Republican Ben Carson to drop out of the presidential race after the retired neurosurgeon said this weekend that he doesn’t believe any Muslim should be president of the United States. Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, said the group is calling on Carson to “withdraw from the presidential race because he is unfit to lead, because his views are inconsistent with the United States Constitution.”

“Carson said Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that he “would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation. I absolutely would not agree with that.” He said he believed that Islam was “inconsistent with the values and principles of America” and inconsistent with the U.S. Constitution. He is currently a top contender for the GOP presidential nomination, taking third place with 14% of support in the latest CNN/ORC poll, released Sunday.

Speaking exclusively for Newslo, the retired neurosurgeon-turned-GOP-presidential-candidate stated that in addition to a Muslim candidate, he would also be “very much against a Jewish presidential candidate, as well as an atheist president, and most certainly I would not advocate that we put atheist-Jewish Bernie Sanders up for presidency either.”

Asked whether that means that, in his opinion, only a Christian president would be the right one for the United States, Carson replied: “Well, you know, there are many more religions in the world and especially in America than just the aforementioned ones. However, I do find that when it comes to our great nation, a Christian president is pretty much what we should stick with, since Obama obviously hasn’t done very well for us at all.”

“And as for Bernie Sanders,” Carson added, “I definitely do not believe that he would be a good choice, since the man himself can’t really decide if he’s Jewish or an atheist. So, you can imagine what a conundrum that would represent for Americans in general, let alone Christian or even Jewish ones. But anyway, I hear he’s gaining voters consistently, I think he’s even managed to tie with Hillary Clinton. Good for him, but unfortunately for him and fortunately for Americans nationwide, he’s not even close to where he needs to be. So, I think we’re safe for now.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80095,"Washington-Less than a month after House Speaker John Boehner said the U.S. would have “no choice” but to put “boots on the ground” when President Obama’s strategy for combating ISIS inevitably fails, Boehner has announced plans for select members of Congress to infiltrate the terrorist organization.

Late last month, in an interview with George Stephanopulos, the House Speaker criticized the President for saying he wouldn’t send in ground troops and instead would rely on American air strikes. After saying he would never announce to the world what he wouldn’t do as President, Boehner opined that American troops would have to be committed to the ground, stating that “We have no choice. These are Barbarians. They intended to kills us. And if we don’t destroy them first, we’re going to pay the price.”

Earlier today Boehner held a press conference, announcing an alternate plan, called Operation Gridlock, to combat ISIS.

“The fact is we’ve waited for this president to take the right stance, and once again he’s shown us he’d rather hold hands with America’s enemy than bring them to justice.” said Boehner, explaining that he, and a number of “personally selected” congressmen would paratroop into various places in the Middle East where ISIS presence is strongest. Once there they would then infiltrate the terrorist organization and slow down its work by “99 percent”.

“We’ve got an All-Star cast going into the belly of the beast. A real who’s who of politicians who know how to stop things from getting done.” said Boehner. “They’re going to work their way up the ranks very quickly.”

Laying out the details for Operation Gridlock Boehner stated that this wouldn’t be a “cloak and silencer CIA thing”.

“When Rand Paul tries to get in good with ISIS he’s going to do so as Rand Paul. Very quickly these ISIS members are going to find we’re not so different from them. We both want forms of government based upon religious values, and neither of us can stand seeing women walking around like they are people or something. Once we build that trust it’ll all be over.”

Later elaborating on the strategy further Boehner said:

“Once they accept us we start very, very long debates, over things that would seem impossible to debate. For instance say ISIS wants to harm an American city. Well we simply argue that American city doesn’t exist. It was just a rumor started up by map makers who were trying to help their profession prosper. Then we’ve got them arguing about the ethics of map makers, and nothing tangible gets done that day.”

After Boehner’s press conference the President immediately held his own in response to Operation Gridlock.

“You know I love this idea.” said the President from the Rose Garden, “It’s about time military families whose lives have been disrupted this last decade see that we here in Washington are willing to sacrifice too. In fact I’d like to see the House Speaker off as quickly as possible. They honed their gridlock abilities here, now it’s time for them to get to work.”

The second conference quickly came to an end as ten men with wagons full of documents and folders wheeled them out to the President.

“Hey Mister President where do you want these laws you’ve been trying to get passed for the last six years?” asked one of the men.

“Oh, no bring those back in side.” responded Obama, “all those congressmen haven’t left yet, some are still mucking up the gears.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81356,"New Fox & Friends host Elisabeth Hasselbeck on Tuesday suggested that “the left” was trying to make Monday’s mass shooting at the Washington Navy Yard about “gun control,” when what the country really needed was a registry to track video game…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81477,"SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)

This week: You’re on your own this week, because your guardian, Mars, is in the House of Pancakes.

Love: That girl you’ll meet online? That girl to whom you’ll send a picture of your dick? “She” is a morally ambiguous, morbidly obese IT guy from Minot.

Career: Good news is delayed when your boss realizes he doesn’t have any for you.

Money: You’re so broke, your style is more “Downton Shabby.”

Lucky numbers: 3, 6, 9

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)

This week: Your Florida vacation will be cut short when you realize you have to wear a bathing suit in public.

Love: Get your mind, body and soul ready for love…by waxing EVERYTHING.

Career: It will be embarrassing when you take the company’s “balls to the wall” philosophy too literally. And you’ll have to clean off that wall.

Money: You need to rethink keeping your money in the “Bank of My Mattress.”

Lucky numbers: deez nuts

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb 18th)

This week: Try using your charm for more than just free drinks.

Love: The way to a woman’s heart is not “through the butthole.”

Career: Stop violating the copier.

Money: Don’t measure your self-worth by the amount of money you have. Because then you’re worth nothin’!

Lucky Numbers: 0000

PISCES (Feb. 19-Mar. 20)

This week: You will cease ordering from HSN just so you can talk to someone and do it just for your love of Isaac Mizrahi.

Love: If you love and accept yourself, you’ll feel better that no one can stand you.

Career: Your office is not “Mad Men.” It’s “Sad Men.”

Money: You’re too old to sell candy on the subway for “basketball money.”

Lucky Numbers: 1960

ARIES (Mar. 21-Apr. 19)

This week: Don’t get carried away this week; you’ll hurt someone’s back, chub chub!

Love: I ain’t saying she’s a gold digger, but… she has on a prospector’s hat.

Career: At work, don’t be anti-social. Be Uncle Friendly!

Money: If you pay me $$1000, I’ll stop doing awful puns.

Lucky Numbers: I mean it.

TAURUS (Apr. 20-May 20)

This week: Quit telling people you were the sixth N’Sync member.

Love: With a little hope and faith, you’ll have a pretty groovy threesome!!

Career: There’s a 50/50 chance that literally kissing your manager’s ass will pay off.

Money: It’s a gas. Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash.

Lucky numbers: 50, 50

GEMINI: (May 21-June 20)

This week: You will reach a new level of maturity when you redecorate and throw out that “Certified Muff Diver” diploma.

Love: The waitress at Fridays is going to figure out you’re dating her for cheap wings.

Career: Up your personal power by beating the shit out of your superiors.

Money: You shouldn’t cheat on your taxes if you made less than your deductions.

Lucky numbers: 1099

CANCER (June 21-July 22)

This week: You will realize that your dog committed suicide by jumping in front of that car.

Love: Admit it, your romantic vibes are battery powered.

Career: The ability to “make a bong out of anything” is not a skill you should list on a job application.

Money: Money can’t buy you love. But it can buy you sex. You knew that, though…

Lucky Numbers: K-9

LEO: (July 23-Aug. 22)

This week: People are still laughing behind your back because you thought Molly Hatchet was a lady band.

Love: This weekend, you’ll finally quit your lying. You are not a model for blow up dolls.

Career: When you whistle too hard while you work, you will blow out your sphincter.

Money: There’s no disability payment for a blown out sphincter.

Lucky Numbers: 36, 24, 36

VIRGO: (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)

This week: Alex Trebek is not threatening you through the television.

Love: The opposite sex will see you in a better light if the lights are off.

Career: Nothing is beyond your capabilities. Except really hard things.

Money: Your investments suck. $$200,000 in a roller disco? Really?

Lucky numbers: Daily double

LIBRA: (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)

This week: You continue to celebrate the Oscars this week by randomly insulting ethnicities.

Love: You have to stop going up to women and whispering “sweet nothings” in their ears, because that is literally all you’re saying.

Career: You can’t miss work to go to the funeral for Muzak.

Money: Go boldly where you have not gone before, like out of debt.

Lucky numbers: -5

SCORPIO: (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)

This week: Keep to your morals and ethics, as weak as they are.

Love: Take your Low-T pills before you go out; not at the bar.

Career: What you do for a living helps others, no matter how much money you make. So keep janitor-ing. That puke won’t clean up itself.

Money: Money will follow you if you dress like sexy money!

Lucky Numbers: Hot $$20",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80041,"In this day and age, it is completely mind-blowing that the population of a country anywhere in the world trusts its government at all, let alone a lot. But, according to a recent poll conducted by Fox News, the great majority of the population, which is to say almost 95%, has no suspicion whatsoever that their government is concealing information from them of any kind, and especially information pertaining to the Ebola outbreak in Africa. Additionally, the results of the poll also suggest that the great majority of people support the motion to ban travel to and from the Ebola-stricken countries, and that’s where things get really interesting.

When it comes to the numbers, over 92% of American voters have full confidence in their elected officials and aren’t in the least suspicious that important information could potentially be hidden from them by their own government.

Dana Blanton of Fox News states that “US voters have a great deal of experience when it comes to the truthfulness of the President and Senate, which is why they are not concerned at all about the fact that an Ebola victim is currently being treated for the deadly virus in a hospital in Dallas, Texas”.

Furthermore, in excess of three-quarters of voters (specifically, 93%) aren’t at all worried about the possibility that the Ebola virus could potentially spread across the country, with more than 80% of them believing firmly that the government possesses all the necessary capacities to deal with a nation-wide epidemic.

For example, when Joshua Atkinson, 35, from Washington D.C. was asked what inspired such confidence in the American government, he replied “well, those guys seem to know what they’re doing, otherwise they wouldn’t be the government. I mean, just look at what happened on 9/11; things could have really gone bad back then”.

Similarly, Janice Rodriguez, 43, from Miami, Florida also has faith in the actions of the government: “I lost both of my sons in Iraq. But, the way I see it, it was a necessary sacrifice in a war against pure evil. I have no regrets and I find solace in knowing that my boys gave their lives for a better world. The government kept no secrets and knew what it was doing then, and it’s doing the same right now. It trust it completely”.

In a time when politics is on shaky foundations, the US government enjoys the total confidence of its people. Then again, the same happened with Kennedy. Go figure.

Do you trust Your government? Yes

No View Results",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80422,"“There’s a huge difference between being employed as the president of one of the most powerful nations in the world, and running a shoe store“",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80579,"The world of casinos is often stranger than fiction and almost every gambler has a tale about their time in a casino. These can range from the believable to the downright insane as fortunes are won and lost within the betting arena. The following are some of the best, and worst, tales about these gambling establishments.

There are few tales as heart-warming as the rags to riches story of a hardworking businessman. In 1932 Harry Watanabe created a store that would go on to be sold on the stock market for a fortune. Upon his death this passed to his son, who amassed $$2million of debt with a casino. When it came time to pay up he blamed the casino, stating that they encouraged him to gamble even when intoxicated. They eventually came to an out of court settlement of $$127million, which accounted for one of the largest losing streaks in Vegas.

There are a variety of online casino sites that let their players into virtual casinos, though one did not anticipate the age of their smallest patron. Aashish Nanak won a reported half a million dollars in an online poker room but it was snatched away when the operator found out that he was only eight years old. The family are currently in a legal battle with the anonymous operator to unlock the cash, as they state that the site knew the player was underage. They state the username that Aashish used, littlepokerwizard, was indicative of his age and the site was aware of that.

The Borgata Hotel and Spa in Atlantic City saw one of the most unlikely streaks in casino history when grandmother, Patricia Demauro stepped up to the table. She rolled a 154 streak of winning dice before walking away with all of her winnings. The word unlikely is a little underwhelming in this situation, as the odds of this happening sit at 1.56 trillion to one. She never disclosed the amount that she won, though experts think that it was well over hundreds of thousands.

If you’ve ever thought about selling everything that you own and placing it all on one spin of the roulette wheel then you’d be following in the footsteps of Ashley Revell. This professional gambler went on a documented journey and sold his possessions, placing them all on red 7. He kept the money and created an online poker site of his own, unlike these winners. The television show Red or Black is said to have been based on his experience, as players bet their life savings on a single spin of the wheel.

The successful courier company FedEx was near bankruptcy in 1974, with only $$5K left to its name. The CEO decided to take a gamble, literally, and went to Vegas – turning this $$5K into $$34K and allowing the company to continue. This was all they needed to thrive and they soon started reporting millions worth of profit. The winnings were just enough to buy the company enough time to find a new potential investor, who got them out of hot water.

One man who didn’t know the meaning of walking away from the poker table was Phil Laak, who played the game for 115 hours straight. This was a charity attempt and a shot at the Guinness World Record, which he broke after nearly five days at the table. The record holder was only given one 5 minute break per hour but he kept his streak going and won cash for his chosen charity. He was playing for Camp Sunshine who help children with terminal illnesses enjoy a holiday filled with adventure. During the streak Laak even accumulated more cash for the organisation by completing extra challenges for more money.

We’ve all heard of beginners luck but one Vegas gambler took this phrase to the extreme. Jessica Agbunag headed to Vegas for the first time in 2008 and ended up leaving with a jackpot of $$2.4million. The bet that brought this in was just $$16 of the young girl’s money and the slot machines were the ones to pay out. The trip was as a memory of her late grandmother and she thought that the winnings came from her.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82600,"In his final campaign push before the South Carolina Republican presidential primary on Saturday, Sen. Ted Cruz once again trotted Duck Dynasty star Phil Robertson, showering the controversial reality TV star with praise. Robertson dedicated his speech at the Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, campaign event to ranting about the evils of premarital sex and how men need to marry a “clean” woman.

“You know, there’s a reason he terrifies the mainstream media,” Cruz said. “He says the things you’re not supposed to say. He actually remembers who we are as Americans and just speaks it with a joy, not with anger, not with a hatred, with a joy in who we are.”

“As a matter of fact,” Cruz added, “I’m thinking of appointing Robertson as ambassador to the United Nations in my administration. To be perfectly honest, I can’t think of a better person for the job, especially since he is not a politician. That means that he is unhindered by the guidelines of conventional diplomacy, and in my book, we need someone like that, someone who’s not afraid to speak their mind, representing our interests in the UN. And in case anyone is wondering what we’d do with Robertson in the UN, I’ll tell you right away – he could teach all those Africans about the benefits of having a clean woman, because they obviously couldn’t care less about that sort of thing. We’d be ending a huge problem that way.”

Asked to elaborate on his rhetoric, Cruz replied, “What I meant was, statistically speaking, if you look at where more than 90% of epidemics originate, it’s somewhere in Africa. And when I say that, I don’t take into consideration the conspiracy theorists who say that the Ebola epidemic and similar outbreaks were manufactured in a lab and unleashed onto the population, not even for a second. I’m talking real numbers here. Now, why do you think Africa is the staging point for all of them? It’s because of the people who live there, throughout the continent. There are a lot of diseases there because those people don’t even have the most basic hygienic requirements met, and that’s exactly the kind of environment in which viruses and diseases thrive. After all, that’s also why most Europeans and North Americans quickly become infected – they don’t have the immunity to withstand it.”

“So,” Cruz continued, “I’m seriously thinking about sending Robertson off to the UN, so he could establish some sense of order in Africa. You all heard his speech today. The man knows what he’s talking about, I dare even say he’s got a valid point. So, who better for the job than him? And another thing – because of the hygienic apocalypse that has been going on throughout Africa, we now have AIDS as a consequence. One of the most severe diseases that has plagued the human race in history today exists solely because of how dirty the peoples of Africa are. And the sad part is – they don’t even care about it. The men keep sleeping with infected women and keep spreading the virus as if it was nothing. That’s why we need someone with a firm hand to take control of things, to rule them with an iron fist and to teach them how to pick out the clean females. And I’ve got just the man for it. So, don’t go dismissing him before he’s even started the job.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81781,"GRAPEVINE, Tex. — In a surprise “compromise” move, the leaders of the Boy Scouts of America this week voted to change their policy and accept bisexual scouts into the (kerchief) fold. The 1,400 local Scout leaders met outside of Dallas to consider amending their long-standing ban on gay members, but no one expected the intriguing and graphic proposal they generated.

The group had proposed allowing openly queer scouts without retracting its ban on homosexual adult Scout leaders, a suggestion that drew fire from both conservative groups and gay-rights advocates. Spokesman Jared Bryant said the Scouts believe opening their organization to “young campers who like a little of this and a little of that” might appease both sides.

“Lots of things can happen around a campfire, so long as you’re sure the other guy also loves girls. It’s time the Scouts acknowledge that,” Bryant said. “If one of our 16- or 15- or 12-year old scouts has himself a girlfriend, but he wants to fool around with boys on the weekend – I mean, what is camping for?”

The Boy Scouts’ new policy comes with elaborate testing and initiation procedures, which one insider described as “harrowing and hair-raising.” The Scouts had long treated heterosexuality as an integral part of their moral code, and it appears any effort to shift that could have profound implications for their youngest members.

“Of course we’ll have some full-on gay boys trying to pass themselves off as bi,” Bryant said. “Don’t worry – we have a new ritual we call ‘Hair of the Dog’ that should clear that right up.”

The Scouts plan to introduce a new “Switch Hitter” merit badge in the fall.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80129,"During an interview on “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) claimed that it was the American people who made Senate Republicans refuse to give President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court pick, Judge Merrick Garland, a hearing. “The tradition had been not to confirm vacancies in the middle of a presidential [election] year,” McConnell told host Chuck Todd. “You’d have to go back 80 years to find the last time it happened…Everyone knew, including President Obama’s former White House counsel, that if the shoe had been on the other foot, [Democrats] wouldn’t have filled a Republican president’s vacancy in the middle of a presidential election.”

However, the Majority Leader also added that there was another reason why the vote didn’t take place. “You know, I think the whole world is well aware of the fact that, despite being one of the youngest nations out there, America has a lot of traditions and unwritten rules we like to abide by,” he said. “And in addition to not confirming vacancies during an election year, there is another very important reason why I think the people of America didn’t allow it to happen. And as a Republican, I’m obligated to point out that that reason makes me very proud to be an American and a politician at the same time.”

He continued, “It is my firm belief that whoever wants to be considered for the position of a Supreme Court of the United States Justice must also uphold patriotism and the fear of God as their core instincts. And therein lies the reason why I think what happened with Judge Garland was actually a good thing. Far be it for me to discuss the personal traits of the man, but I think everybody who’s ever met him are painfully aware of the fact that he couldn’t care less about what God thinks of him and his actions. I’m not saying he’s an atheist, but there’s something clearly very wrong with his faith, if he even has any to begin with. So, I think that it was a good thing he didn’t get the chance to be elected as a Justice.”

“While we’re on the subject,” McConnell also said, “I also have to point out that it’s kind of absurd to raise the question of why we never seem to put former President Barack Obama’s SCOTUS nominates to the vote. At the end of the day, the man never ever suggested a God-fearing candidate in his life, be it for something as vital as a Justice position or as insignificant as a White House staff member. I would even go so far as to make the argument that he did that on purpose, because he wanted to corrupt one of the highest and most prestigious legislative and judicial institutions in this country. I’m not a conspiracy theorist; I’m just stating the facts as I saw them.”

“At the end of the day, we’re talking here about a man who thought it was a good idea to sway the Supreme Court in favor of liberal justices. What does that tell you about him? It tells me that he was up to no good. And I think we’re very lucky Donald Trump came along when he did, because now at least we won’t have to worry about having a liberal-leaning SCOTUS. On the downside, at the rate President Trump is going, we might soon end up not needing a Supreme Court at all. But, we should fight one battle at a time. Who knows, maybe it will be for the better,” McConnell concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80283,"ALBANY, N.Y. – Donald Trump took to the Twitterverse this week to announce that he would not be running for governor of New York, citing his fear of “competing against an actual human being for public office.” Perhaps this is a wise move for Trump, who, along with Republican candidate Rob Astorino, trailed incumbent governor […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
83050,"“The Khamenei is no longer at risk of death; even if the original leader dies, there are clones who can replace him now. And I am proud to say that this is just the beginning. Soon, we will possess the technology to clone the most important people in Iran in a very short time.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81311,"NEW YORK – New York City Council Speaker and mayoral hopeful Christine Quinn today introduced her new retail venture, Christine Quinn’s Issue Emporium, a one-stop shop for purchasing any and all of her stances on important issues facing New York City.

“That’s right,” said Quinn. “We’re having the biggest sale this side of Jesse Jackson Jr. If City Council can legislate it, you can buy it.”

Quinn opened the East Village outlet to better reach lobbyists, corporations, and even much-overlooked New York City residents who desire to purchase the Councilwoman’s stance on issues. “I’ve done so much for my political donors over the years that I decided I should have a storefront,” said Quinn. “You know, take democracy to the people. Or the corporations. Whoever has the money.”

“Hell, even if you don’t think we can legislate it, come by and make an offer,” she added. “The laws in New York City are elastic. Take Bloomberg’s third term, for instance.”

Among the first to take advantage of the store’s low prices and fantastic customer service were business executives opposing mandatory paid sick days. Though Quinn has repeatedly prevented legislation on this issue from coming to a vote in City Council over the last three years, CB Richard Ellis CEO Mary Ann Tighe, MacAndrews and Forbes senior vice president Christine Taylor, and Estee Lauder executive Sally Sussman purchased Quinn’s continued support for $$33,550, $$48,000, and $$126,000 respectively.

“It was a high ticket item,” admitted Sussman. “But when I saw it sitting on the shelf, I knew I had to have it.”

The purchase instantly outraged thousands of cow-eyed New York City residents who saw it reported in the Metro, a free newspaper distributed on trains. In response, residents pulled their money together to purchase Quinn’s support of the paid sick days legislation which they found sitting on a bottom shelf behind some of the Councilwoman’s educational policies.

To accommodate the residents’ crafty purchase, Quinn is now allowing the vote to happen, secure in the fact that Mayor Michael Bloomberg has promised to veto the proposal. “I’m having my cake and eating it, too,” said Quinn.

Other recent customers at Christine Quinn’s Issue Emporium include Coca-Cola, which purchased a position against Bloomberg’s soda-size restriction initiative. In response to their purchase, Quinn said, “It’s a super bad plan, the plan he had. It’d really hurt…I think it was Coca-Cola who bought that position. Wait. I mean small businesses. It’d hurt small businesses. The middle class, am I right?”

Giving a tour of her emporium, Quinn pointed out spots where you could purchase her support of the UES waste station, buy a dinner with City Council members, secure a cabinet consideration, and other high-end items you once had to purchase behind closed doors.

“We’re going to be the most open and honest campaign ever,” she said. “I’m out there asking the citizens, ‘What issues are most important to you? How much are you willing to pay for them?’”

She pointed toward a wooden barrel near the door. “In there are $$5 gift certificates in the shape of Manhattan. You can turn those in any time and I’ll say, ‘New York City is the greatest city in the world.’ Cute, right?”

“We take all major credit cards,” she added.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81256,"Thank you for having me here today. I appreciate all of you the same way I appreciate working with and around deadlines. In this hectic day and age, it’s good to be on the forefront of what gives a news story legitimacy, like facts, details, facts, and accuracy. At the Post, we call this “Faccuracy,” […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81506,"NEW YORK — Declaring that they “really mean it this time,” NBC announced this month that Jay Leno will be retiring as host of “The Tonight Show” in the spring of next year. In the same breath, however, the struggling network weakened its credibility by saying Jimmy Fallon would fill Leno’s spot as host.

Saying they “understand that everyone is a little confused,” NBC officials insist that Leno “really will be retiring,” and that the man they honestly intend to replace him with is Fallon.

“I’m not sure what to make of all this,” said TV critic Jennifer Gilbert. “It’s definitely time for Leno to step down and next spring makes sense – right after the winter Olympics and all. But Fallon? It certainly looks Jay might get his old job back again, again. It’s a little late for April Fools’, I can tell you that.”

In June of 2009, Conan O’Brien took over as host of “The Tonight Show” and Leno moved to prime-time. But Leno was unhappy, and his new show earned poor ratings, so a scheme was hatched to put “The Jay Leno Show” on at 11:35 p.m. Eastern and move the “The Tonight Show” to 12:05 a.m. O’Brien balked at this plan to hold “Tonight” until tomorrow and quit.

Leno has been host “The Tonight Show” ever since, and he may well be again, if NBC’s plans to replace him with “Taxi” star and “Saturday Night Live” alum Fallon are genuine.

“Johnny Carson he’s not, but we might as well call Leno the once and future king of late night,” Gilbert says. “It looks to me like he’ll be hosting for years to come.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80295,"NEW YORK — After losing several key electoral races, including the presidency, conservatives are starting to wonder if a racist, sexist, homophobic message was somehow the wrong approach to take in winning a popular vote. This revelation has caused prominent Republicans to apparently flip on key issues, particularly those affecting Latino voters, who voted overwhelmingly in favor of the President. Perhaps most unexpected was Fox News pundit Sean Hannity’s announcement that he now favors a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.

“We learned some hard truths on Election Day,” said Hannity during his Thursday night show. “For whatever reason, Latinos did not respond to our message of ‘Go back to Mexico.’ This just isn’t the country we grew up in anymore—the country where race-baiting and segregation were short-cuts to political office.”

But some have been critical of Hannity’s convenient post-election epiphany. “Yes, I was all for self-deportation and carding brown people last Monday,” defended Hannity, “but I don’t think it’s shameful opportunism to change my position days after finding out that platform loses elections. It’s very shameless, in fact.”

“President Obama has some great ideas,” admitted House Speaker and newfound moderate John Boehner. “And I just realized that 48 hours after Election Day. Isn’t that interesting? I don’t think so.”

But Boehner insists his values are consistent. “Listen, I still want to electrify the border fence and treat immigrants like dirt. I’m still a Republican. But you can’t say that out loud and expect to keep your seat. I see that now.”

Analysts say expressing the GOP platform was perhaps the key tactical blunder made by Republicans this election cycle. “Conservatives remain resolute in our values,” Hannity said to Newslo. “But those values are offensive to most voters.”

Insiders predict the façade of moderation will be felt party-wide. Republican National Committee Chairman and guy you want to punch really hard in the mouth, Reince Priebus, says the GOP will be taking less extreme stances on the issues in the future. Priebus says the party is even entertaining the idea of changing its official motto—It’s Good to be White—to something more inclusive.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82945,Hilliard says that he was excited when the “small voice of the Holy Spirit” told him that God would “release favor” for anyone who helped upgrade the blades on the church’s helicopter.,politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81596,"The archbishop of Minnesota’s two biggest cities argued that the devil is to blame for the legalization of marriage equality in the state, Minnesota CityPages reported on Friday. “Sodomy, abortion, contraception, pornography, the redefinition of…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81361,"Conspiracy talk radio host Glenn Beck said Tuesday that he isn’t sure why he’s been labeled a conspiracy theorist in the media, but he’s pretty sure it’s the result of a “concentrated effort” somehow coordinated by the White House. Building on his theory that CNN secretly orchestrated an…",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82211,"“Muscatine, Iowa – Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton revealed on Tuesday that she sent most of her Republican rivals a copy of her book Hard Choices so they can learn about her accomplishments as secretary of state. “I have now sent each of them a copy of my book, Hard Choices,” Clinton said as the audience erupted in laughter. “You know, there were so many of them that they could have a book club.”

“Clinton and her staff came up with the idea shortly after the second Republican debate last month. The books were sent to every Republican presidential candidate, except Donald Trump. According to a Clinton aide, Trump was not included because he was too stupid to understand the intricate meaning of the book. “Along with each book, Clinton sent a personalized letter.

“I understand that you and your fellow Republican candidates for president were questioning my record of accomplishment at your last debate, so I thought you might enjoy reading my book,” the letter read. Hard Choices was published in 2014, following Clinton’s four-year term as secretary of state.

Commenting exclusively for Newslo on why Donald Trump was not included in the list of the book’s recipients, the former secretary of state said that she “wasn’t sure whether Mr. Trump possessed the mental capacity to grasp everything depicted in the book, as the storyline encapsulates personal choices that were extremely difficult to make and consequentially, live with.”

“I just don’t think he’d understand what I wanted to say,” Clinton simplified her words. “I realize that he is a powerful and rich businessman, but if you bothered to listen to more than one of his speeches, you’d realize that he keeps spinning the same phrases and points over and over. He’s going to build a wall, he’s going to create jobs, he’s going to get revenge on China and most importantly, he’s going to do it all within a year or so from becoming president. Does any normal human being actually believe such things are possible in such a short period of time?”

She continued: “I realize he is currently leading the polls, but that has nothing to do with his political prowess or his experience. He is simply telling people what they want to hear, without actually backing his words up with anything concrete. Every word that comes out of his mouth no matter where he pronounces it is bitter, angry and idiotic, which leads me to believe that his brain hasn’t reached full development yet; he sounds as though he’s stuck at the mental level of a rebellious, hormonal teenage girl.”

“And speaking of his so-called business and negotiation skills,” Clinton added, “I’m inclined to believe that it is nothing more than just luck. He is not an intelligent man and the only reason why he’s a billionaire is because luck would have it that he should emerge because of his idiotic persistence. The fact that he’s a racist, misogynist, and speaks very derogatory of women is just an added bonus to his disgusting personality. If he becomes president by some miracle, we’re looking at a world war almost instantly – that’s how diplomatic his negotiation skills can be.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81450,"WASHINGTON — With Fox News Host Chris Wallace this week using the 50-year anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech to ask if it was time for the government to stop giving preferential treatment to minorities, a legion of Fox News personalities have taken up the call and are now pushing for an end to black privilege.

“One of the questions is how much longer the government should give special treatment to minorities,” Wallace asked Fox News contributor Kirsten Powers. When she responded by pointing out that unemployment has historically been higher for African Americans than for White Americans, Wallace turned to former-Senator Scott Brown. “At what point have we gone as far as the country, as the government, needs to go in putting a thumb on the scale, if you will?” he asked. “At what point do we, in effect, say, ‘you’re on your own?'”

Wallace’s inspired rant served as a wake-up call for his fellow Fox News hosts.

“God love Chris for speaking truth to power,” said Fox News Host Sean Hannity. “In 2010, CNN reported that white Americans were worth as much as 22 times more than African-Americans. But do we get 22 times the special laws and regulations in our favor? I think not!”

“The liberal elite has infiltrated the government over the past 30 years and used their pagan ways to give black people the best of everything,” said noted conservative pundit Ann Coulter. “It’s time we stand up and take our country back. We’re White! We’re Right! Go F$$&@ Yourself!”

Despite the fact that white families tend to earn twice as much income as African-American families, Fox News Host Bill O’Reilly told his audience that the government, and particularly the administration of President Barack Obama, had fixed the American way of life to favor minorities. “Everywhere you look, the government is forcing us to do them favors. We can’t discriminate against black people in hiring decisions, but is there any law saying you can’t discriminate against white people? You’ve got affirmative action getting dumb, poor black kids into college over smart, upper-middle class white kids. Christ, if it weren’t for nepotism, we’d have nothing left!”

Building on Wallace’s claim that the government has been ‘putting a thumb on the scale’ to favor minorities, Fox News proudly unveiled their “Take Off Their Thumbs!” campaign, which they hope will lead to white people being given the same advantages members of the minority elite have enjoyed for the past 30 years.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80470,"WASHINGTON — Americans are expressing shock and amazement at the revelation that a number of Republican Senators may actually care more about the people they represent than they do about Americans for Tax Reform founder and president Grover Norquist.

“It just doesn’t seem possible,” said registered Republican Reginald Black of Tucson, Arizona. “I’m a nobody. Just some dumb, middle-class voter with dreams of a better life. Why would they care what I think? I need to sit down.”

The stunning turn of events began when Senator Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) suggested that he was perhaps open to maybe, possibly, sort of, almost closing some minor, insignificant, you’ll-barely-notice-they’re-gone tax loopholes in order to save the country from financial ruin. This move would go against the no-tax pledge he signed 20 years ago at the well-oiled feet of lobbyist Norquist.

When asked about breaking the pledge, Chambliss was quoted as saying, “I care too much about my country. I care a lot more about it than I do Grover Norquist.” He then added, “This won’t get back to him, right? You’re not recording this?”

Tennessee Senator Bob Corker piled on when speaking to CBS’s Charlie Rose. “I’m not obligated to the pledge,” he said. “And if Grover Norquist has a problem with that, I have six years to grovel for his forgiveness before I go up for re-election. I’m not sweating it.”

Norquist, who famously once said he wanted to shrink government until he could ‘drown it in a bathtub,’ is not taking the growing rebellion lightly. Chambliss’ rebuke in particular seems to have stung him.

“He is as clumsy as he is stupid,” Norquist said in a deep, booming voice between mechanical rasps of breath. “Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate him.” To that end, Norquist is already reportedly trolling trailer parks and bowling alleys in search of possible Tea Party candidates to challenge dissenting Republicans.

Some allies have advised Norquist to be flexible with his tax pledge as the government races toward the ‘fiscal cliff.’

“The more you tighten your grip, the more Senators will slip through your fingers,” once-relevant Republican Newt Gingrich told Norquist at a recent event.

Norquist reportedly replied, “I find your lack of faith disturbing.”

Despite Norquist’s public confidence in the solvency of his tax pledge and Republicans’ allegiance to his empire, cracks are evident, leaving Americans to struggle to adapt to this new paradigm.

“Learning that Republicans care about ordinary citizens is like learning Darth Vader is Luke’s father,” said Ernie White of Palm Springs. “I’m utterly flabbergasted. What are they going to say next? That Obama was born in America? I just don’t know if I can live in a world where Republicans aren’t crazy.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
82264,"The $$15 minimum wage is going into effect in several cities starting today, and the panel at Fox Business’ Varney & Co. were simply horrified by it. Speaking from Bermuda, panelist John Layfield explained that there is no minimum wage in the country and it’s an economic paradise where children work for tips. “There actually isn’t a minimum wage here, right now,” Layfield said. “You see some of these young kids – I run a program for at-risk kids – down, sacking groceries, about age 12, and they work off tips. So there isn’t actually a minimum wage here. And it actually works fine.”

“Therefore, I think we ought to stop with the minimum wage BS in our country as well,” Layfield continued. “Because, it’s the perfect example of a measure that’s meant to improve the position of the average American, when in reality, it’s doing way more harm than good. Employers are pressured to pay more money on salaries, whereas the $$15 minimum barely keeps workers alive. We don’t need that in the States.”

“So, what do you propose instead?” panelist Elizabeth McDonald asked. Layfield replied, “What I’ve always proposed and what our country was built on.” “And what’s that? Freedom of choice?” she added. “Don’t be daft. In two words – voluntary slavery,” he argued. “If Americans want to feel like they have a choice, then they should feel that way. Because, there’s no worker like one who’s convinced that he’s making a killing and gets to keep his self-esteem while, in reality, he’s just making money for his employer. That’s the definition of an ideal employee.”

Asked to elaborate, the panelist stated that “what’s so great about America and, at the same time, the reason why so many other nations are envious of us, is the fact that people get to do whatever they want to do in our country. That’s what makes the United States the greatest country in the world. So, if people want to work for peanuts, they should be given the opportunity to do so. Because, we’re always on about how freedom is the right of all sentient beings. Well, so is the other side of that medal.”

While the other panelists were giving each other looks that were saying “Is he for real?”, Layfield continued. “Here’s what I mean. Let’s take African Americans as an example. Today there are more African Americans in prison than ever before, black on black crime rates are up and we’re nearing racial riots every time an arrest has to take place. I ask you, did we have any of that back in our cotton-picking days? No. And the reason why we didn’t have any of that is because black slaves were doing most of the picking. They didn’t have time to write rap music and wear 10-pound gemstone necklaces around their neck like they were conceived in a Swarovski factory. Things were better.”

“They were hard at work, helping to make this country greater. In return, slavery was abolished. And if you ask me, that’s when things went south for us, because we have deprived our population of a very significant choice in life. We can’t all be leaders, some of us were simply born to follow. And slavery is nature’s way of making sure nobody gets the wrong role. That’s what we need to bring back, not this minimum wage nonsense. A good whip and some old-fashion yelling is what I’m for,” he concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81545,"TALLAHASSEE, Fla. – Florida Governor Rick Scott is reportedly considering a bill sent to him by the state legislature that would “speed up” the capital punishment process in Florida by executing criminals right in the courtroom, only moments after receiving their sentences. The bill, which passed through both houses of the Florida state legislature with near-unanimous Republican support, seeks to appease lawmakers who feel that the recently-passed Timely Justice Act doesn’t do enough to shorten stays on Death Row.

“The TJA bill we authored was pretty good,” said State Senator Joe Negron. “That one would significantly curtail Death Row inmates’ ability to appeal their convictions, which would certainly help us fry these fuckers sooner. But we got to thinking: Why wait at all? Let’s make sure justice is done literally as soon as possible.”

If signed by Governor Scott, the bill would require that every Floridian courtroom be outfitted with a guillotine and an executioner to operate it. If given the death penalty, convicts will be quickly ushered to the device. In full view of the courtroom, their heads will be chopped off and caught in a basket, and the resultant pool of blood will be squeegeed up by court bailiffs, who will receive a 2% pay increase for their added duties.

“It’ll be a quick and semi-clean process,” Negron said. “Much better than allowing them to sit around for years thinking about what they’ve done, and perhaps getting ‘exonerated’ by newfangled ‘DNA’ evidence or something in the meantime.”

Mistakes made during prosecution—and uncovered during the appeals process—have led to more Death Row inmate exonerations in Florida than in any other US state, but supporters of the new bill do not seemed worried that the state might accidentally execute innocent people. “It’s a risk worth taking,” Negron said. “Plus, everyone’s guilty of something. Maybe you didn’t murder somebody, but I bet you’ve jaywalked. Perhaps instant-execution will convince you to use the crosswalk next time. A swift and bloody death is a powerful deterrent.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80058,"One of the strangest things about Republicans campaigning this year is that they keep talking about President Barack Obama like he’s another Jimmy Carter or second-term George W. Bush. In reality, Obama has an approval rating now that’s above 52%, which is fairly strong for a president in his final year of office. Nonetheless, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker decided that linking Obama to Hillary Clinton was the ultimate closing argument for this year’s presidential race, as he posted a tweet on Tuesday morning warning people that “if you like the past eight years, vote for Hillary Clinton.”

Asked to comment on his tweet, Walker went on another typical Republican rant about how the Democratic Party is up to no good and is deceiving Americans yet again. “I for one am not the type of person who likes to repeat himself, although I’ve done just that countless times over the past several months,” he told The Wisconsin Daily. “And I just don’t get how and why people can’t see through the Democrats’ smoke screen and these games they keep playing with the, sadly, gullible American people.”

“And to prove my point, here’s an example: if you take a storm, let’s say we’re talking about a hurricane – Hurricane Matthew for example – and you don’t like a particular thing about it. Right, and then you decide to you want to change it into something else, you want to stop it from wreaking havoc on your territory and your area. And then someone offers you the opportunity to get rid of Matthew and go with Katrina instead. Would you take it? You could, but you’d end up on the receiving end of tremendous devastation nonetheless. That’s exactly the kind of sneaky swap the Democrats have planned for this election,” Walker opined.

He added, “Right now, the situation in America is such that we, unfortunately, have a black disaster wreaking havoc on every aspect of our great nation, from the economy and foreign policy to immigration and civil violence. And guess what? Just like in my aforementioned example – that’s not going to change if you simply take that black disaster and swap it for a white one that has an even smaller brain than the one you’re trying to get rid of in the first place. It just doesn’t work that way. What’s more, there’s this convenient definition of madness that defines it as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.”

“If you apply that to our situation here, it becomes painfully clear that we can just keep switching between different Democratic candidates and presidents and expect things to magically get better,” Walker said. “What we need is a more radical change; the kind of radical change only a Republican candidate can ensure. And I know these past few months we’ve all heard a plethora of adjectives and character traits attributed to Donald Trump by countless entities, but if there’s one thing that’s always been true about him – he’s as radical as they come. So, I say, what the heck, let’s give him a chance. He can’t possibly do any worse than what the Democrats have been doing so far,” the Wisconsin Governor concluded.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81364,"Lately, it seems like all I do is wait around—for food, for water, for a chance to return to what little is left of my home. But mostly I wait around for—you guessed it!—the birth of the royal baby.

Yes, we here in Jordan, at the Zaatari Refugee camp—just eight miles from the Syrian border, close enough to smell the artillery rounds turning our countrymen to ash—are just as rapt as the rest of the world. Sure, we’ve got some troubles here—but who’s got the time to worry about starving when Kate Middleton is days overdue?

Speaking of: How long will she torture us like this!? I’m getting more and more anxious every day! (Seriously, I feel sick, and it’s not just that my dried, pre-cooked food rations are dangerously low on nutrients). Lately, my main worry is that the media are camped outside the wrong hospital. Sheesh people, what if the baby is born in Reading instead of London?! Have you lost your minds? What, you expect the public to settle for extended, static shots of the wrong hospital’s façade? You might as well film my house, and my house is a tent.

Some of the refugees here have taken to placing bets on the baby’s gender and name (just like the British!), probably because it’s a convenient distraction from the fact that more than 100,000 of our fellow-Syrians have been slaughtered since the civil war began. Personally, I think betting on something as beautiful and earth shattering as the birth of a royal is profane—but hey, that’s just me. I also don’t like rioting—and that’s pretty popular here, too.

You might be wondering: Why am I not upset that everyone’s paying more attention to Kate Middleton’s pregnancy than the plight of Syrian refugees? Well, isn’t it obvious? Kate and people like me are basically soul-mates. Both of us were suddenly plucked from the only life we knew and forced into a completely foreign existence. (Sure—she went from upper middle class comfort to the opulent life of a princess, whereas I went from poor to really poor; and the pressure she’s under is mostly from the media, whereas mine stems from having half my family killed—but these differences are mostly semantic). I feel like Kate really understands me—even though I can’t quite imagine getting my picture taken as often as she does, since most photographers have only documented this camp from helicopters. (Believe me, you’d do the same).

When it comes down to it, I just hope that a team of world’s best doctors are attending to Kate’s every need. Maybe if the baby is born soon, a couple of them could head this way? Please?

You’ll excuse me if I sign-off now. All 120,000 of my campmates just went BM, and the place stinks to high-heaven. Makes me wonder: Do you think William is ready for diaper-changing duty? I bet not!!",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81177,"LANGLEY, Va. — According to sources, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) will reverse its policy of withholding images taken of Osama Bin Laden’s corpse as soon as they “find the right buyer.” The photographs—which were taken after the al Qaeda leader was killed in a May 2011 special ops raid—depict Bin Laden’s bullet-strewn face and body, and have become the object of a frenzied bidding war between America’s leading media conglomerates.

“Originally the thinking was: We’ll keep these classified no matter what,” one CIA source told Newslo. “Releasing them just seemed too risky. But then we found seven more photographs that we didn’t even realize were taken. And boy, these ones are doozies. Real nice close-ups, his face with a big ole’ hole in it and everything, brains pouring out. Yuck. I nearly puked on my shoes when I saw them.”

“So we’re all standing around and looking at ‘em,” the source continued, “and somebody says, ‘Man, just think how much the National Enquirer would pay for these babies. Prolly [sic] like ten times as much as they doled out for shots of Tom Cruise’s kid.’ Well, that was enough to convince us that these photographs really belong to the world.”

The CIA is expecting to earn significant revenue through sale of the photographs, which have attracted hundreds of bidders, including all four major television networks.

“Americans love blood and guts,” a CBS executive said, “especially when they’re oozing out of Osama Bin Laden and congealing into a sticky pool by his head.” The network is reportedly willing to spend double the production costs of The Big Bang Theory to secure exclusive rights to the photographs.

Another source says the policy reversal will help mitigate the effects of mandatory budget cuts the agency would face in the event of sequestration. “We have two options: Sell the photographs, or cut our budgets for [REDACTED] and maybe even [REDACTED]. What would you do?”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
80738,"TRENTON, N.J. – New Jersey Governor Chris Christie today lashed out at failed presidential candidate and former-Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, who recently expressed support for a Christie presidential run. Christie told reporters that he’d rather “move to New York” than accept an endorsement from “someone who lost the election to a black guy in the middle of a recession.”

According to sources close to Christie, many of the governor’s advisors believe that a Romney endorsement could irreparably damage Christie’s chances at winning the White House. “There’s probably never been a candidate who’s lost so badly after being given every advantage,” one source said. “Let’s face it: The guy’s one of the most astounding losers in American history, and nobody wants that rep to stick onto Governor Christie.”

On last Sunday’s “Meet the Press,” Romney, in a rare interview with NBC’s David Gregory, said that Christie could easily become the GOP’s nominee for president in 2016 and that he might very well “save” the Republican Party. Christie—who has not announced a candidacy—responded by thanking Mr. Romney for the kind words, but requested that he stop saying them immediately.

“I have a great amount of respect for Mitt Romney,” Christie told reporters. “Like me, he understands how hard it is to be a Republican governor in a deeply blue Northeast state. But the guy is presidential poison, and I’d prefer it he stay the hell away from me until at least 2021.”

“Really, I’d rather he not even speak my name,” Christie added. “I’m not saying that Mitt Romney is a bad luck charm, but it’s better to be safe than sorry.”

Christie’s statements have further weakened the two governors’ already-strained relationship. According to a new book, the 2012 Romney campaign considered inviting Christie to run for vice president on Romney’s ticket, but, concerned about his weight and “tardiness,” decided against it. The book even alleges that Romney poked fun at Christie’s obesity, mocking the Governor’s large waistline.

On Monday, Christie promised that he would forgive Romney’s “callous behavior, as long as Mitt publicly states that he will back Hilary Clinton for president in 2016.”

“I heard Hillary endorses a healthcare-reform plan that’s very similar to the one Mitt passed in Massachusetts,” Christie said. “I think they’re a match made in heaven.”",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81977,"WASHINGTON — Even though the election is over and President Obama was re-elected on November 6, sources close to the former Massachusetts governor say Mitt Romney has continued to campaign across the country. “Mitt has been running for this job for 6 years, basically,” the source said. “When the results came in on Election Night […]",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
81555,"No gift this year? Spent all your money on booze or shoes? No problem! These crappy crafty holiday gifts will make people think you spent a lot of time planning their presents. You don’t have to spend a lot of money to give what they think is a thoughtful gift. Remember, if it’s hand made, it gives the illusion you care!

Window Cookie: Buy some gingerbread men cookies and stick one in a CD envelope with clear round window. Take a red pen and write “Home For The Holidays!” like it’s his house. If it breaks, it’s just a friggin’ cookie. It’s not like he died. Good for multiple gifts for those people who don’t mean that much to you. Festive Holiday Crisps: Get a can of Pringles and cover it in glue. Wind some green and red ribbon around it until you can’t tell it’s a Pringles can. Look at that! Festive “crisps” like the Brits have! Extra holiday fun for you: unseal the can and fart in it; then quickly replace the top. Make sure you’re there when they open it! Classic Christmas Wine: Find the cheapest wine you can. Tear off the label. Find an image of a Christmas tree or Santa or some shit and print it out on a large mailing label. Stick it on the wine. If you don’t have a label, print on regular paper and glue it on. Write something nice and make sure to use an exclamation point to show your excitement about the holiday. As long as they never see that it’s Boone’s Farm Strawberry Hill or homemade toilet wine, you’re good. Santa and Reindeer Family: Go to the Dollar store and buy $$10 worth of tiny, soft plastic, probably-cancer-causing toys. Get eight reindeer (forget Rudolph) and one Santa. Pierce each one clean through with a nail and run a piece of string through them all, knotting at the end. Stick hooks through the tops of their heads. Have the gift card read “A little family for yours!” If they are not impressed, tell them you recently fell and hit your head. Mix up words in conversation. Fruitful Ornaments: Take some oranges, lemons or limes. Cut them so they are round and kind of thick. Order a movie or some porn or see if there’s a game on tv. Bake the rounds at 175 degrees for four hours. Let them cool. Thread string through the top. Tell your friends that you hope they have a “fruitful Christmas”. Laugh a lot at that joke and make a really sweet smile. If they are still staring blankly, tell them it will “add color” to their tree. Advent-ageous!: Cut 24 rectangles out of red construction paper in different sizes. Fold them in half. Number them from 1 to 24. Write cute, festive and happy sayings in each one (it can be as simple as “Smile!” or “You’re Awesome!”). Draw the outline of a Christmas tree (basically, a triangle with a square at the bottom) on a piece of paper. Glue or tape the pieces of red paper onto the tree. Stick into a manila envelope. On the outside, in red marker, write “24 Days ‘Til Christmas!” Tell the recipient it’s the gift of happiness and hope they truly believe it’s the thought that counts. DIY Garland: Grab some clothespins and wrapping paper. Glue wrapping paper to the top of the clothespins. Clip the clothespins to a red ribbon. Include a note that says it’s to hold incoming Christmas cards. Suggest they hang it from a mantle or banister and then act like you did them a favor.",politicops.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
