,content,domain,fake,conspiracy,political,junksci,unreliable,bias,hate,reliable,satire,clickbait,unknown,rumor
224235,"Texas in one picture:

Volunteers helping people… America

Nearly a quarter of Texas’ population lives in areas covered by a federal disaster declaration as a result of Tropical Storm Harvey. Gov. Greg Abbott says 18 counties are now covered by the disaster declaration approved by President Donald Trump. There are nearly 7 million people in those counties, including the nation’s fourth-largest city of Houston.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128488,"Boehner Refuses to Distance Himself From Tea Party, There’s “No Daylight” Between Group and Me… (Politico) — There is “no daylight” between the tea party and John Boehner, the House speaker said in an interview released Thursday morning as negotiations to avert a government shutdown come down to the wire. “Listen, there’s no daylight between the tea party and me,” the Ohio Republican said in an interview with ABC News conducted Wednesday.

“None,” he said, when questioner George Stephanopoulos pushed back. “What they want is, they want us to cut spending. They want us to deal with this crushing debt that’s going to crush the future for our kids and grandkids. There’s no daylight there.”

Democrats say that Boehner is being swayed by the influence of the tea party movement and have urged him to make a break for the sake of a bipartisan agreement, but the speaker did not indicate that he’s willing to do so. “I’m fighting for the largest number of spending cuts possible,” Boehner said. “Because it really will help our economy. This is what the American people had to say last November. They wanted us to cut spending in Washington, D.C. and they wanted us to do everything we could to help create jobs in our country.” (full article)

Great job Mr. Speaker, and remember “We’ve got your six”, so long as you continue in the right direction. Fix Bayonets…. Provide NO quarter !!! …../ SD

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123873,"Are you having trouble finding an article at The Conservative Treehouse? Try using the search box on the right side of the page above “Recent Comments”. If that doesn’t help to find the article you’re looking for, then try using … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224650,"(Via New York Post) German murder-suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz was an insecure control freak to the schoolteacher fiancée who broke his heart, even trying to tell her what to wear and who to talk to, according to a report.

The girlfriend, identified for the first time as Kathrin Goldbach, 26, by Britain’s Daily Mail, still lived with Lubitz, 27, in their Dusseldorf apartment, but was looking to move out into a “bachelorette flat” because of his erratic behavior, the newspaper’s Web site reported Saturday.

“He tried to order her what to wear, what men she could speak to, even the length of her skirts,” one friend said.

Lubitz’s mental state was worsened by his breakup with Goldbach, just a day before he crashed his Germanwings Airbus A320 in the French Alps, killing himself and 149 others.

Before commandeering the plane, Lubitz had locked the captain, Patrick Sondenheimer, out of the cockpit. On Saturday, dramatic black box recordings emerged revealing the captain’s desperate struggle to stop the berserk madman.

[…] Lubitz was also secretly suffering from career-threatening vision problems, having lost 30 percent of his eyesight, according to a report in the Paris newspaper Le Figaro. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129219,"In what they call a “Reuters Exclusive” the news agency tries to undermine Donald Trump’s candidacy because Trump businesses have used H-2B Visa applications to hire workers. This is an absolute joke, we’ll explain why.

Reuters Screenshot

Why this is a nothingburger – Those unfamiliar with the South Florida general labor market are most likely unfamiliar with the extreme swings in “seasonal need” workers.

Does the word “Snowbird” ring a bell? Florida has a “tourist season” which runs from (generally speaking) just after Thanksgiving to Easter annually. January, February and March are the peak. The first Monday in February is the absolute peak as almost every time-share and hotel unit flips that week.

The volume of work within the service and hospitality industry doubles during the tourist season, and those businesses who hire within the general labor market struggle to increase their labor in relationship to the increase in business. In addition, local workers looking for employment are reluctant to take temporary or “seasonal” jobs, and prefer longer term -more stable- employment.

Many businesses need to double, or in some cases triple, their workforce in order to meet the business demand. [In 2014 97,300,000 tourists visited Florida].

As a consequence many companies, including Trump owned resorts, have used H-2B visa workers to fill the gap between large fluctuations in business and the needed staffing shortfalls. From my own experience, many of the workers are students from South America (Argentina, Brazil, etc) who take the seasonal jobs Nov/Dec – March/April between their college seasons – and then return home.

In addition you’ll note the dates of the Reuters data:

Trump owns companies that have sought to import at least 1,100 foreign workers on temporary visas since 2000, according to U.S. Department of Labor data reviewed by Reuters. Most of the applications were approved, the data show. (link)

“2000 through 2015” Another factor – During the timeframe of 2000 to 2007 the seasonal hiring problem was compounded by the boom in the housing market and overall thriving U.S. economy. Any generally healthy worker, who could swing a hammer, could triple their income switching to the housing or building sector.

Bartenders, waiters/waitresses, housekeepers, maintenance and general workers left the hospitality industry to make $$25-$$40hr in low skill construction jobs. The H-2B visa use increased at the same rate to help fill the worker void. Actually, the H-2B visa use initially started gaining wide-scale acceptance exactly for this reason. The economy was good, workers were scarce and demand for workers greater than the labor market.

[…] The Labor Department records don’t specify the nationality of the foreign workers sought by companies. But Trump could be bringing many Mexican workers into the United States. Reuters examined records of applications for three categories of temporary work visas – the H-2A, H-2B and H-1B programs – submitted by employers to the Labor Department. The temporary work visa program through which Trump’s companies have sought the greatest numbers of workers, H-2B, brings in mostly workers from Mexico. Mexicans made up more than 80 percent of the 104,993 admissions to the United States on H-2B visas in 2013. The Trump companies have sought at least 850 H-2B visa workers. The H-2B program, which receives little government oversight, is used by companies in sectors ranging from hospitality to forestry to hire foreign workers for temporary jobs. Companies must prove that the jobs are seasonal – and that they tried and failed to hire Americans. U.S. government watchdogs have criticized the H-2B and H-2A programs over the years for failing to protect foreign and American workers alike. […] The Mar-a-Lago, a luxury resort in Palm Beach, Florida, has sought the most foreign workers of the nine Trump businesses: 787 workers since 2006, according to the data. This month, the resort filed paperwork seeking to bring in 70 foreign workers later this year on H-2B visas to serve as maids, cooks and wait staff, according to paperwork known as “job orders” published on the Labor Department’s web site. (read more)

See?

The entire article is a nothingburger once you understand the issue at hand. Palm Beach, Florida tourism season doubles, and at times triples, the business not only for Donald Trump resorts, but for every business in/around the host and hospitality sector.

Palm Beach, like many South Florida areas even have celebrations when the “snowbirds”, “frog heads”, and “tourons” go home at season’s end.

Reuters is trying to make a regional common practice seem like something rather controversial. The FAIL is strong on this one.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123760,"We said last week – in retrospect the Walter Scott Scheme Team 2015′ would regret hiring image consultant Ryan Julison to represent their interests and develop their chosen narrative. As research continues this opinion solidifies.

Ryan Julison (w/ Matt Lauer) left – Attorney Mark Peper, right

After we identified Walter Scott’s passenger as Pierre Fulton, the image consultants needed to quickly work up a salable story. Ergo the hiring of another attorney, now image consultant, Mark Peper to frame the Fulton angle. Does anyone ever think to ask who’s paying for all these attorneys? I digress…

However, Ryan needs to spend a little more time training the side players because apparently Mr. Peper has yet to learn the art of nuance, or subtlety, in narrative construction.

Attorney Peper’s latest attempt to frame the optics for his client, Walter Scott passenger Pierre Fulton, is to claim both Fulton and Scott had just finished volunteering at a local church that morning. This would be prior to being pulled over at 9:30am by North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager. After breakfast at Hardees, they headed to church for their Saturday Morning volunteer efforts.

NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (WCIV) — Walter Scott and Pierre Fulton handed out bags of food at a local church Saturday morning and were on their way to a cookout at Scott’s house when they saw an officer’s blue lights behind them, Fulton’s attorney told ABC News Monday night. (link)

Apparently, sewing sweaters for homeless kittens from locks of their altruistic hair was a bridge too far. Hence they settled on the more general church volunteer efforts.

Gotcha.

Then again, somewhere, perhaps the image guys might have crossed wires – because The Daily Mail article of the same event skips the volunteer aspect and focuses on Pierre’s need for a bag of fresh vegetables.

[…] Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables. He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott’s house. (link)

Because nothing shouts street cred for a single guy like a bag of fresh produce.

As with all constructed elements there’s usually a hint of truth hidden amid the narrative. So, stretching the benefit of doubt – let’s run with it.

The family of Walter Scott were initially comfy with claiming the motive for Mr. Scott running from the vehicle was most likely due to an outstanding bench warrant based upon his inability refusal to pay child support.

However, that’s not generally the best angle when the following day Dash-Camera footage shows deadbeat dad claiming he just bought the new -to him- car, and a co-worker adding Walter just put new 20’s on it.

Where “20’s” are the shiny new chrome wheels and “it” is the newly acquired Mercedes.

No money for kids, but shiny wheels… well, you get the picture- priorities and stuff. We continually must digress.

Again, most of Ryan Julison’s narratives have glimmers of truth mixed in with the nonsense. But it’s the non-asked questions that usually reveal the proverbial rest of the story.

Assuming the “volunteering at the local church” angle has a ring of truth, and assuming the non-asked questions also exist, we find ourselves wondering why the kids of Pierre Fulton are missing from the storyline.

Yes, Pierre, in addition to an extensive criminal rap sheet also, like Walter, has kids.

How do we know that?

Well, while the Scheme Team has done an exceptional job scrubbing social media for both Mercedes’ occupants, they missed the Dating Profile of Pierre “Pedrofuller” Fulton.

In the self-identified profile of Mr. Fulton’s bid to find the next baby momma, he admits already having children. (pesky screen grabs below for the soon to be scrubbed Passion Match site – you can’t make this stuff up folks):

Walter and Pierre are both Fathers, both have kids. But their parental commonality is missing from the narrative for Pierre Fulton?

Allow us a measure of common sense injection as we connect those previously mentioned “glimmers of truth” and accept there was a Church Visitation earlier in the day – after Hardees and before the 9:30am traffic stop.

Just industrious pals up early in the weekend morn to contribute to their community?

What could possibly be more likely than two altruistic fellows en route to, then from, their typical Church volunteer efforts?

Meanwhile, the man who was in the car when Walter Scott was flagged down by police before being gunned down was identified today as drifter Pierre Fulton. […] Pierre’s family said they had no idea why he was in the car and how he came to be friends with the shooting victim. His grand mother Eunice Fulton, 70, said: “I spoke with my daughter Franetta on Thursday and Pierre had only just told her he was in the car. It was a terrible incident but we haven’t had the chance to speak to him about it. He used to live with me until a couple of years ago. But I don’t where he hangs out now. He moves around.” (link)

Perhaps something more along the lines of “Community service” to offset the Deadbeat Dad aspect of their affiliation. Perhaps the “bag of vegetables” aspect was a benefit of their loading, unloading, and distribution responsibilities for the local volunteer church food pantry.

Then again this is Ryan Julison’s script. Knowing how he operates it could be someone saw a bag of herbs and spices, or Zip-locks. You just never really know with him what he is positioning for.

But Why Run ?

Again, to the average person it doesn’t make sense for Walter to run from an innocuous traffic stop. He’s already been twice before through the Warrant capture and customary night in jail, no biggie. He’s also 50 years old, and not prone to the same non-logical action of a teen or twenty something.

So what gives?

Here’s where the car, the new car, comes into play.

As the narrative is spun the car was sold to Walter by a neighbor. Walter tells Officer Slager he just purchased the vehicle the day before and doesn’t have any papers, nor proof of insurance. Officer Slager asks him for any documentation that might be in the glove box. You know, registration, bill of sale, anything to back up this “just purchased” story, stuff like that. Walter says no, nothing.

So with only the Drivers License and vehicle tag to reference Officer Slager begins sorting out the “what’s”.

During the initial checking, Walter starts to get out of the vehicle with something in his hand. CNN believes it might be something to back-up his story.

What was #WalterScott holding up? “Attorneys believe he found something the officer requested” @MartinSavidge reports pic.twitter.com/lE5Z73iy8D — Anderson Cooper 360° (@AC360) April 11, 2015

We believe it’s actually his phone. Perhaps he called the “seller” to back up his claim, or as the Daily Mail has shared perhaps he was on the phone with his Mom.

Regardless, after being told to get back in his vehicle his next decision is to run. This is where everyone gets stuck.

But now, in hindsight, and after really thinking it through, what did he have to lose?

Ridin’ Dirty – The vehicle itself was obviously not registered to Walter Scott -no idea who the tag belongs to- and he’s only lost his Driver’s License so far. Why not run?

If he gets away and the cops bother to show up at Big Momma’s house, well, ain’t nobody seen him round here for a long time.

The car gets towed. The passenger, Pierre, Din’t Du Nuffin’, so he’s clear – And if the vehicle was indeed sold to him by a neighbor – the neighbor can just go pick it up from the impound, and return it to Walter later. If the car, as some have speculated, is ‘dirty’ Walter Scott wasn’t out anything in the first place, so no loss.

It would possibly mean another warrant placed on Walter for the fleeing part – but no biggie, he’s in the same place he was before getting pulled over; and then there’s always the “someone stole my wallet (license) approach“and possible later claim it wasn’t Walter in the car at all.

Who’s going to check that story at a later date? The police have more important stuff to focus on than trying to prove Walter Scott’s a fibber. Decisions like these are generally always a quick risk/reward assessment.

So maybe the answer is just Occam’s Razor – The running had little downside. Of course that approach only works if you do actually get away.

Find the neighbor who sold the car and we would probably know. But the media isn’t exactly trying to check out the “seller” story. So, meh….

Now none of this is too directly tied to the shooting event itself, but as we have previously shared when you get into these controversial stories you find it’s just as important to explain how the media narrative is developed.

This same approach at false story assembly is how a ficticous meme like “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot” gets started. The consequences stemming from the lies can be just as large for the community as the legal case is to the individual.

Meanwhile the judge assigned to Slager’s murder trial is Judge Clifton Newman.

[…] Among his numerous accomplishments Judge Newman cites his designation as Patriarch of the Miles Newman Family as one of his most cherished. He succeeded his uncles, the late Senator I. DeQuincey Newman and Bishop Ernest W. Newman, as the leader of his family. (link)

Judge Clifton Newman’s son is Brian DeQuincey Newman.

Remember the guy who took the video of the shooting. His name is Feidin Santana. Mr. Santana has an attorney named Todd Rutherford.

The son of the Judge for Slager’s trial and the attorney for the guy who took the video are friends.

What a coincidence ?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
130171,"I won’t hold my breath.. … (Boston Herald) The vicar of Old North Church says he’s miffed at the “gotcha”-seeking media for twisting Sarah Palin’s stop at the Hub landmark earlier this month into an endless GOP-bashing circus. Palin continues to be ridiculed for her comments on Paul Revere’s ride, but the Rev. Stephen T. Ayres told the Herald this weekend it’s all a tempest in a Tea Party pot.

“I am amazed that this silly story refuses to die,” he said. “I lament what’s happening to our culture. Everything is reduced to one-upmanship or gotcha.”

Ayres said he feels somewhat responsible because he tutored Palin on the particulars of Revere’s 1775 ride and teen exploits as a bell-ringer at the fabled church. So he has fired back at left-leaning bloggers by penning a post of his own on the church Web site.

Ayres said he welcomed Palin, her parents, and her daughter Piper to the church on the morning of June 2, as she traveled the East Coast on her “One Nation” tour. He gave them the usual “one if by land, two if by sea” lesson, but added in how Revere founded the church’s bell-ringing guild in 1750 as a teen and how he warned the British after being arrested on the night of his famous ride that the minutemen had been alerted.

Hence Palin’s quote to the press that Revere “warned the British that they weren’t going to be taking away our arms by ringing those bells and making sure as he’s riding his horse through town to send those warning shots and bells that we were going to be secure and we were going to be free.” Ayres said Palin is “an easy target.” And, for anybody still gunning for her, he added, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow took liberties, too.

“He was not subjected to thousands of newspaper stories and blog comments attacking or defending his poem,” Ayres writes online. “One hundred and fifty years later most of the pundits and many of us assume Longfellow’s poem was historically correct. I hate to break it to you, but Revere was not standing on the opposite shore, did not make it as far as Concord that night, and finished his ride to Lexington before midnight.” (read article)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
134092,"(Sweden) “For several years, we have found that the gender debate has grown so strong in the Swedish market that we … have had to adjust,” Jan Nyberg, director of sales at Top Toy, franchise-holder for US toy chain Toys R Us, said.

The country’s advertising watchdog reprimanded the company for gender discrimination three years ago following complaints over outdated gender roles in the 2008 Christmas catalogue, which featured boys dressed as superheroes and girls playing princess.

A comparison between this year’s Toys R Us catalogues in Sweden and Denmark, where Top Toy is also the franchisee, showed that a boy wielding a toy machine gun in the Danish edition had been replaced by a girl in Sweden.

Elsewhere, a girl was Photoshopped out of the “Hello Kitty” page, a girl holding a baby doll was replaced by a boy, and, in sister chain BR’s catalogue, a young girl’s pink T-shirt was turned light blue.

Top Toy, Sweden’s largest toy retailer by number of stores, said it had received “training and guidance” from the Swedish advertising watchdog, which is a self-regulatory agency.

“We have produced the catalogues for both BR and Toys R Us in a completely different way this year,” Nyberg said.

“With the new gender thinking, there is nothing that is right or wrong. It’s not a boy or a girl thing, it’s a toy for children.”

Elsewhere, a girl was Photoshopped out of the “Hello Kitty” page, a girl holding a baby doll was replaced by a boy, and, in sister chain BR’s catalogue, a young girl’s pink T-shirt was turned light blue.

Top Toy, Sweden’s largest toy retailer by number of stores, said it had received “training and guidance” from the Swedish advertising watchdog, which is a self-regulatory agency.

“We have produced the catalogues for both BR and Toys R Us in a completely different way this year,” Nyberg said.

“With the new gender thinking, there is nothing that is right or wrong. It’s not a boy or a girl thing, it’s a toy for children.” (read more)

Another Perspective – Genders are to some extent social inventions. Men and women invest each other with what Edmund Burke described as “the wardrobe” of our imagination. We see each other through social and esthetic lenses, and this may influence the power of erotic attraction as much as our hormones do. If our caring-sharing government or unisexual social elites aim at making genders indistinguishable, this would probably make women less desirable sexually. In Burke’s phrase they have been “stripped” of the identity that had been attached to them. (continue reading)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33731,"Against the backdrop of the Minnesota police chief stating today that Ms. Reynolds claims do not match reality…. and having looked at the video hundreds of times, I’m in agreement with Treeper Nettles who first identified the tri-fold wallet of Philando Castile in the left front pocket of his sweat pants.

When you correct the orientation of the video image (to eliminate mirrored orientation) and then point out the visible location of the hand gun you get this:

The wallet was in the left front pocket of his sweat pants (left thigh). Same proximity as the handgun resting part in his lap and part on his left thigh.

Here’s the original video where officer Jeronimo Yanez clearly says:

“Fuck ! … I told him not to reach for it – I told him to keep his hands off it”…

Look for yourself. It is all visible, and it all happens in the first minute of Diamond “Lavish” Reynolds live-streamed video.

Looks pretty clear to me.

When you consider that Officers Jeronimo Yanez and Joseph Kauser pulled over Philando Castile (July 6th) because he matched an armed robbery suspect description (BOLO issued July 5th), and considering Castile had a visible handgun and did not comply with the instructions of Officer Yanez….

Well ?…

This also explains why the media and family of Philando Castile are not requesting the dash-cam footage being released. If the Dash-Cam footage were to be released, in conjunction with the visible and forensic evidence, it would exonerate Officer Yanez.

“Fuck ! I told him not to reach for it – I told him to keep his hands off it “…

Unfortunately, exoneration of Yanez is exactly the opposite of what the Main Stream Media narrative wants to happen, and what their efforts have been working toward so far. The release of the Dash-Cam would also remove the financial benefit from the lawsuit the Castile family has announced.

The media and Castile family now both have a vested interest in keeping the Dash-Cam video hidden. They’ll claim it can’t be released because of an “ongoing investigation”.

However, when the activists want evidence released, 911 calls, video, etc. history has shown they don’t accept those investigative arguments and they force the releases (Trayvon Martin, Mike Brown, Freddie Gray, etc).

This time the release would be damaging to them. They will accept that “ongoing investigation” position in this case because it benefits their claim.

The media are more comfortable selling a ‘Hand’s Up Don’t Shoot” story, and will never NEVER retract their narrative or admit their mistakes.

That’s why the current rating of the American Media ranks lower than Congress.

CNN spent how many hours analyzing an audio recording from the Trayvon Martin shooting, ending up with the word “coons” – which they later retracted, and said “goons” after the narrative was embedded.

Why won’t CNN use their incredible video technology to show the broadcast public the hand-gun in the lap of Philando Castile? Yeah, odd…

And don’t forget the images the Media sold with the 2012 Trayvon Martin shooting. Not a single MSM story ever showed what 17-year-old Trayvon Martin really looked like on the night George Zimmerman encountered him:

Left: Media Image of Trayvon Martin – – Right: Actual Trayvon Martin in 2012",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45311,"I doubt, allow me to repeat and emphasize, “doubt“, these reports are accurate. Why? Because Congressman Jason Chaffetz is on record stating that in his visit to Libya he travelled with General Ham. When Chaffetz asked Ham about whether he had a ready … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126638,"On Monday, during a fundraiser in California, President Obama declared that Europe’s debt problems and their inability to solve them was “scaring the world.” He went on to explain that Europeans “have not fully healed from the crisis back in 2007 and never fully dealt with the challenges that their banking system faced” and that “they’re trying to take responsible actions, but those actions haven’t been quite as quick as they need to be.”

This of course is coming from a President who has done nothing to deal with our own country’s enormous debt crisis and who is in fact eager to incur even more debt with another useless stimulus bill (now called a “jobs bill” though the last stimulus failed to produce the jobs it promised, which is perhaps why Harry Reid doesn’t seem too eager to bring this new bill to a vote despite the President’s demands to “pass this bill”). Yes, Europe has serious debt problems, but for President Obama to be lecturing our allies about not being “quite as quick” in dealing with a debt crisis is downright hypocritical.

When his all-too-common finger-pointing is directed at Republicans, President Obama’s search for a scapegoat is swallowed as merely the typical Beltway politics of our permanent political class. But pointing fingers at our allies when they are working to get their own financial house in order is counterproductive and can have a serious negative affect on our ability to lead the free world.

One German newspaper denounced the President’s comments as “overbearing, arrogant, and absurd.” Another wrote: “The gloomy state of the economy is putting a damper on Obama’s future prospects. The optimism of the past is gone, replaced by a cheap search for a scapegoat.” And still another wrote: “That’s not how friends talk to each other. That applies particularly to friends who have themselves failed to get a handle on their own, self-made crisis.”

Can we blame them for feeling this way? Keep in mind this was a President who was supposed to make the rest of the world “like” us again.

It’s about time the President showed some leadership and took responsibility rather than campaigning on blaming everyone else for the financial mess his policies have exacerbated.

Between President Obama’s hypocritical lecture poking our allies in the eye again and one Democrat governor’s call to postpone lawfully mandated elections for two years, I suppose nothing should surprise concerned Americans anymore. But that doesn’t mean we have to accept these misguided memes. 2012 can’t come soon enough.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124402,"Update: A Gun Store in North Carolina who has paid for advertising, and is now having their commercials pulled, shares this story:

[…] In a statement, the cable provider said, “Time Warner Cable has policies in place that govern the kind of advertising we accept. Under that policy, we no longer accept ads showing semi-automatic weapons and guns pointed at people. We stand by this policy. If it’s essential to a business owner to show this kind of imagery in their commercials, there are other advertising options in the marketplace.”

When we asked if the cable provider would also ban similar programming, TWC said no.

“Viewers make a conscious choice to watch particular TV programs and movies, and tools like TV and movie ratings and the parental control features of our Digital TV service help consumers make informed viewing choices for their families,” a TWC spokesman said in an e-mail to WWAY. “Consumers don’t choose the advertising that airs during a particular show, so it’s appropriate for us to have a policy.” (link)

Follow the prog logic….. Um, the TV watcher has control over the remote during the show, but not during the commercials.

Time Warner Cable has decided to turn away any advertisment that includes Semi-Automatic gun ads, or content. Which begs the question: What about the actual network programming containing the exact same content of gun/firearm use? It would be intellectually impossible to remain consistent in defense of this position while still airing shows glorifying the use of the product they ban from their advertising. No?

(MC News) — Just weeks after the mass shooting at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Con., Time Warner Cable has initiated a company-wide ban on certain gun ads.

“We no longer accept ads showing semi-automatic weapons and guns pointed at people,” Time Warner Cable said in a statement. “We stand by this policy. If it’s essential to a business owner to show this kind of imagery in their commercials, there are other advertising options in the marketplace.”

Time Warner Cable Content

On Dec. 14, 27 people, including 20 elementary school children, were killed at Sandy Hook. The tragedy has spurred a national outcry for tougher gun laws.

On Jan. 16 President Barack Obama mapped out new gun control measures that would require universal background checks for all gun purchasers and place a ban on semi-automatic assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition magazines. The National Cable & Telecommunications Association said in a statement Wednesday that it supported the President’s proposals. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
4999,"Mike Huckabee has a weird spike in this poll. However, the biggest problem for Jeb Bush is the continued erosion within the Republicans being polled. The “splitter” group (Fiorina, Huckabee, Christie, Rubio, Kasich, Perry, Graham, Pataki, Gilmore) cannot pull enough specific state-by-state primary support to create a pathway for Jeb if Bush remains under 15-20%.

Thanks entirely to Donald Trump, the GOPe road map is further collapsing this week.

Washington DC Article on results HERE In addition the previous Rick Perry Trip Wire (August 11th) was further evidenced today.

RICK PERRY BREAKING NEWS: The (3) Super PACs took in an additional $16.8 million. Austin Barbour, the PAC Senior Adviser, said last week!! — JaneANN (@forrickperry) August 28, 2015

The best plans of the GOPe are all failing. – They’ve been out foxed by the Donald.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122038,"RT the news: Nearly half a million Americans apply for quality, affordable health care in less than three weeks: http://t.co/vfg2GF7G0T — The White House (@WhiteHouse) October 20, 2013

https://twitter.com/ABC

Associated Press: […] Obama’s advisers say the president has been frustrated by the flawed rollout. During one of his daily health care briefings last week, he told advisers assembled in the Oval Office that the administration had to own up to the fact that there were no excuses for not having the website ready to operate as promised.

The president is expected to address the problems on Monday during a health care event at the White House. Cabinet members and other top administration officials will also be traveling around the country in the coming weeks to encourage sign-ups in areas with the highest population of uninsured people. (continue reading)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224317,"Several weeks ago when doing research into Denis McDonough, Obama’s pick to be his Chief of Staff, we ran accross this older insightful comment from a former member of Chuck Hagel’s staff. I book marked it to review again during the confirmation hearings. Wow, this former employee of his staff really hits the nail on the head.

Watch this segment of his confirmation hearing first:

Now consider this from one of his staffers from March 2007:

At one time I worked in Senator Chuck Hagel’s office. I believe readers may be interested in my observations of Senator Hagel.

He has a limited educational background, and worked as a local broadcaster in Nebraska before getting his start as an aide to a Nebraska congressman in the 1970s. Before that, he fought in Vietnam, where he was seriously wounded. With his Capitol Hill background and war record, he obtained a high position in the Reagan administration’s Department of Veterans Affairs. Then he had some friends who were investing in the new cellular phone field; he sold his car to raise the funds to invest with them. That’s how he became a millionaire. And in a small state like Nebraska, that’s how a person possessed of the requisite ego, regardless of other qualifications, including intelligence, becomes a United States Senator.

He is not an active legislator. (In fact, I did not see him take much part in the floor debate last year on the traitorous immigration bill he co-sponsored with Sen. Martinez.) Once I saw him at a committee mark-up of a bill complain about the amendments process as “minutiae.” Of course, that is the blood and guts of legislating, requiring a good deal of attention to detail and effort, as the impressive Senator Jeff Sessions resolutely demonstrated during the immigration debate.

It is much easier to promote oneself by appearing frequently on television, acting “senatorial” and speaking in generalities, which is how Hagel has made his name. His staff calls his tv appearances “face time.” Alas, it seems the “face time” figures like Hagel, John Kerry and John Edwards get more attention as presidential prospects than the serious legislators like Sessions.

Senator Hagel used to hold periodic meetings, perhaps monthly, with his campaign consultants and quite possibly big contributors—off government property. (This is speculation, but maybe at one of these meetings he was asked by his Nebraska agri-business contributors to front for the treasonous immigration and amnesty bill.) He also conducted a weekly telephone interview with the local press back home. The entire staff heard these interviews as a conference call. Sadly, the reporters never seemed to have an idea of the pow-wows he held with the people who really count in our “democracy,” and the interviews were largely a waste of time, although the reporters, typically, did not understand this. To be fair, I am sure Senator Hagel is no different from many of his colleagues in this regard.

He used to send his Nebraska schedule to the staff before his trips back home. I noted that the meetings with campaign contributors were scheduled for a lot more time than meetings with citizen groups. Again, he likely is no different than many if not most of his colleagues in this practice.

One prominent conservative I knew said Senator Hagel was known as the “butterfly.” That is, he makes loud pronouncements on issues, such as Iraq, gaining attention as an independent, but without actually coming to grips with the issues or accomplishing anything. He just flutters around issues. His anticlimactic announcement yesterday that he is not running for president is the latest example of his butterfly approach to serious political matters.

Another demonstration of his judgment on great moral issues was Hagel’s support of the forced repatriation of little Elian Gonzalez back to Castro’s communist Cuba. (Recall the police-state armed assault by Clinton’s federal thugs on the home of Elian’s relatives, in defiance of a court order, when Elian had an automatic weapon pointed almost in his crying face before being seized.)

I observed Senator Hagel to be something of a poseur, a man who, like many politicians, is skilled mainly at affecting a serious and commanding demeanor without actually achieving anything of substance as a legislator. It may not be appropriate to get into personalities in this way. But in view of the catastrophic mis-government that is leading our nation to ruin, I believe I should offer my observations for the consideration of VFR readers.

Posted by Lawrence Auster at March 13, 2007

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121078,"After watching James Comey and crew (Brennan, Yates, Clapper, etc.) testify for more than 11 months (July ’16 through June ’17), hopefully we don’t have to see any of their faces broadcasting false narratives on TV again. That said, here’s the top five facts that showcase how badly James Comey politicized the FBI:

Number FIVE – James Comey stated under oath, and included in his written statement, that it was his decision to speak alone, one-on-one to President-Elect Trump on January 6th in Trump Tower as Comey asked everyone else to leave the briefing. Comey held no issues with a private conversation with the incoming President.

However, a month later on February 14th, in the oval office, when President Trump asked everyone to leave the room for a one-on-one, James Comey testifies it was “inappropriate” for a private conversation.

Number FOUR – James Comey stated to congress on March 20th, he intentionally did not brief congressional intelligence oversight/leadership of the counterintelligence investigation, that began in July 2016, until March 2017. He intentionally kept congress in the dark.

There was no reason to keep congress in the dark, unless Comey held a political motivation to do so such that he could operate his agenda without any oversight.

Number THREE – James Comey told President Trump he was not under investigation three different times from January 6th through May 2017. Comey also notified the congressional oversight Gang-of-Eight in March and April that President Trump was not under investigation. However, Comey intentionally refused to tell the public the same thing he was telling President Trump and congress.

However, worse yet, James Comey was telling President Trump there was no factual or substantive foundation behind the ‘Russian Pee Dossier’; yet simultaneously Comey was using the ‘Russian Pee Dossier‘ as evidence to gain FISA warrants against Trump Administration officials.

Number TWO – James Comey admitted to congress than he personally leaked information to a friend with instructions to deliver to the media (New York Times), despite his own prior assertions to congress and to the American electorate, that leaks to the media by officials was toxic and damaging to the integrity of the FBI.

There were several avenues available to Comey to deliver the content of his memos to congress including directly delivering them to oversight; or holding a press conference. There was no reason to manufacture media leaks, to accomplish a political goal, unless James Comey held a political motivation to do so.

Number ONE – James Comey justified in his statements that on February 14th he did not inform his recently confirmed boss Attorney General Jeff Sessions, of the content of the oval office meeting with President Trump – or his suddenly overwhelming feelings of impropriety, because he anticipated Jeff Sessions would be forced to recuse himself from anything to do with the Russian investigation..

There was nothing known on February 14th which would establish a need for Sessions recusal. There’s no reasonable basis for such an assumption on February 14th, unless it was Comey’s intention to leak FISA-granted surveillance of Russian Ambassador Kislyak, having an innocuous meeting with Senator Jeff Sessions, to the Washington Post. A disingenuous, albeit politically framed, leak did factually surface on March 1st.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45078,"New York Votes Today !

In New York City and the counties of Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, Rockland,Orange, Putnam and Erie, polls open at 6:00am and close at 9:00pm. In all other counties polls open at 12:oo NOON and CLOSE at 9 PM

You can find your polling location and additional resources HERE





Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122020,"The Democrats want to add removal of the “Sequester Cuts” into the budgetary maneuvers. Essentially, last year the Dem’s made a strategic blunder; thinking they had the Republicans backed into a corner with the following proposition: ‘Either raise taxes *OR* watch horrible cuts to Defense spending”.

What Dem’s didn’t realize at the time was the strength of the conservative pressure on the traditional GOP. As a consequence the “Sequester” was not seen as unpalatable as Harry Reid thought, the common sense conservative electorate shrugged off the threat and said fine let the future military spending shrink – and retain tax rates.

The outcome was Dem’s proclaiming the Sequester was the end of the world. It didn’t end. And so today…..

(Baseline for discussion stems from Reuters Article Outline ) – Some U.S. senators said they were closing in on a deal Monday that would reopen the government and push back the deadline on the hard Debt Ceiling/Spending decisions for several months, though many hurdles remained as a Thursday 10/17 deadline drew near.

The Senate’s top Democrat and top Republican both said they hoped they could soon reach an agreement that would allow them to avert a looming breach of the Debt Ceiling and end a partial government shutdown that has dragged on for 14 days so far.

“I’m very optimistic that we that we will reach an agreement that’s reasonable in nature this week,” Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said on the Senate floor.

Lawmakers are working, and the media are selling the race against the clock, with U.S. officials estimating that the federal government could run out of borrowing capacity on October 17…. From out perspective ‘that’s not necessarily a bad thing’.

The plan under discussion would raise the $$16.7 trillion debt ceiling by enough to cover the nation’s borrowing needs at least through mid-February 2014, according to a source familiar with the negotiations.

It also would fund government operations through the middle of January, keeping in place the across-the-board “sequester” spending cuts that took effect in March, though government agencies would have more latitude to ease their impact. It would also set up a new round of budget talks that would try to strike a bargain by year’s end.

The goal here for Democrats is to unwind the spending cuts outlined in the sequester.

The above poll was from the 2011 debt ceiling hike – you can see how common sense Americans think continual raising of the debt ceiling is not well regarded.

Any deal would also have to win approval in the House of Representatives, where conservative Republicans have insisted that any continued government funding must include possible modification’s to Obamacare – a nonstarter for Democrats.

The deal would not resolve the disagreements over long-term spending and health care that led to the crisis in the first place. If agreed to as currently outlined it might amount to a retreat for Republicans who have sought to tie any continued funding and borrowing authority to modifications with Obamacare.

Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky echoed Reid’s comments that a deal could come together soon.

“I share his optimism that we we’re going to get a result that will be acceptable to both sides,” he said on the Senate floor.

That comment from McConnell is enough to tell me the deal is bad for conservatives. The White House postponed a planned 3 p.m. (1900 GMT) meeting with congressional leaders strategically preferring to give more time to Harry Reid who is likely to frame a more favorable construct for Democrats.

Reuters outline HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222658,"A recent interview with the Gulfport Florida bus driver, John Moody, reveals he just didn’t want to intervene.

Moody reportedly retired after the school district launched an internal

investigation. The case was turned over to the state attorney’s office, but

prosecutors said Thursday Moody’s actions didn’t rise to the level of child

neglect. (link)

Unlike the previously released bus footage, the race of the driver appears to play a larger role than initially evidenced. The local police asked the District Attorney to file negligence charges against Mr. Moody. The DA chose not to pursue charges.

Watch the video and you’ll see the issue:

What is really at play here, in addition to the 15-year-old thugs who beat the 13-year-old white boy, is *why* the bus driver did not engage to assist. One can only imagine how the BGI and NAACP would approach the issue if the driver were white, the thugs white, and the younger victim black.

In this case, according to the Sharpton, Jackson and Jealous contingent, this beatdown could not be considered racist because the victim was white. And all media efforts are desperate now, framed to protect the bus driver from any consequences to his lack of action.

FLORIDA – Gulfport police recently released surveillance video from a school bus that shows the bus driver’s perspective of a beating earlier this month.

In the video from July 9th, the victim is sitting in the second seat of the Pinellas school bus with his head down. The violence starts as soon as he stands-up to get off the bus.

Joshua Reddin, Julian McKnight, Lloyd Khemradj, all-15-years old

The bus driver, John Moody, can be heard yelling for somebody to try to stop them and calls dispatch for help, “I got a fight. I need help in a hurry, I got a fight I need help in a hurry.”

The punches and kicks continue, and the victim falls between the seats. At one point you can hear his screams on the video. The bus driver yells at the attackers, “leave that boy alone,” but doesn’t try to intervene physically.

Then he again calls dispatch to verify the address. “Get somebody out here quick, quick quick they’re about to beat this boy to death. There’s nothing I can do…please send somebody,” said Moody.

According to Pinellas school bus driver policy the driver’s first duty is to call dispatch, and only has to step in if they think it’s safe. They’re not required to intervene.

Gulfport Police Chief Robert Vincent has publicly questioned the driver’s lack of action even after the offending teens had left the bus. “There was time for him to intervene and or check on the welfare of the child in this case. He didn’t make any effort to do so and that’s what we want to bring to the attention of the prosecutor,” said Chief Vincent. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224760,"Like a boss. President Trump throws the irony into hyper-drive telling the entire group of NATO socialists: it’s time to pay their fair share.

[Transcript] 4:39 P.M. CEST – PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, Secretary General Stoltenberg. Chancellor Merkel, thank you very much. Other heads of state and government, I am honored to be here with members of an alliance that has promoted safety and peace across the world.

Prime Minister May, all of the nations here today grieve with you and stand with you. I would like to ask that we now observe a moment of silence for the victims and families of the savage attack which took place in Manchester. (A moment of silence is observed.) Thank you. Terrible thing.

This ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. We remember and mourn those nearly 3,000 innocent people who were brutally murdered by terrorists on September 11th, 2001. Our NATO allies responded swiftly and decisively, invoking for the first time in its history the Article 5 collective defense commitments.

The recent attack on Manchester in the United Kingdom demonstrates the depths of the evil we face with terrorism. Innocent little girls and so many others were horribly murdered and badly injured while attending a concert — beautiful lives with so much great potential torn from their families forever and ever. It was a barbaric and vicious attack upon our civilization.

All people who cherish life must unite in finding, exposing, and removing these killers and extremists — and, yes, losers. They are losers. Wherever they exist in our societies, we must drive them out and never, ever let them back in.

This call for driving out terrorism is a message I took to a historic gathering of Arab and Muslim leaders across the region, hosted by Saudi Arabia. There, I spent much time with King Salman, a wise man who wants to see things get much better rapidly. The leaders of the Middle East have agreed at this unprecedented meeting to stop funding the radical ideology that leads to this horrible terrorism all over the globe.

My travels and meetings have given me renewed hope that nations of many faiths can unite to defeat terrorism, a common threat to all of humanity. Terrorism must be stopped in its tracks, or the horror you saw in Manchester and so many other places will continue forever. You have thousands and thousands of people pouring into our various countries and spreading throughout, and in many cases, we have no idea who they are. We must be tough. We must be strong. And we must be vigilant.

The NATO of the future must include a great focus on terrorism and immigration, as well as threats from Russia and on NATO’s eastern and southern borders. These grave security concerns are the same reason that I have been very, very direct with Secretary Stoltenberg and members of the Alliance in saying that NATO members must finally contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations, for 23 of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying and what they’re supposed to be paying for their defense.

This is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States. And many of these nations owe massive amounts of money from past years and not paying in those past years. Over the last eight years, the United States spent more on defense than all other NATO countries combined. If all NATO members had spent just 2 percent of their GDP on defense last year, we would have had another $$119 billion for our collective defense and for the financing of additional NATO reserves.

We should recognize that with these chronic underpayments and growing threats, even 2 percent of GDP is insufficient to close the gaps in modernizing, readiness, and the size of forces. We have to make up for the many years lost. Two percent is the bare minimum for confronting today’s very real and very vicious threats. If NATO countries made their full and complete contributions, then NATO would be even stronger than it is today, especially from the threat of terrorism.

I want to extend my appreciation to the 9/11 Memorial and Museum in New York for contributing this remnant of the North Tower, as well as to Chancellor Merkel and the German people for donating this portion of the Berlin Wall. It is truly fitting that these two artifacts now reside here so close together at the new NATO Headquarters. And I never asked once what the new NATO Headquarters cost. I refuse to do that. But it is beautiful.

Each one marks a pivotal event in the history of this Alliance and in the eternal battle between good and evil. On one side, a testament to the triumph of our ideals over a totalitarian Communist ideology bent on the oppression of millions and millions of people; on the other, a painful reminder of the barbaric evil that still exists in the world and that we must confront and defeat together as a group, as a world.

This twisted mass of metal reminds us not only of what we have lost, but also what forever endures — the courage of our people, the strength of our resolve, and the commitments that bind us together as one.

We will never forget the lives that were lost. We will never forsake the friends who stood by our side. And we will never waiver in our determination to defeat terrorism and to achieve lasting security, prosperity and peace.

Thank you very much. It’s a great honor to be here. Thank you.

END: – 4:48 P.M. CEST

Just look at the reaction of NATO members as Trump said directly to their faces that 23 out of 28 nations aren't contributing enough. pic.twitter.com/wG3ppeRI97 — Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) May 25, 2017

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224697,"President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe delivered an abrupt joint statement Saturday night, addressing reports that North Korea test fired a ballistic missile into its eastern sea.

“I just want everybody to understand and fully know that the United States of America stands behind Japan, its great ally, 100%.” ~President Donald Trump

Trump and Abe made their remarks from Mar-a-Lago, Trump’s estate in Palm Beach, Florida, and did not take questions from reporters.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45206,"As a-b-s-o-l-u-t-e-l-y expected, Judge Debra Nelson agrees with defendant (NBC) motion and dismisses the lawsuit by George Zimmerman against NBC for slander/defamation. There really was no other way this court was going to rule. Judge Debra Nelson was the same … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
2503,"Once again it is prudent to remind everyone to ignore media polls. Instead, focus on what the desperate Clinton campaign is doing, not what the media are trying to portray.

Clinton’s legal team appealed to a federal court to extend the Florida voter registration deadline – which is tomorrow, Tuesday, at 5:00pm. Currently, it appears the judge has granted a 24 hour extension through Wednesday…

A federal court has extended Florida’s voter registration deadline from Tuesday to 5 p.m. ET Wednesday due to Hurricane Matthew’s interruption of last-minute sign-ups. The US District Court ruling comes after the Florida Democratic Party sued, seeking an additional week due to the “strong likelihood” many of the state’s voters would be “severely burdened” by the hurricane’s fallout in the upcoming election.

Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott had opposed the extension, saying last week that “people have had time to register.” In court papers, Marc Elias, who serves at the general counsel for Hillary Clinton’s campaign, argued that Scott “unambiguously ordered” Florida citizens to evacuate, and now some voters have been prevented from being able to register which might decrease “the overall likelihood” that the party will be successful in helping to elect Democrats. (link)

As noted earlier, Florida is a key battleground state and despite all the nonsense polls to the contrary, Team Trump is positioned to sweep the state.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
34445,"NOTE: I am posting this for Sundance, who is very busy at the moment. He wrote this last year on September 11. (signed) Stella I hope he will rejoin us at any moment! To honor the memory of those lost … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129918,"Ladies and gentlemen of the Treehouse, we’d like to offer you the latest from our very own Treehouse Poet Laureate… The Bard of Murdock.

In private you may be a cur,

A slave to passion or liqueur,

But weasels acting weasely

Should not be seen so publicly.

You’ll never raise a question mark

Attacking Ryan like a shark,

Or tearing Boehner bit from bit;

But if you tweet, you are a twit.

When playing possum with the truth,

It is considered most uncouth

To act as counsel to the crown,

And then be caught by zipper down.

And if you haven’t taken care

When luring mares into your lair,

You may find harbor in some ports,

Unless, of course, you’re caught in shorts.

You’ll have a week for them to see

If you survive the third degree;

But should your image start to molt,

Expect your leadership to bolt.

They will react to save the herd,

And sensing danger, drop the word,

They think you’ve acted like a swine,

And should this very day resign.

(This program, everyone agrees,

Does not apply to Kennedys,

Nor Clinton, who could get a pass,

For any skirmish with a lass.)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125216,"Tying up some loose threads – [If you sent us this mugshot data please identify yourself so we can give you credit]. Remember that “awkward” sideways look on Sybrina’s face when the reporter asked about the “button” Trayvon was wearing when he was shot, that was also visible in the 7-11 video……?

The booking date of 3/25/08 is close to his date of death 05/01/08 ?

Treeper Shari – uncovered some very interesting aspect about Cory Craig Johnson that leads to a far greater understanding about “why” Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin have such a keen interest in the “Stand-Your-Ground” legislation.

Apparently this is something they have a vested interest in keeping hidden from public understanding or awareness.

The conflict of interest is so blatant it is no wonder why never divulged this to the media and are so awkward when questioned.

Cory Craig Johnson’s Father’s name is Archie Jerome Johnson. Here is a court case for a second degree murder conviction, in Florida, that was being appealed by a man named Archie Jerome Johnson, who appears to be Cory C Johnson’s father:

JOHNSON v. STATE 432 So.2d 583 (1983)

Archie Jerome JOHNSON, Appellant,

v.

STATE of Florida, Appellee.

No. 82-369.

District Court of Appeal of Florida, Fourth District.

May 4, 1983.

Rehearing Denied June 29, 1983. <— irony)

Richard L. Jorandby, Public Defender, Margaret Good, Asst. Public Defender, and Albert Jackson, Legal Asst., West Palm Beach, for appellant.

Jim Smith, Atty. Gen., Tallahassee, and Max Rudmann, Asst. Atty. Gen., West Palm Beach, for appellee.

Archie Jerome Johnson appeals his conviction of murder in the second degree and possession of a firearm by a felon. Two of his points on appeal have merit and a third invites comment by this court in order to avoid repetition of the conduct of which he legitimately complains.

The murder victim had been living in a room in Johnson’s apartment for about a month. On the day of the criminal incident the two had a quarrel in the morning and that evening the victim came into Johnson’s bedroom to renew the discussion. There were harsh words and Johnson shot the victim four times.

At trial the prosecution introduced evidence that approximately two days before this shooting Johnson had evicted his stepfather from Johnson’s mother’s home at gunpoint, firing two shots in the process. The purpose of this evidence was said to be to show Johnson’s intent and “that this is his own bizarre form of evicting people from premises.” […]

Johnson requested that the jury be instructed that he had no duty to retreat in his own home and that he was entitled to meet force with force. The request was denied . […] As we view the evidence, the parties were probably not legal co-occupants of the apartment (which would constitute a Conner v. State, […] As we view the evidence, the parties were probably not legal co-occupants of the apartment (which would constitute a Conner v. State, 361 So.2d 774 (Fla. 4th DCA 1978), situation) but rather the parties’ status more nearly resembled that of lawful occupant and invitee as in Hedges v. State, 172 So.2d 824 (Fla. 1965). Since the matter must be retried we come to no conclusion on this point but simply note that if the victim is a mere invitee the instruction should be given. See State v. Bobbitt, 415 So.2d 724 (Fla. 1982).

Archie Jerome Johnson killed a man in his apartment and is claiming that he was entitled to meet force with force (Stand Your Ground). Johnson VS State of Florida. Apparently, Archie Jerome Johnson was denied this defense.

This goes a long way toward explaining the historical motive behind the Fulton/Martin approach at Stand Your Ground. In the very least their attachment to this case should have been revealed to any/all interested parties who value objectivity in opinion.

Skip to the 04:45 mark for the “button conversation”

Miami Times Obituary Cory Craig Johnson (1971 – 2008)

Cory Craig Johnson October 10, 1971 – May 1, 2008 Opa Locka, Florida Age 36.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122840,"Dr. Mauricelm-Lei Millere (below left) is a professional Psychotherapist with an office in Columbus Ohio. He is also a Black Panther and leader of The Black Nationalist Network currently calling for the public “whipping” and “lynching” of Martin Baker.

BellNews.Com Shares – Martin Baker (above right) is a black Republican candidate that has found himself in the middle of a racist hate storm after the shooting in Ferguson, Missouri because he supported due process for the officer involved while at the same time supporting the family of the young man who was killed.

Unfortunately for those who make a living from pushing hate, like Mr. Mauricelm-Lei Millere, Baker’s reasonable actions are a threat to his income. So how does he react? The same way most people who are losing an intellectual argument do…they use intimidation by threatening and/or encouraging violence.

According to Mr. Mauricelm-Lei Millere’s Facebook page, he tried to intimidate Mr. Baker by encouraging people to, “catch, beat, drag and whip” Mr. Baker for being a reasonable man. Here is a screenshot from his page:

Dr. Mauricelm-Lei Millere is a professional agitator and Black Nationalist Leader who has injected himself into various grievance protests throughout the nation. Back in 2012 he tried to inject his racism into another case in North Carolina:

The leader of a group calling itself the Black Nationalist Network has scheduled events in Charlotte on Saturday to draw attention to the case of Tanisha Williams, an 18-year-old woman who was somehow left comatose after being arrested on charges of shoplifting.

Not only is Mauricelm-Lei Millere alleging that Charlotte-Mecklenburg police brutally beat the teen, he also alleges that the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department is attempting to cover up what happened by doctoring video footage that appears to show Williams strangling herself with a seatbelt in the back seat of a patrol car. (link)

Prior to that in 2006/2007 Mauricelm-Lei Millere was also heavily involved along with Al Sharpton in pushing the hateful racist rhetoric around the Jena Six rallies.

According to BellNews: “Police claim that because Mr. Baker wasn’t directly threatened, there is nothing they can do“.

Wasn’t directly threatened ?

…”We must physically beat this jiggaboo…”find him, detain him, beat him, and await further instructions“…

Nothing they can do.

It must not meet Attorney General Eric Holder’s threshold or something.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126829,"(iOTW) First of all, when did FOX News decide to make it a “beat up on each other” debate? What good does it do to pit them against each other? Republicans should be standing firm WITH each other against Obama … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131061,"Trying to explain the significance of the last few days, in relationship to the Ted Cruz candidacy, requires the intellectually honest observer to recognize and/or accept the increasingly likely probability: we have been facing a manufactured “false dilemma” longer than most may be willing to accept.

“False Dilemma” – the fallacy of false choice, or the fallacy of the false alternative, is a type of informal fallacy involving a situation in which only limited alternatives are considered, when in fact there is at least one additional option.

In essence, presidential candidate Ted Cruz has been presented, by those who gain leverage in the presentation, as an option – to the previous “establishment candidates“.

Under this assumption, the intent of the option (Cruz) is to block the observer (electorate / us) from considering any additional alternative which remains outside the control of the presenting entity (the DC power brokers, GOPe, Wall Street donor class).

In order to recognize the fallacy of false choice, the audience must engage the new information while reevaluating their prior assumption, positions and options.

That said, Team Cruz has shown new evidence of being much further aligned with the GOPe than most political observers, and high-information voters, might be willing to accept.

Here’s why:

Adding the entire financial team of Jeb Bush which includes: Paul Dickerson of Houston, TX, Boyden Gray of Washington, DC, Charles Foster of Houston, TX, Reginald J. Brown of Washington, DC, Paula and Jim Henry of Midland, TX, and Nancy and Randy Best of Dallas, TX. shows that Ted Cruz is much further in alignment with the Bush clan than most previously recognized.

In addition, by Ted Cruz adding Neil Bush Cruz is signifying an ideological alignment that is 180° divergent than most of the supporters of Ted Cruz would be aware of. These alignments point to a direct acceptance that much of the story-line behind Cruz’s candidacy was false.

As a direct consequence, the fallacy of false choice within the option of Ted Cruz from the outset gains sunlight.

However, this new reality is challenging for many people to accept. To those who cannot bring themselves to accept this paradigm shift, further evidence surfaces today with the endorsement of consummate insider, Carly Fiorina, who said:

“Last Tuesday we had a primary, and I walked into the ballot box,” [Fiorina] told a crowd of Cruz supporters. “I saw my name on the ballot, and it was kind of a thrill, but I checked the box for Ted Cruz.” (link)

That “last Tuesday” reference highlights Fiorina’s home residence (as we previously shared) in Virginia, not California as many people mistakenly think. Fiorina has been the consummate “inside the beltway” politico, even though she was never in an elected position as a politician.

Fiorina worked for the John McCain campaign in 2008 as a surrogate. She again worked in 2012 as an official campaign spokesperson for Mitt Romney. Indeed, in the beginning of her own presidential bid last year, Carly Fiorina stated she was urged to run in 2016 due to a conversation with Mitt Romney.

So, we re-engage the intellectual honesty with a reminder of Carly Fiorina, and now find ourselves answering a nagging previous question.

Why did the Wall Street funders of the Ted Cruz campaign fund the origin of the Carly Fiorina campaign in 2015?

$$500,000 transferred from KtP1 (Keep The Promise) which is Ted Cruz’s Super-PAC, to CfA (Carly for America) Ms. Fiorina’s Super-PAC, in June of 2015.

What clarifies now, with this new information, is how the fallacy of false choice was being presented to us by the Wall Street financial team, the Globalists, last year. Remember, even the FEC wanted know what they were doing (LINK).

Cutting through the intent here and getting to the substance of truth is really not too difficult, but you won’t find many outlets (new media or old) willing to go there. However, as you are aware for us the Truth Has No Agenda, and Sunlight Is The Best Disinfectant.

We begin by watching this video of Carly Fiorina appearing on the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon and the discussion of a Muslim candidate eligible as U.S. President:

Just sticking with raw data, and trying to avoid injecting opinion, now consider this:

CARLY FIORINA – “VISION 2010″: U.S. & ARAB ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES – U.S.-ARAB ECONOMIC FORUM – SEPTEMBER 29, 2003, DETROIT, MICHIGAN:

Thank you for those nice words, Mr. Chairman.

It’s an honor for me to be here this morning. This is the perfect place to host a meeting on the future of the Middle East. The leadership of Arab-Americans in this community – and in the state of Michigan – has been nothing short of dazzling, and I want to thank you for hosting us here this week.

A great deal of time will be spent at the conference this week focusing on the problems of the Arab world. I want to kick things off here today instead by asking you to imagine the possibilities…to imagine what the Gulf region would be like if Arab countries were at the forefront of the global economy…to imagine what the world would be like if Arab nations were the world’s leading force for enlightenment and inclusion…to imagine what the future would be like for a Middle East rooted not in conflict, but anchored in partnership.

Two years ago, less than two weeks after the tragedy of September 11th, I gave a speech in Minnesota in which I said it didn’t take much to imagine that kind of world because we have seen that world before. All it takes is for us to think back to another time, to a civilization that was once considered the greatest in the world.

It was a civilization that was able to create a continental super-state that stretched from ocean to ocean, and from northern climes to tropics and deserts. Within its dominion lived hundreds of millions of people, of different creeds and ethnic origins. One of its languages became the universal language of the world, the bridge between the peoples of a hundred lands.

And this civilization was driven more than anything, by invention. Its writers created thousands of stories. Its poets wrote of love, when others before them were too steeped in fear to think of such things. When other nations were afraid of ideas, this civilization thrived on them, and kept them alive.

While modern Western civilization shares many of these traits, as I said to the audience that day in Minnesota, the civilization I’m talking about, of course, was the Islamic world from the year 800 to 1600, which included the Ottoman Empire and the courts of Baghdad, Damascus and Cairo, and enlightened rulers like Suleiman the Magnificent – rulers who challenged our notions of self and truth; who contributed to our notions of tolerance and civic leadership; whose leadership led to 800 years of invention and prosperity.

As we meet to think about the civilization that exists on that same land today, I ask you to imagine for a moment what a leader like Suleiman would say if he could somehow be here today, and see what the world has become.

I think he would be pleased at how much the world has learned from the example of the open, cooperative society that enlightened the world all those years ago. The Islamic example has helped create a world where democracy and transparency and rule of law are empowering people and taking them to new heights. (read more)

Please read the entire speech and pay close attention to the closing paragraphs.

What you will note is an almost eerie similarity to current Secretary of State John Kerry vis-a-vis the “Jobs for Jihad” program he, and his globalist co-horts, have been advocating for the past three years.

Read everything written by Fiorina and then reference/remember the words used by State Department Spokesperson Marie Harf – they are almost identical.

Next example – look at the following reception by Professor Al-Hassani, the Chairman of FSTC, at the conference “La Deuda Olvidada de Occidente he is responding to the speech of Carly Fiorina and the intended audience in the Mid-East:

[…] In this presentation focus will be on the other manner by which history is distorted: that is, the suppression of centuries of contribution to modern civilisation by the Muslim world. This negligence is apparent in academia, in the media and in the educational curriculum and associated history books, especially those aimed at the general public. The focus on this issue is to alert communities as to the particular significance of the Muslim civilisation and its historical role in giving birth to much of modern science and technology.

The following words by a famous lady well describes this situation and the debt that world history owes to the civilisation created by Muslims. They were pronounced by Mrs. Carleton S. Fiorina, chairman, president, and CEO of Hewlett-Packard Company (1999-2005) in a discourse on 29 September 2003:

[…] When other nations were afraid of ideas, this civilization thrived on them, and kept them alive. When censors threatened to wipe out knowledge from past civilizations, this civilization kept the knowledge alive, and passed it on to others. While modern Western civilization shares many of these traits, the civilization I’m talking about was the Islamic world from the year 800 to 1600, which included the Ottoman Empire and the courts of Baghdad, Damascus and Cairo, and enlightened rulers like Suleiman the Magnificent. Although we are often unaware of our indebtedness to this other civilization, its gifts are very much a part of our heritage. (read more)

Professor Al-Hassani was rejoicing that Carly Fiorina was asserting without Islam there would be no U.S.A., no America, no exceptionalism. This is the exact approach of the U.S. State Department, Charles Rivkin Project, we originally exposed in 2012.

The Rivkin Project was/is a U.S. State Department program with a specific goal to remove national pride and identity in favor of a more global worldview of a collective society, a “multi-cultural” society. Again, these are not interpretations of her words, these are Fiorinas’ own words.

And yes, there are those who are now beginning to connect the dots to President Obama’s first foreign policy speech and travel. Where was it delivered? Cairo Egypt.

Does it make sense now how Fiorina came to be in contact with all those “world leaders” she brags about meeting?

If you need to finally stamp out any reservations or doubt you might have about this agenda; consider Carly Fiorina is also closely linked to the Clinton Global Initiative – SEE HERE ( <—scroll down the page) – providing leadership and mentorship within the Bill and Hillary CGI.

Troubled? You should be. Her globalist ideology is thinly veiled, and in my opinion what has unnerved many of the electorate who did not buy what she was selling. Despite claims to the contrary, the U.S. voter is intelligent and have an innate sense when they are being misled:

I stand with @megynkelly. — Carly Fiorina (@CarlyFiorina) August 8, 2015

♦ Carly Fiorina on Immigration: Pass the DREAM Act. For other undocumented immigrants, a direct path to citizenship is unfair. While running for the U.S. Senate in California in 2010, Fiorina said she supports the DREAM Act, which would give legal status to people who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children.

♦ Carly Fiorina on Climate change: It is real and man made. But government has limited ability to address it. Speaking in New Hampshire in February, Fiorina said there is scientific consensus that climate change is real and caused by humans.

♦ Carly Fiorina on Education: Supports Common Core – Set national standards but give local districts maximum control. No Child Left Behind was positive. In a position paper while running for the U.S. Senate in California, Fiorina strongly advocated for metric-based accountability in schools. She praised No Child Left Behind as setting high standards and Race to the Top for using “internationally bench-marked” measures.

♦ Carly Fiorina never hired after HP Job: […] Here are the facts: In the five years that Fiorina was at Hewlett-Packard, the company lost over half its value. It’s true that many tech companies had trouble during this period of the Internet bubble collapse, some falling in value as much as 27 percent; but HP under Fiorina fell 55 percent. During those years, stocks in companies like Apple and Dell rose. Google went public, and Facebook was launched. The S&P 500 yardstick on major U.S. firms showed only a 7 percent drop. Plenty good was happening in U.S. industry and in technology.

It was Fiorina’s failed leadership that brought her company down. After an unsuccessful attempt to catch up to IBM’s growth in IT services by buying PricewaterhouseCooper’s consulting business (PwC, ironically, ended up going to IBM instead), she abruptly abandoned the strategic goal of expanding IT services and consulting and moved into heavy metal.

At a time that devices had become a low margin commodity business, Fiorina bought for $$25 billion the dying Compaq computer company, which was composed of other failed businesses. Unsurprisingly, the Compaq deal never generated the profits Fiorina hoped for, and HP’s stock price fell by half. The only stock pop under Fiorina’s reign was the 7 percent jump the moment she was fired following a unanimous board vote. After the firing, HP shuttered or sold virtually all Fiorina had bought. (read more)

Against this substantive backdrop, and considering all possible alternative explanations, a reasonable person can only conclude Ted Cruz was a “false choice” all along.

Just a Reminder, this is an insurgency. – The modern enemy of Wall Street is Main Street vulgarians. The enemy of the RNC/GOPe is not Democrats, it’s Grassroots Conservatives, more vulgarians.

The Republican Party, and the Republican media apparatus, view us as their enemy. We are the enemy they need to protect themselves from:

In 2014, the RNC approved selection rules that govern how each state’s delegates are portioned out from the primaries. Under one of the changes, states holding their primaries between March 1 and March 14 will have their delegates doled out proportionately with election results, a change that will likely stymie a movement candidate.

States that have primaries on or after March 15 will be winner-take-all states. That’s important because another RNC rule change requires that a candidate must win a majority of delegates in eight or more states before his or her name may be presented for nomination at the 2016 Republican National Convention.

With 18 GOP presidential candidates, for now, it will be that much harder for any candidate to win a majority in any state, let alone eight. (Article July 2015) Now, ask yourself, why would the RNC want to “stymie a movement candidate“? Who exactly does that benefit? Obviously, the “non-movement” candidate, ie “the turtle“. Isn’t the entire reason for campaigning in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina etc. to make a movement/momentum? In addition Rule #40 changed in 2014 from previously five needed state wins, to a newer threshold of eight (8): Officially, it’s Rule 40 in the RNC handbook and it states that any candidate for president “shall demonstrate the support of a majority of the delegates from each of eight (8) or more states” before their name is presented for nomination at the national convention. (article March 2014) Again, ask yourself who does this benefit? A candidate can win seven states outright, and still not have their name presented for nomination? These rules were made/affirmed in 2014 – Who or what exactly was the GOP concerned about blocking in 2016 that would necessitate such rules? When combined with other rule changes you can clearly identify a consolidation of power within the RNC apparatus intentionally constructed to stop the candidate of the GRASSROOTS from achieving victory. It’s all part of their GOPe Roadmap.

♦ Reference and Resources – (links to internal MSM references are contained within prior outlines): RNC Rule Changes RNC Rule Battles

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133771,"Prior to the revolutionary war the majority did not want to fight England for our independence. During the revolutionary war the majority did not want to help fight England for our independence, they were called loyalists. In the actual fighting itself many loyalists assisted the armies of King George against the army of our congress who were called Continentals.

From our own soil 50,000 Loyalists joined England and fought for King George. For comparison only 35,000 Continentals were in the fight for independence.

Hence 44,500 non-military militia were needed and eventually mobilized from every village and farm.

People often forget it was a minority of patriots who wanted, fought for, and won liberty for an entire nation.

Those Loyalists who favored British colonial rule never left, they were not dispatched after our national independence was won. Those British Loyalists who were uncommitted to our struggle for independence stayed here in a new nation enjoying the liberty and freedom they never lifted a finger to support – and in many cases fought against.

For 207 years we have been in a war of ideas with that uncommitted crew. We have been fighting a war of ideas between a proposition of “liberty and independence”, and those who prefer, or at least are comfortable with, a lesser freedom.

Today that loyalist-minded majority changed the rules.

The resulting impact is no less consequential to the freedom of our nation than if the colonialists would have jailed Patriots in Boston 1773. Or, perhaps even, turned over patriots at Lexington/Concord in 1775 so those within the rebellion could be jailed.

Following the battles at Lexington and Concord, the U.S. congress were declared “traitors” by royal decree. In response congress declared our own Independence.

Today they changed the rules.

Today, President Obama and The Senate Majority, Congress declared those minority Patriots as “traitors” and they will now deliver their vision of a Loyalist victory – albeit 238 years later.

Yeah, everything changed today.

Any man who seeks to deny essential liberty to another without cause, is an evil son of a bitch. He cannot be a “Good Man”.

It is irrelevant if his family likes him or if he is kind to animals, sends his mother in-law flowers or makes the trains run on time. It is irrelevant if you served with him, if he has done brave things in the past. No amount of desire to “protect” or to “secure” or “prevent” will improve him. Declarations of his desire to apply “common sense” and be “reasonable” cannot redeem him.

His desire to deny essential liberty to one, based on the actions of others reveals the monster that abides in the soul of that man. If he seeks this, stating the loss of liberty is necessary for the health of the society he is the philosophical twin of every tyrant and mass murdering butcher in history.

If American society is to survive, the decent, honest citizen must band together to drive these evil people from our society. They must suppress their innate live and let live philosophy and face the unpleasant fact that the man who seeks to deny an individual or a society those essential liberties is a potential killer whose bloody solutions will be incrementally revealed as he gains power. (link)

…”The law is what I say it is”..

.

.

.

The fight didn’t just “get real”, it’s been “real” for quite a while. But today, the battlements ensconced, they moved inside the wire. I submit to you my brothers and sisters that today, this November Twenty One, became St. Crispin’s day.

“Fix Bayonets My Brothers” – […] That he which hath no stomach to this fight,….

…..Let him depart; his passport shall be made,

And crowns for convoy put into his purse;

We would not die in that man’s company

That fears his fellowship to die with us.

This day is call’d the feast of Crispian.

He that outlives this day, and comes safe home,

Will stand a tip-toe when this day is nam’d,

And rouse him at the name of Crispian.

He that shall live this day, and see old age,

Will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbours,

And say ‘To-morrow is Saint Crispian.’

Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars,

And say ‘These wounds I had on Crispian’s day.’

Old men forget; yet all shall be forgot,

But he’ll remember, with advantages,

What feats he did that day. Then shall our names,

Familiar in his mouth as household words-

Harry the King, Bedford and Exeter,

Warwick and Talbot, Salisbury and Gloucester-

Be in their flowing cups freshly rememb’red.

This story shall the good man teach his son;

And Crispin Crispian shall ne’er go by,

From this day to the ending of the world,

But we in it shall be remembered-

We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;

For he to-day that sheds his blood with me

Shall be my brother; be he ne’er so vile,

This day shall gentle his condition;

And gentlemen in England now-a-bed

Shall think themselves accurs’d they were not here,

And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks

That fought with us upon Saint Crispin’s day.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121317,"Originally published in 2014. I thought it worth a re-do, in honor of more grandsons being born and joining the family.

Lately on Facebook, several versions of what it means to be a little boy’s mama have been circulating. They are touching, and bring a smile to your face, a touch of nostalgia, and perhaps even a tear to your eye. You are exhorted to have lots of energy, be ready to put up with bloody noses and reptiles in the house, see movies you don’t like, and various other true things.

We mamas of little boys have a tough job. We deserve a little smile as we ponder our muddy offspring. As I type this, my just recently de-mudded grandson is graciously allowing me a few minutes to recoup from a busy day of swimming, mud bogging, dump trucking, and hugging stinky dogs. His sister hung right in there with him. So, yes, we even need these moments that tell our hearts that our efforts are special moments that will unfold in a story book life for our beloved sons.

However, we also need some harder truths, and now is a good time to take a look at that. So, here’s my version, for what it’s worth.

You might think, because I write this, that I am an expert and my sons are jet setting billionaires who are in a third world country fixing the unfixable problems. Nope, they are just normal guys, who have normal lives with some really wonderful successes like those grandkids temporarily being angels, and great jobs, fun hobbies, or devotion to family and friends. Being there when family needs help, rooting for the right football team (Go Irish!), sitting by hospital beds, listening to troubles. They have tried and failed, tried and succeeded, fallen and got back up too many times to count.

I’d like to begin by looking at where I want to end up. Since this is my post, I am of course going to give you my opinion of what a man should be, without a single apology or whimper of remorse.

Your little boy should grow into this wonderful creature called a man, and to express that manhood as God meant it to be, indeed, as God wrote it into the very cells of his creation, he is called to reflect the image of his Creator, to walk to paths directed and laid out for him by that Creator, to reach down inside himself to bring forth the manly strength written in those muscles made to be so much bigger and stronger than yours, his mother, to rise to the challenges and overcome the trials that life will throw his way, and in the doing, he is going to get banged up and bloody, discouraged and tired.

If he’s going to make that long hard journey, he needs to be training for it, and that starts with you, from the moment you fall in love with his unfocused but intent gaze, swaddled in his first blanket.

Now that we know where we want to go, how do we get there? Listen closely, this first part matters more than anything else. Your little boy needs this more than anything else you can ever in his whole life give him.

Choose his father well.

Choose. Choose. Don’t let your little boy be a biological accident whose sperm donor is on the street dealing drugs. Pick a man, a man who can guide that little guy down life’s rocky road.

Pick a man who will be just as likely to spend the night in the emergency room with him as he would to play catch. Pick a man who will lead that little boy in righteous ways, and teach him the values of a man, the strength of a man, the love and compassion of a man.

Fatherhood needs participation, not just chromosomes. There are some truly wonderful single mothers out there, and God has given them the grace to overcome and to do what it takes to raise good and decent young men, but a boy really needs a father to teach him to be a man.

Before we get off the subject of dads, if you did your job and picked a man, a real man, he’s going to teach your son some things that you don’t like. Some things that really make you uncomfortable and hurt. No, I’m not talking about how to belch on demand and the fart jokes. I’m talking about how to be strong, how to get up when you fall, how to be disciplined and tough, how to be a winner.

He isn’t going to be a participation ribbon guy. He’s going to push your son to excel. He’s going to lean on him when he’s lazy. He’s going to give him really tough goals. He’s going to look him in the eye and ask him if he wants to stick with that story. He’s going to teach him things you think might be dangerous, like how to ride a bike sooner than you think he’s ready, climb a tree, how to use the lawnmower before you think he’s big enough, how to use power tools, how to run a race, fix a car, answer for his mistakes. Maybe even how to be a soldier or a sailor, how to go off to war.

His punishments are going to be tough, his standards high. It will take a lot more to impress him, really impress him, than it will you.

He won’t worry so much about your son’s fragile feelings, because he knows that true worth comes from that confident manliness that cannot come from participation medals and common core teaching, or lots of mom’s hugs.

Get out of his way. Let him teach your son the tough, shoe leather side of being a man. He will do it with his example, but he has to do it with his standards, his discipline, his tough, tough love, his demands, and yes, even his punishments.

Help him. Work with him. Unite with him. The little boy God gave you both needs both of you to make him whole. Each assume your role, and the battles you face will be faced with the unstoppable power of a family, a home, stability and strength. Give him those most priceless gifts, and you will give the world a man to be reckoned with.

Now that the foundation is out of the way, there isn’t a lot to add. Just the common sense stuff.

Your overwhelming instinct is to love and protect, and fortunately for us mamas, little boys really need that. But we need to learn when they don’t need it too. They need to learn to be independent. They need to learn by doing, they have lots of curiosity. Let them use it.

They also have lots of natural aggression. Part of growing into manhood is learning to control it. The world has too many bullies. One thing I learned from my husband and father in law, two world-class dads, is that an aggressive boy needs physical activity and demanding work, not just play. He needs responsibility from a pretty early age. He needs accountability.

As he grows, teach him to work, teach him the value of a job well done. Don’t do it for him, and for his sake, make him do it over when he’s shoddy. Teach him by example that there is no substitute for a good job.

Don’t be the mama who always says “My son wouldn’t do that.” Yes, he will. He will do some really rotten things, and you are not going to want to believe it. Dad will usually be way ahead of you in knowing that yes, he deliberately spray painted Mr. Young’s new shed, or broke Sarah’s new doll. Or snuck out the window, wrecked the car because he was speeding, or was drinking at a party when you thought he was at a friend’s house.

Look with your eyes and not your preconceived ideas, because, yes, he will do that. Now, make him pay the piper. Never ever stand between him and the repercussions of his actions.

Teach him honesty, and realize he’s learning it by your example and not your words. When you give a cashier back the five too much she gave you, he’s learning. When you call in sick to work, then go shopping, he’s learning. Don’t wonder why he lies to you tomorrow.

In all things, homework, chores, sports, trouble with bullies, help him, but don’t do it for him. Stand beside him, not in front of him. Your job is to always remember that one day, you won’t be there, and that is as it should be.

Teach him to respect women by being a respectable woman. Boy, is this your job. First of all, way back in step one, picking his dad, you gave him a big jump on this because you picked a man who admires and respects women, and is teaching your son to do the same. But you are teaching him the why and the how. You are teaching him the worth of a good woman, and to look beneath the cheerleader outfit to see the cruelty or the compassion. He might not be the best at that at fourteen, but keep the faith. The essence of the man you and his dad are forming will whip those hormones. Most of the time.

Teach him that life is hard, and sometimes bad things happen, even when you do the right thing. Teach him to be ready for the bad, and just deal with it. Teach him to face adversity with confidence and yes, cheer.

Teach him to keep going, even when he wants to give up. You do this by steps. Finish the task you started. No, I won’t come pick you up on Mount Rainy because it’s raining. Start baseball season with the Bruisers and find out you don’t like it or they lose a lot? Tough, you gotta finish it. He wrecked his car and wants yours? Is that best, or should you teach him that there are repercussions, and he might have to take a bus, or be without a car for a date?

Finally, lead him to faith. Be a Godly example, give him the opportunity to know the wonder of God’s love for him, ground his world in the strength that only comes from his Creator, and you have given him every gift you want for him as a parent. Without this, he has no chance. With it, he cannot be defeated. It will be a gift he must accept or reject, as they all are, but without your example to follow, your belief to ground himself in, he will flounder and search for value and good. Give him a moral conscience, and an unending source of strength and love, and then watch him become the man he was meant to be, reflecting the perfect love from which he came.

If he sees you in prayer when times are tough, and also when things are well, he sees the source of your strength, and the foundation of your joy. If your answers come from your faith, your belief system instead of just your desires, he learns to look for truth and rightness. If you lead him into church on Sundays, he will find answers that exist no other place on Earth. He will find Heaven above.

Then one day, when the time comes, he will come home to you, holding the hand of a beautiful young lady and speak the best words in the world.

“We’re going to have a baby.” This, ladies, is the best reward in the whole wide world for being a mother.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
5557,"Western Leaders who have come to a position recognizing a Global Terror Jihad:

√ George W Bush (former U.S. President)

√ Tony Blair (former U.K Prime Minister)

√ Tony Abbott (Current PM Australia)

√ Stephen Harper (Current PM Canada)

√ David Cameron (Current PM U.K.)

√ Fattah El Sisi (Current President Egypt)

Western Leaders who deny, or refuse to recognize, a Global Terror Jihad:

Χ Barack Obama (Current U.S. President)

Χ Julia Gillard (Former PM Australia)

Χ François Hollande (Current French President)

Χ Recep Erdogan (Current President Turkey)

Now, this is merely an objective exercise. However, what do the leaders in the denial group have in common? Answer: They are all ideological socialists (modern progressives).

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
127764,"Apparently, Anthony Weiner was busy presenting himself , yet again, last summer to yet another Young Progressive recipient. Under the guise of “Carlos Danger”, the infamous penis was well received by a young lady operating as “Sydney Leathers“. The New York Times says they’ve seen enough. Gee, ya think….

Weiner's biggest challenge as mayor will be finding a location in NY more than 300 yards from a school. — David Burge (@iowahawkblog) July 23, 2013

New York Times – At some point, the full story of Anthony Weiner and his sexual relationships and texting habits will finally be told. In the meantime, the serially evasive Mr. Weiner should take his marital troubles and personal compulsions out of the public eye, away from cameras, off the Web and out of the race for mayor of New York City.

Mr. Weiner, who resigned from Congress two years ago after sending lewd messages and photos of his crotch to women he had not met, was forced to revisit the issue on Tuesday, and so were we all. A Web site called The Dirty had another woman’s story, another round of sex texts, and another picture of Mr. Weiner’s penis. The startling news was that this new episode apparently took place last summer, only a few months before Mr. Weiner was to begin another run at public office. The marital trauma that Mr. Weiner and his wife, Huma Abedin, had said was behind them was not as far behind as we thought.

When the first texts were revealed two years ago, Mr. Weiner lied about it, saying he had been the victim of hackers. Then he owned up, tearfully abandoned his office and retreated into private life. Then he was back, telling the world that therapy and his wife’s forgiveness had turned him around and that he was ready to begin a new chapter. That turned out to be the mayor’s race, which he entered in May. What he did not say then, and what voters did not realize until Tuesday, was that his resignation had not been the end of his sexual misconduct.

The timing here matters, as it would for any politician who violates the public’s trust and then asks to have it back. Things are different now, he insists. “This behavior is behind me,” he said again on Tuesday. He suggested that people should have known that his sexting was an unresolved problem well into 2012.

That’s ridiculous and speaks to a familiar but repellent pattern of misleading and evasion. It’s up to Mr. Weiner if he wants to keep running, to count on voters to forgive and forget and hand him the keys to City Hall. But he has already disqualified himself. (read article)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123243,"(Via PJ Media) There are some weeks when you know it’s the 21st century not because the last seven days are markedly different from its immediate predecessor, but that a confluence of stories news stories emphasize how different the problems — and the opportunities — of the current age have become.

Think about it.

A major league baseball game played to an empty stadium, but most of the audience could still watch it. An American billionaire space entrepreneur has launched a tourist spacecraft from a Texas spaceport to compete with the one in development from a California spaceport. A probe is nearing Pluto, the last of the “classic nine” planets to be visited. Then it will be on its way to the Kuiper Belt objects beyond Pluto.

Another American space billionaire has announced consumer energy storage device that promises a limited amount of independence from the grid. Microsoft has launched an augmented reality product that will superimpose holographic images on the “real world”. Robots are now commonplace. Perhaps most fascinating of all, a research group at NASA claims it has asserted that propellantless drive works — although very serious questions remain over whether the results are a false positive or even fraudulent. However if it’s real then the articles point out that we will be able to travel to other planets in weeks, rather than years.

But here to remind us there’s another side to the 21st century are demands by Muslims for a “right of return” to Spain, because their medieval ancestors were unlawfully dispossessed.

The Atlantic says studies show that the millenial generation will be relatively childless, saying that “today’s twentysomethings have a lower birthrate than any previous generation. … For Hispanic and black women, the majority of the fertility decline was explained by falling birth rates among unmarried women. … For white women, though, the story was very different: ’81 percent of the decrease in fertility is attributable to declining marriage rates.’”

In Baltimore, employment is as low as the murder rate is high. Not a single Fortune 500 company is headquartered there. If the 21st century is here, they haven’t gotten the word.

It seems as Dickens put it, “the worst of times and the best of times”. A time of divergence. A moment when people are going backward while some are looking forward. (continue reading)

….just sayin’

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223290,"Tilting at windmills is very very costly ….

(H/t Small Dead Animals)

A good friend of mine runs a business in the County. He has done so for 40 years. He showed me his electricity bill last week. In December, he spent $$770 on electricity. It was one of the least expensive lines on his bill. The global adjustment charge was $$4,267.32. There was also a delivery charge, a debt retirement charge and an array of taxes.

In total, he spent nearly $$10,000 in December—for $$770 of electricity. He doesn’t know where this money is going. He is not sure he can keep up. He isn’t alone.



The Liberal Government of Ontario, in a feverish bit of “do-goodism” social justice advocacy, made the decision to significantly idle their fully paid for, clean, effective hydro-electric generating stations to pivot to a “diversified” “green” energy policy that relied upon solar and wind. to replace older, coal-powered generating stations that were being phased out as part of the “anti-coal” ideology so in vogue with the far Left. This is the same energy policy that is currently being pursued by the Germans, and, combined with “cap and trade” swaps, is the holy grail of energy policy for the Obama Administration. Obama did warn Americans that after his energy policies were fully implemented, “electricity prices would necessarily skyrocket” ….

The costs of transitioning to “alternative” energy were enormous, not to mention the havoc it played with the existing power grid. Reliable, steady hydro-electric power would be shut down to make room in the power generation band for the transmission of wind and solar into the grid, but then hydro-electric and coal generated power would have to be brought up again after sun-down, when wind and solar generation was non-existent. Wind power can not supply “base-load” generation on demand, and must be “backed up” by stand-by natural gas turbines – at additional cost, of course. The Liberal government budgeted $$585 million for two gas-fired generation plants that were never built, as one of the many fool-hardy and fiscally irresponsible choices deemed necessary to push “green energy policy” forward.

Power plant operators were directed to allow water to “spill” over the dams circumventing the hydro-electric generation turbines to favor the more expensive, ineffective “green” generation streams. Not only was it costly and ineffective – as if that was all! – the feel-good, drum-circle policy knowingly created second and third order corrosive economic effects downstream which are now crippling even well established businesses:

“…The global adjustment is a catch-all fee that covers the provincial government’s intervention in electricity generating market. It pays for solar generators, industrial wind turbine plants and subsidized exports to Michigan and Quebec. It covers the subsidized rates some chosen industries pay. It pays for the lawyers who battle residents and groups—including the Prince Edward County Field Naturalists—at tribunals and courtrooms across the province.

In essence, my friend is paying an amount nearly six times the value of the electricity he used to line the pockets of industrial wind developers, solar companies, lawyers, foreign owned smelters, as well as enriching Michigan’s coffers to take this power off our grid.”

Read the whole tragic tale here.

Progressive Policy Making at its finest.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225088,"“The mainstream media, they make me sick! They’re hypocrites and we need to call them out on that!”

Story below the fold…

(Newsbusters)…Sarah Palin on Tuesday weighed in on the press’s reaction to comments Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum made about Satan in 2008. Appearing on Fox News’s Hannity, the former Alaska Governor said, “For these lamestream media characters to get all wee-weed up about that, first you have to ask yourself, ‘Have they ever attended a Sunday school class even? Have they never heard this terminology before?'”

SEAN HANNITY, HOST: Let me go to Senator Santorum. Now he has his moment in the controversial sun because now that he’s gone up and been surging in the polls as much as he has, a couple of issues have come up. Some have suggested, although taken totally out of context, the remarks about theology and questioning the president’s quote “Christianity.” That’s not what he was talking about. And we had him on the program last night to explain that.

Also, a speech that he gave to Ave Maria College in Naples, Florida, in which he talked about “Satan has his sights on the United States of America.” And it seems like there are some that are trying to create a caricature, a picture of him as being on the fringe. I believe there’s good and evil. I believe in the Lord’s Prayer. You look at fascism, Nazism, imperial Japan, the Killing Fields, 9/11. I would argue that’s evil in our lifetime. Is it not, or evil in our time and in the last century as well?

SARAH PALIN: Yeah, but Sean, that’s foreign to so many in that leftist media that kind of runs the show here, that narrative that they create. They will attack any conservative who boldly proclaims their faith and talks about there is good in the world and there is evil in the world. And that’s what Rick Santorum was talking about. And this was a speech he gave back in 2008 where he named evil as Satan. And for these lamestream media characters to get all wee-weed up about that, first you have to ask yourself, “Have they ever, ever attended a Sunday school class even? Have they never heard this terminology before?” And that’s why they got so, you know, just whacked out about this speech.

They did the same thing to me. I gave a speech. Sean, I gave a speech back in 2008 where I asked college and high school students if they would pray for our troops, and pray for our efforts overseas in warzones. And they ran that tape over and over again in the vice presidential race trying to make me sound like a whacko talking about good and evil in our world.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222579,"With Secretary Clinton essentially disappearing from the campaign trail (focusing almost exclusively on fundraising), many people have noted an unusual scheduled event for presidential candidate Hillary Clinton appearing on her calendar, a fundraiser in Amsterdam – North Holland, by former U.S. Ambassador Timothy Broas .

If, as the media continue to espouse, Hillary Clinton has an “insurmountable lead” in the presidential race, why so much emphasis on raising money for a contest her team claims is easily already won? What gives?… and why Amsterdam for a fundraiser?

Let’s take a look, beginning with the guy trying to raise the money for the campaign; the “speaker”, Timothy Broas.

Tim Broas was a former Ambassador to the Netherlands for less than two years. After initially seeing his diplomatic nomination derailed in 2012 –busted for a DUI and resisting arrest charge in June– Broas gained the support of the White House again in 2013 and took the diplomatic post in March 2014. He quit the assignment February 2016.

A look at his history as presented by allgov.com shows a Broas was well enmeshed in Democrat political circles for many years:

[…] A partner in the Washington, DC, office of the Chicago-based law firm of Winston & Strawn, Broas has raised more than $$500,000 for Obama’s re-election efforts as a bundler…in other words, he raised the money from friends, family, or business associates. For Obama’s 2008 campaign, Broas bundled between $$200,000 and $$500,000.

[…] According to records released by the Obama administration, Broas has visited the White House 39 times since 2009, including eight visits with the president and five West Wing meetings with Pete Rouse, a top adviser who served as Obama’s chief of staff and is now the president’s counselor.

[…] He started his private practice career as an associate at two New York City law firms: Conboy, Hewitt, O’Brien & Boardman from 1980 to 1983 and Whitman & Ransom from 1983 to 1985. Relocating to Washington, DC, Broas was a partner at Anderson, Hibey & Blair from 1986 to 1995, when he joined the DC office of the Chicago-based law firm of Winston & Strawn, where he has specialized in white-collar criminal defense ever since.

Clients Broas has represented include UBS Securities, LLC; Legg Mason; Otsuka America Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Alstom Holdings; Ingersoll-Rand, Ltd.; and Papa John’s International, Inc. He also represented the left-leaning group Citizen Action until it was shut down because of its involvement in funding a Teamsters election campaign, and Neil Volz, chief of staff to Rep. Bob Ney (R-Ohio), during the unfolding of the Jack Abramoff scandal in 2005-2006.

In 2005, Broas was appointed to the Board of Visitors of Mount Vernon by Virginia Gov. Mark Warner and was reappointed in 2009 by Governor Tim Kaine; both are Democrats. He was appointed by Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley (also a Democrat) to the Board of Trustees of St. Mary’s College of Maryland in 2011. In 2010, President Obama appointed Broas to the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, a nonpartisan think tank created by Congress in 1968.

Timothy Broas is married to fellow attorney Julie Broas, who practiced labor law for two decades at the Washington, DC, office of the Jones, Day law firm and now works at the Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless as the Jones Day Senior Fellow. (link and more)

Tim Broas, the Ambassador/Clinton fundraiser, also serves on the board of trustees for an organization called “Partners in Health” (PiH). (Link)

PiH is part of the larger Clinton network, the Clinton Global Initiative.

The co-founder of Partners in Health (PiH) is Paul Farmer who also has close ties with the Clinton Foundation. (link)

Partners in Health, Farmer and Broas, (PiH) operate clinics and hospitals across Haiti (link)

… and has close ties with another notable member of PiH, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim.

It would appear that Mr. Timothy Broas is leveraging his prior 20 month experience in the Netherlands (as an official U.S. diplomat) in conjunction with his experience with the Clinton Foundation, and all the varied domestic and international interests therein, to gather up money for Hillary Clinton campaign.

The Clinton Global Initiative (international partners) able to deliver funding to the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton by using Tim Broas as “the loyal bagman“.

* footnote * I’m sure this is just a coinkydink name, but there’s a name on the PiH board of trustees that might also be familiar.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128005,"(Politico) — Raising the rhetorical stakes around local battles over voting laws [voter ID laws], DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz yesterday compared Republican efforts to tighten access to the polls to notorious segregation-era Jim Crow laws. Roland Martin asked Wasserman Schutlz about the laws in an interview on the African-American network TV One’s “Washington Watch” program, according to a transcript from the network:

[I]f you go back to the year 2000, when we had an obvious disaster and – and saw that our voting process needed refinement, and we did that in the America Votes Act and made sure that we could iron out those kinks, now you have the Republicans, who want to literally drag us all the way back to Jim Crow laws and literally – and very transparently – block access to the polls to voters who are more likely to vote Democratic candidates than Republican candidates. And it’s nothing short of that blatant.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224139,Perhaps the best soundbite of the day comes from Steve Bannon answering a question about whether the administration perceives the future having a better or worse relationship with the Mostly Swamp Media. WATCH: As CTH has stated since the fall … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223653,"We’ve been to this rodeo so frequently there’s a transparent pattern.

Notice anything missing?

♦ There does not appear to be a public call by the family of Philando Castile for the release of the radio dispatch from St. Anthony’s Police department. Why do you think that is?

♦ There does not appear to be a public call by the family of Philando Castile for the immediate release of the Dash-Cam video. Nor is the media driving that transparency narrative as they customarily do in high profile events.

Why do you think that is?

Regarding #1 point above. The only release of the radio communication came from an anonymous leak to a local TV station. The leak provided the essential framework to understand why Officer Yeronimo Yanez stopped the vehicle driven by Philando Castile.

Vis-a-vis the matching description of the 7/2/16 armed robbery suspect:

[…] Employees described one suspect [USA1] to police as a black man with longer than shoulder-length dreadlocks, who wore blue jeans, a green plaid long-sleeved shirt, dark-color shoes with white highlights, glasses and a baseball cap printed with marijuana leaves, the release says. He may have had a mustache. The other suspect [USA2] was described as a black man with shoulder-length dreadlocks, who wore tan pants, tan shoes with white soles, a green jacket, a green baseball cap and glasses, the release says. He also had some of his hair pulled into a bun through the strap on the back of his hat and had a small mustache and facial hair on his chin (link)

The only way we know the reason for Officer Jeronimo Yanez to pull over the vehicle is because of police radio. The motive for the stop was outlined in the police audio.

“I’m going to stop a car. I’m going to check IDs. I have reason to pull it over.” “The two occupants just look like people that were involved in a robbery. The driver looks more like one of our suspects, just ‘cause of the wide set nose.” (link)

The audio was leaked. Why do you think that is?

Could it possibly be officers within St Anthony PD know exactly what the grievance industry does when they create a false narrative?

Could it be they know the only way to eliminate the false narrative, in essence to counter the lies, is to force the truth into the hands of those who will have no option than to present it ?

The truth and transparency of action has no agenda. However, those who benefit from hiding shaping the truth benefit from the hiding details, delaying information, and the deliberate obfuscation of facts.

We saw this in every previous case where it was the scheme team or the grievance group who were vested in keeping the truth hidden. (Trayvon Martin, Mike Brown, Freddie Gray and Walter Scott)…. Another familiarity:

“He’s not a gangbanger. He’s not a thug“.

32-year-old Philando Castile Facebook “Crips” Gang Group:

P.O.L.O = Property Of Locs Only

(Click Image Above To Open and Explore)

♦ Issue #3 – The Now Infamous Hand Gun Permit Banter:

The Star Tribune went to great lengths to assert:

Philando Castile had a valid permit to carry a gun when he was shot and killed by a St. Anthony police officer, a source confirmed to the Star Tribune Friday. […] In the video, Reynolds said Castile told the officer, Jeronimo Yanez, that he had a permit and was carrying a gun. Yanez shot Castile multiple times. “He’s licensed to carry, he was trying to get his ID, his wallet out of his pocket and he let the officer knew he had a firearm and was reaching for his wallet,” Reynolds said in the video as a bloodied Castile lay in the driver’s seat dying. Although the names of gun permit holders are not public under state law, a source confirmed Castile was issued the permit when he lived in Robbinsdale. (link)

The article states: “when he lived in Robbinsdale” and that is past tense.

Do I need to notify the sheriff’s office when I move?

Yes, a permit holder is required to notify the issuing sheriff’s office within 30 days of a permanent address change. Failure to do so is a petty misdemeanor. (link)

How long ago did Philando Castile move from Robbinsdale? Did Philando Castile re-register his address? Was the carry permit, if he indeed had one, valid?

POLICE RECORD:

1. Violate instr permit – dismissed

2. No proof of insurance – guilty

3. Basic speed – guilty

4. Driving after suspension – dismissed

5. No proof of insurance – guilty

6. No seat belt use – dismissed

7. No proof of insurance – guilty

8. Impede traffic – dismissed

9. No Minnesota driver’s license – amended charge guilty

10. Driving after suspension of driver’s license – Convicted

11. No proof of insurance – dismissed

12. No proof of insurance – convicted

13. Driving after revocation – Dismissed

15. Driving after suspension – Dismissed

16. No proof of insurance – guilty

17. Speeding – dismissed

18. Driver’s license – failure to obtain new – dismissed

19. Muffler required – dismissed

20. Driving after revocation – guilty

21. Operation of motor vehicle after loss of license prohibited – dismissed

22. Dangerous public road/water – convicted

23. Driving after revocation – convicted

24. No proof of insurance – dismissed

25. Driving after revocation – convicted

26. Seat belt violation – dismissed

27. Driving after revocation – convicted

28. Proof on insurance – Dismissed

29. Driving after revocation – convicted

30. Driving after revocation – convicted

31. Driving after revocation – convicted

32. Seat belt required – convicted

33. Seat belt required – convicted

34. Driving after revocation – convicted

35. Driving after revocation – convicted

36. Driving after revocation – convicted

37. Driving after revocation – convicted

38. Driving after revocation – convicted

39. Driving after revocation – convicted

40. Stop/stand/park vehicle at any place where official signs prohibit stopping – convicted

41. Expired registration – dismissed

42. Snow emergency parking restrictions – convicted

43. Stop/stand/park vehicle on any street/ally, at the same location, for more than 48 consecutive hours – convicted

44. Abandon motor vehicle on any public/private property without consent – convicted

45. Stop/stand/park vehicle on any street/ally, at the same location, for more than 48 consecutive hours – convicted

In Dakota County, he also had some traffic offenses:

46. Driving after suspension – guilty

In Hennepin County, Castile had these violations:

47. Driving after revocation – convicted

48. Display altered/fictitious insurance card – dismissed

49. Driving after revocation – convicted

50. Seat belt required – dismissed

51. Uninsured vehicle – convicted

52. Driving after revocation – dismissed

53. Seat belt required – dismissed

54. Impromper display original plate – convicted

55. Seat belt required – convicted

There were two drug incidents listed on Castile’s record, but both were listed as dismissed by the court system:

1. Possess marijuana in motor vehicle – dismissed

2. Drugs – possess over 1.4 grams of marijuana in motor vehicle – dismissed

(Link to Records)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
130692,"The South Carolina debate moderator is CBS News political director John Dickerson. He will be joined by CBS News White House correspondent Major Garrett, and The Wall Street Journal’s Kimberley Strassel.

The debate will air live on CBS from 9 p.m. to 11 p.m. EST tonight. – Live Stream HERE

For those watching at home – feel free to join in with your thoughts on the debate below.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123990,"In case you were wondering what “quickly means” in the mind of President Obama allow me to give you a few recent (last 48 hrs) examples, you decide: #1 ) The Senate was forced to vote on New Years Day, at 2:00am, for … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129826,"Ron Paul calls this debate “wildly inappropriate” citing concerns about the “seriousness” of the debate. He states “The selection of a reality television personality to host a presidential debate that voters nationwide will be watching is beneath the office of the Presidency and flies in the face of that office’s history and dignity.”

He added, “Mr. Trump’s participation as moderator will distract from questions and answers concerning important issues such as the national economy, crushing federal government debt, the role of the federal government, foreign policy, and the like. To be sure, Mr. Trump’s participation will contribute to an unwanted circus-like atmosphere.”

Really? But whining about not getting enough time after each debate is so, well, presidential? Perhaps someone should wake Ron Paul up to the fact we are living in a new millenium. Ever since Bill Clinton played the sax on Arsenio Hall show, candidates and presidents have not only been visiting, but have been engaging audiences on Oprah, Leno, Letterman, Jimmy Fallon, The View, Jon Stewart etc ? Heck, even Richard Nixon did Laugh-In.

Not only does Ron Paul not “get it”, but Mr. I Don’t Get Enough Face Time, disconnects further by not recognizing this could be the highest rated debate, seen by more people than all the others combined. And what about the prior debate moderators? Wolf Blitzer, Brian Williams, the MSNBC Panel et al? are they more “enlightened” or less “clownish” with their diatribes and insufferable attempts at gotcha questioning. Is Ron Paul intentionally trying to prop up the main stream media as serious or proper, while totally ignoring their ideological hell-bent approach at tearing conservatives down?

This is just further evidence of how Ron Paul frames himself like Captain Crazy Pants running in circles arguing insufferable stupidity while one pant leg is mistakenly sewed to the couch cushion by his own hand at hemming.

How can this man be considered a “serious” presidential candidate when he does not even understand the power and influence of social media, the real media, in modern-day 2011. Before he starts throwing out the “clown” descriptive, he might want to look down.

Those ain’t serious size 26 red floppy wingtips down there Captain.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223066,"Last night I posted a question about the motive of the DC shooter, contrast against the reporting done by CNN. Many people have fallen into the trap of reconciliation without actually looking at the framing of the discussion.

At 7pm Monday, on the CNN show outlined, the racial identity of the victims was an unknown variable. While *that* racial identity of the victims was unknown, CNN was talking in very specific terms about how the shooter, Aaron Alexis, had the capability to be highly “selective” and “accurate” with his chosen victims.

….a novice with no training, with very little training could put just about every bullet in the magazine within about a two-inch area from 100 yards….

However, as soon as the identity of the first set of victims was released, the CNN talking points took a dramatic turn. The five original victims were identified – ALL WHITE.

The released identity of the first set of victims showed they were all white. All white victims, contrast against a black shooter -and- CNN flips the shooting narrative to be one of “random” inaccurate shotgun blasts.

The “highly selective accuracy” changed to “random inaccuracy“.

Coincidence? I think not, but you decide.

The original post I presented was about the media -and their framing- combined with the racial aspect of the shooting itself and a best friend, Nutpisit Suthamtewakul, who was going to be the shooter’s best man in a cancelled wedding, who stated Alexis:

….had a couple of issues with being black. He felt he hadn’t been treated right, not by the Navy, just generally….

Given the racial identity of the shooter, given the racial identity of the victims, and given the comment by the shooter’s closest friend, the CNN narrative changed.

QUICKLY.

Unlike the George Zimmerman case where the victim was black, and the shooter falsely identified as “white”, CNN has a divergent motive presentation when the racial roles flip at the DC Naval Yard.

In the Zimmerman case, CNN, along with all other media, were quick to attach a racial component to the story line. Even after the racial identity of George Zimmerman was shown to be Hispanic, they still used “White” in their descriptives. It was an ideological fit for their narrative.

However a potential motive of a race-based shooting, with black on white violence, and CNN quickly changes the presentation; so quick in fact, they do it mid-information flow.

Later, when the remaining 7 victims were identified, and two of those newly identified victims were shown to be African American, the shooter motivation enters the evolutionary room yet again.

[…] Frasier had been missing all day. Her family called and sent her text messages but got only silence in return. No government agency confirmed her death to her relatives until late Monday night, well past the evening news. (link)

When the race of the victims was unknown (Mon), the sold motive was anger and high target accuracy.

When the race of the victims was known to be only white (Tue), the sold motive was PTSD and random target inaccuracy.

When the race of the victims is both…. well, that’s the narrative of today.

This time with CNN breathing a figurative sigh of relief.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129297,"Looks like he regretted spending so much time at the office jihad.

(GuardianUK) Osama Bin Laden’s last wish, according to a document purported to be his will, was that his wives not remarry after his death and his children not join al-Qaeda.

Al-Anbaa, a Kuwaiti newspaper, reported on Tuesday that the will, marked “private and confidential” was dated 14 December 2001, three months after the 9/11 attacks, when US forces were hunting him in Afghanistan.

The four-page document, written on a computer and signed by “your brother Abu Abdullah Osama Muhammad Bin Laden,” predicts that he would die by the “treachery” of those around him. Al-Anbaa does not reveal how or when it obtained the will or whether it was able to authenticate it. Al-Majallah, a Saudi-owned Arabic magazine, published a similar document in 2002 but it was dismissed as a fraud by a pro-jihadi website.

In the document, Bin Laden lists the assault on New York’s twin towers in a sequence beginning with the suicide bomb attack on US marines in Lebanon in 1983, the killing of 19 US marines serving as UN peacekeepers in Somalia in 1993 and the bombing of the US embassy in Nairobi in 1998.

But its most striking feature is that he orders his wives not to remarry and urges his children not to join al-Qaeda or go to “the front”, citing the example of the seventh century Muslim Caliph Omar bin Khattab to his son Abdullah. Bin Laden also asked his children to forgive him for not having spent enough time with them.

“I have chosen a path fraught with dangers and endured hardships, disappointment and betrayal. If it wasn’t for betrayal, things would be different today. “As for you, my sons, forgive me if I failed to devote more of my time to you since I answered the call to Jihad.”

He ends his will by advising “the mujahideen wherever they are” to suspend “the fight against the Jews and the Crusaders and start to purge your ranks of agents and defeatists.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223258,"CARIBBEAN SEA (NNS) — President Donald J. Trump visited the amphibious assault ship USS Kearsarge (LHD 3), Oct. 3, to discuss relief efforts in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands with Navy and Marine Corps leadership. President Trump met with Governor Kenneth Mapp of the US Virgin Islands aboard the Kearsarge:

.

Ward Room – USS Kearsarge – [Transcript] 2:54 P.M. EDT

THE PRESIDENT: Okay, thank you very much. I wanted to begin by saying well be leaving tomorrow morning very early from the White House. Well be going to Las Vegas. We will be paying our personal respects and condolences to everybody.

What happened is such a tragedy. So unnecessary — who can believe what happened in Las Vegas. Great love for the people, great love for the people of our country, and I look forward to going tomorrow. The First Lady will be coming with me, and were going to be paying our respects and condolences. Well be leaving early in the morning.

We are here on this great ship today, and I want to thank the admiral; I want to thank the captain very much. Thank you very much. This is some ship. Most people would never know a ship like this exists. This is for helicopters of all sizes and types, and its quite something. And its done a tremendous service for Puerto Rico and for the U.S. Virgin Islands.

And were really — we were so nicely treated by the U.S. Virgin Islands, frankly, over the years. They’re great people, and were helping out.

And we have with us Governor Kenneth Mapp, who has been very generous with what he said about Brock, about everybody at FEMA, the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, the Coast Guard, the whole thing. And Kenneth, we very much appreciate your remarks, and I appreciate it very much.

And were really here right now for you. We have — because of the size, the massive size of the airplane, the runways cant handle it. But the runways have now handled it. They’ve been open, and they’re handling a lot of aircraft and a lot of help.

And your people have been very resilient, and they have done a great job. They’re already starting the rebuilding process. And you got hit twice. You were hit very hard.

GOVERNOR MAPP: In 12 days.

THE PRESIDENT: In 12 days, you got hit twice. And Puerto Rico got hit twice. They had a grazing one that actually the United States took a lot of brunt from, and then they got hit by Maria, and that was dead center.

So Kenneth, thank you very much. I very appreciate it. Would you like to say something?

GOVERNOR MAPP: Yes, I would, Mr. President. I want to, on behalf of the people of the Virgin Islands, first, thank you and your entire federal family and federal team of FEMA, of DOD, for all the help that you’ve been providing to the people of the Virgin Islands.

The people of the Virgin Islands asked me to extend the gratitude and appreciation to you. It has hastened our rebuilding.

We want to let our folks and our friends and brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico know that we stand with them. We extend our condolences to the folks in Las Vegas for the tragedy that occurred. But because of your commitment, Mr. President, and the work and the calls that you have made with us and with me, from Irma to now, were now talking about opening schools and cruise ships returning.

We’ve got a lot of work yet to do. We’ve still got roofless homes, and were working with Brock and FEMA to make sure that we take care of those issues. But we have advanced beyond where we were in any of the hurricanes that we’ve experienced. And I just want to really express my gratitude on behalf of the wonderful people of the Virgin Islands to you and your team.

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. They are wonderful people too, and I really appreciate that. I feel that were old friends, you know, because weve spoken so many times over the last month. And you are — you have done a terrific job.

GOVERNOR MAPP: Thank you.

THE PRESIDENT: And as you know, your friend, the governor of Puerto Rico happens to be here —

GOVERNOR MAPP: Yes.

THE PRESIDENT: — and a congresswoman representing 3.5 million people in Puerto Rico. And thank you, Jennifer.

GOVERNOR MAPP: And anything — anything at all that we can do to be of help to our friends and our sisters and brothers.

And you know, we celebrate a holiday — a legal holiday — in the U.S. Virgin Islands called Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands Friendship Day. Its in October. So we look forward to having our celebration this year, and have you come over, and meet your friends, and all of the folks that love you in the Virgin Islands.

GOVERNOR ROSSELL: And were here for you as well, Governor.

GOVERNOR MAPP: Thank you.

THE PRESIDENT: Thats very appropriate now, though, maybe more so than ever, really. Thank you very much. And Governor, thank you very much.

GOVERNOR MAPP: Thank you, Mr. President.

END 2:58 P.M. EDT

“This is some ship,” said Trump. “It has done a tremendous service for Puerto Rico and for the U.S. Virgin Islands.”

Kearsarge and the 26th MEU are assisting with relief efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. The Department of Defense is supporting the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the lead federal agency, in helping those affected by Hurricane Maria to minimize suffering and is one component of the overall whole-of-government response effort. (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33368,"Just wanted to let you know – today I received my 2012 Social Security Stimulus Package.

It contained: two tomato seeds, a bag of cornbread mix, a prayer rug, a machine to blow smoke up my ass, 10 discount coupons to KFC and an “Obama Hope & Change” bumper sticker. The directions were in Spanish. Hope you get yours soon.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128371,"Another recent media report about the attacks we have discussed around the Louisville Kentucky area. When you watch this video remember, it’s a very similar set up to what we have documented before.

A family in a car. A group of black teens/thugs surround the vehicle. Something is thrown at the car to create damage. The father gets out of the car and the pack attacks him. Now his entire family is at risk and the Mom is soon attacked while the children are in the car. Watch the video:

As many people have stated before, forget about the car – you can deal with any damage later. Don’t exit the vehicle if you find yourself in this situation. The goal of the attacking mob is to get you out of your car. The reason we share these articles is to remind you to focus on “situational awareness”. In Kentucky the police have publicly stated they cannot control these crowds and/or stop this violence. Don’t put yourself or your family at risk.

Last weekend the Police in/around Louisville Kentucky were caught off guard when over 200 black teen/young adults went on a series of crime sprees simultaneously. Law enforcement lost control and could not respond to the shear scope of dozens of attacks and flash mob n’ robs that were happening around the city. We shared the stories and videos of the attacks HERE and HERE.

Law Enforcement, and the media, went out of their way to avoid describing the profile of exactly who was involved. All of the rampaging teens were black. However, the police are quickly finding its impossible to deal with the issue without actually identifying the perpetrators of the unlawful activity. And apparently this has been going on for much longer than they were initially willing to admit:

(LOUISVILLE) — Police say a crime wave terrorizing apartment complex dwellers city wide appears to be connected to the same gang of criminals. Masked armed robbers have terrorized at least 40 victims and police say they have no suspects and only a few leads. WAVE 3 Investigator James Zambroski reports.

The spree of armed robberies has been going on since February. At least 40 victims have been identified, including two people who were shot and two who were victims of sexual assault over the weekend.

LMPD Capt. Gene Sherrard told reporters Monday afternoon that police have no suspects, only sketchy descriptions and little evidence.

But patterns, including time of day, disguises and other facts indicate the attacks are being carried out by the same group of individuals.

“There are striking similarities in many of the cases, so that’s why we’ve come forward to the public today,” Sherrard said.

Sherrard says another reason police have come forward without any suspects or arrests is the violent turn the spree took over the weekend.

“What has caused us great concern is over the past few days, we had a couple of sexual assaults associated with robberies,” he said.

Zack, a graduate student at U of L, lives in the University Park Apartments on Eastern Parkway. He and friends were robbed earlier this year.

“Coming back from 4th Street, some guys had jumped out beside a car, they put my buddy at gunpoint and I took off up the stairs,” he said.

Sherrard confirmed that the spree appears to have started near the UofL campus.

“If they are related, it seems that the pattern got its inception in that area,” he said.

Another similarity is that the suspects, who generally work in groups, are African Americans, wearing dark clothing and masks, are always armed.

“These offenders are armed, normally with handguns,” Sherrard said. “They threaten violence, as I’ve indicated before, they’ve shot two people.” (read more)

Meanwhile two suspects from one of last weekend’s attacks have been arrested. Of course the customary thug mother protesting “he was such a good boy” is quickly trotted out:

LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – “This is Shaquazz last year. Him, his sister and his brother,” Cheri Allen said (pictured above).

A proud mother showed us family photos of her son, Shaquazz. They presented a different image than the mug shot provided by Louisville Metro Police.

“I just need my child home. I need him exonerated, I need the truth to be heard,” Allen said.

Her son, along with a co-defendant, is accused of attacking a woman and her fiancé Saturday, March 22 in front of her children during the teen mob violence in downtown Louisville, Kentucky.

“They have been falsely identified, falsely accused,” Allen exclaimed.

His mother says he was at one of his cousin’s houses during the time the teen mob roamed and that he’s a good student who had plans to join the military.

“We are a very close family. When he left here he was a child and now I don’t know what he’s ‘gonna become because his spirits are broken,” she sobbed (continue reading)

One final note on this. At left you see a partial screen grab of the stories being highlighted around the unprecedented and violent attacks last weekend in Kentucky.

Look not only at ‘what they outline’, but also ‘how the media outline it’.

This type of public media PC reporting is typical of what you will find in almost every single media market in the U.S. today. No-one is brave enough to actually cut it down to it’s common denominator and actually engage in the root cause of the systemic violence coming from the African American community.

If it were not about race then race would not be a common denominator.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223675,"Tonight will be President-Elect Donald J. Trump’s first Thank You rally in Cincinnati, Ohio. The venue is the US Bank Arena and doors open at 4:00pm.

Live coverage begins at 6:00pm EDT with the event scheduled to begin at 7:00pm EDT

Live Stream Link – Alternate Live Stream #1 – Alternate Live Stream #2

RSBN feed below (replaced above due to audio issues)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123704,"RE: Baptist Child and Family Services (BCFS)

(Via Jetstream research) This caught my eye: U.S. Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, said Thursday the senator plans to visit the McAllen Border Patrol station and speak at the Hispanic Baptist Convention at the city’s convention center on Sunday.

And I wondered what Baptists have to do with the illegals. The annual Hispanic Baptist Convention was held in McAllen, Texas June 29th to July 1st. [ http://tinyurl.com/kh9549z ] It coincidentally was held just in time to respond to the “Humanitarian CRISIS”!!! (otherwise known as an Obama Open Border Invasion).

At the convention, training was provided by the Immigration Service and Aid Center (ISAAC) who are also scheduled to train in San Antonio, then Florida followed by Dallas in the coming weeks and months. The ISAAC project is a mission of the Baptist General Convention of Texas (Texas Baptists). [ http://isaacproject.org/ ]

So what training does ISAAC provide? How illegals can fight for and save their own countries or why countries should repatriate its wayward citizens? Hmm, ahh, eh? Well their training program has all the topic details: [ http://isaacproject.org/training.htm ]

So then I started noticing more participation, coordination, and security being provided by Texas Baptist groups. One of whom has taken to calling themselves Brown Shirts, according to the following report:

Texas Baptists are there to help: “The sources said workers were guarded by a security force from the Baptist Family & Children’s Services, which the Department of Health and Human Services hired to run the Lackland Camp. The sources say security forces called themselves the ‘Brown Shirts.’ She said the workers were stripped of their cellphones and other communication devices. Anyone caught with a phone was immediately fired.” [ http://tinyurl.com/mrr9vuw ]

“Among the groups offering to help is Texas Baptist Men, which is already providing laundry and shower facilities at a Brownsville immigrant youth camp.” [ http://tinyurl.com/q88zstt ]

When the children are transferred to HHS care, many are being housed temporarily at three military bases in California, Oklahoma and Texas — including Lackland Air Force Base here — because of a lack of room elsewhere.

Baptist Children’s Financial Services, a nonprofit that also has contracts with the state of Texas to provide disaster relief, is staffing Lackland’s temporary center. The charity hires workers through a medical staffing company called Favorite Staffing to watch the kids.

About 100 subcontractors often have 12-hour shifts and are paid $$18 an hour, according to workers, who did not want to be identified. [ http://tinyurl.com/p6tsku8 ]

Baptist Children’s Financial Services (BCFS) is a functionary of Texas Baptists and touts “Rooted in Texas. Branches worldwide.” Although you won’t see the Texas Baptist association referred to from the BCFS website.

Instead (See the Texas Baptists website [ http://tinyurl.com/pzzfbl6 ] which links directly to [ http://www.bcfs.net. ] BCFS is an organization that is extensively connected with the federal government: [ http://bcfs.net/government-partners ]

Helping the “Humanitarian CRISIS” Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins will visit an immigrant youth detention camp in South Texas Wednesday for a personal look at the problem he has offered to help solve in North Texas.

Leaders of North Texas charity organizations met with Jenkins Tuesday to help develop a Dallas County immigrant youth housing plan.

Among the groups offering to help is Texas Baptist Men, which is already providing laundry and shower facilities at a Brownsville immigrant youth camp….Texas Baptist Men is one group in a coalition called Volunteer Organizations Active in Disaster (VOAD).

Blame Bush: Jenkins said the Federal policy not to deport unescorted minors was established by an executive order of Former President George W. Bush in 2008.

Why would there be such interest and involvement by Texas Baptists in helping non-citizens rather than our own people who are suffering mightily under this administration?

Follow the money: Jenkins said the federal government will pay the entire cost of housing and caring for the young immigrants in Dallas County with a contract to arrange ‘wrap services.’

“That means, similar to a state school, that all needs of the child will be cared for on the facility. The child will not be free to leave the facility and go into the neighborhood to go to school or go anywhere unaccompanied,” Jenkins said….There will be a security presence there to keep the children on the location and keep others away from the location,” he said. [ http://tinyurl.com/q88zstt ]

Does this use of the 501(c) Baptist church for political activities, in violation of our laws, bother anyone else?

Here is a link to a .pdf of BGCT’s affiliations and ministries:

[ http://texasbaptists.org/files/2012/12/15640-07_BGCT_AffiliationPackMinistries.pdf ]

Related:

Comment at Conservative Treehouse on Judge Jenkins

https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2014/07/03/thursday-open-thread-july-3rd/#comment-847137

Judge Jenkins helping pal Obama – Costs Staggering

http://patdollard.com/2014/07/costs-are-staggering-democrat-dallas-judge-forces-city-to-be-infected-with-2000-diseased-criminal-obama-illegal-alien-youth/

Judge Jenkins Running Illegal Housing Without City Government Input

http://dfw.cbslocal.com/2014/07/05/city-leaders-not-included-in-planning-to-bring-immigrant-kids-to-grand-prairie/

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122857,"…a senior Army official told me court-martialing Bergdahl would “make the president look bad.” In spite of damning evidence against him, the official expects Pentagon brass to separate him from the military with a less-than-honorable discharge, sparing Obama total embarrassment….

(New York Post) Three and a half months have come and gone and the Pentagon has offered no clarity on what happened to alleged Army deserter and Taliban collaborator Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Fellow soldiers and other critics fear the military’s now-delayed investigation is shaping up to be a whitewash.

The case has become a political powder keg for President Obama.

Since he traded five imprisoned Taliban leaders for Bergdahl, the US Government Accountability Office has declared the swap illegal, and nearly two dozen House Democrats have joined Republicans in officially condemning the move for making “Americans less safe.”

In addition, the Taliban deal appears to have encouraged the Islamic State to put up American hostages as trade bait to free other terrorist detainees, namely “Lady al Qaeda” Aafia Siddiqui.

Obama in May presented Bergdahl as a hero in announcing his release in a Rose Garden ceremony featuring Bergdahl’s mother and father. The next day, his national-security adviser added another coat of varnish when she proclaimed the AWOL soldier “served the United States with honor and distinction.”

His platoon mates, however, say he did nothing of the kind. “Bergdahl is a deserter, not a hero [and] needs to answer for what he did,” said former Army Sgt. Evan Buetow, who served with Bergdahl and was present the night he vanished from his Afghan post.

Like Buetow, more than 60% of respondents to a recent Military Times survey believe that Bergdahl should be court-martialed for walking off his post in 2009 and costing the lives of six fellow soldiers who died searching for him.

But a senior Army official told me court-martialing Bergdahl would “make the president look bad.” In spite of damning evidence against him, the official expects Pentagon brass to separate him from the military with a less-than-honorable discharge, sparing Obama total embarrassment.

In a sign Bergdahl may indeed get off with a slap on the wrist, the Army has delayed its AR 15-6 investigation into his disappearance — a development that Bergdahl’s attorneys see as helpful to their client. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45141,It is almost unbelievable that one in four people (25%) are still clinging to the belief that Hillary Clinton is honest and trustworthy. … That’s approximately the same number of people who believe Michael J Fox is the international Jenga Champion.,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222897,"Last night British Prime Minister David Cameron delivered a stark and bold message to the people of Great Britain. ISIS represents a political ideology born in the space of non-governance, and fueled amid a raging ideology, that must be confronted and destroyed.

There is little nuance within his message. Two video’s – the first is the context of his position; the second is the expanded version to include questions and expanded explanations.

If you have enough time, watch the second video. If not, watch the shorter first one:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222687,"As a side note, now that we have found all of the entities profiting from the direct illegal immigration, we are turning our attention to the attorneys and legal assistance groups who are going to use taxpayer money to aid … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223241,"President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump welcomed newly-elected South Korean President Moon Jae-In to the White House for a formal dinner that preceded formal talks on what to do about the ongoing standoff with North Korea.

Unrelated nuance – Apparently, the fingerprints of our first lady have been noticed by the media. Funky apples replaced with fresh florals. CTH peeps have noted it for a few weeks, the media are beginning to catch on.

(Reuters) […] “We’re going to have tremendous discussions tonight,” Trump said at the dinner, flanked by his wife Melania and by Moon, on his right. Seated next to Moon at the elegant, flower bedecked table was his wife, First Lady Kim Jung-soon. Members of Trump’s cabinet and Korean delegation were also seated at the elegant dinner table, which ran the length of the room.

“I know you’ve been discussing with our people some of the complexities of North Korea and trade and other things, and we’ll be discussing them all as we progress — and it could be very well late into the evening,” Trump said. Earlier on Thursday, Moon lobbied US leaders to back his policy of engagement with North Korea, as the Trump administration vowed to increase pressure on Pyongyang over its nuclear program. The Trump administration has been trying to isolate the North Korean regime following a series of missile tests, including by persuading China — Pyongyang’s main diplomatic ally — to help bring Kim Jong-Un into line. But speaking on board his flight to the United States Wednesday, Moon said Seoul and Washington should offer concessions to Pyongyang if it complies with their demands, according to multiple South Korean reports. “Without rewarding North Korea for its bad actions, South Korea and the United States should closely consult what they may give the North in return for a nuclear freeze,” he said. (read more)

.

[TRANSCRIPT] 6:22 P.M. EDT – THE PRESIDENT: President Moon, thank you very much. It’s a great honor to have you at the White House and your very beautiful and lovely wife. We appreciate it.

And we’re going to have tremendous discussions tonight. I know you’ve been discussing with our people some of the complexities of North Korea and trade and other things, and we’ll be discussing them all as we progress — and it could be very well late into the evening.

We very much respect you and we very much respect the people of South Korea.

I’d like to also congratulate you upon your election victory. It was a great victory, and you did a fantastic job. A lot of people didn’t expect that, and I did expect it. I thought that was going to happen. So I want to congratulate you very much.

And thank you also, thank you for coming.

END – 6:23 P.M. EDT

.

.

No more funky apples

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222742,"(Via Washington Free Beacon) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), Dr. Tom Frieden, appeared on four Sunday programs to quell fears that the United States may be at risk for an Ebola outbreak.

“We know that there are travelers from places where there’s Ebola. We know it’s possible that someone will come in. If they go to a hospital and that hospital doesn’t recognize it’s Ebola there could be additional cases or their family members could have cases. That’s all possible, but I don’t think it’s in the cards that we would have an outbreak in this country,” Frieden said on CBS’ “Face the Nation.”

“The way it spreads in Africa is really two things. First, in hospitals where there isn’t really infection control and second in burial practices where people are touching the bodies of people who have died from Ebola. So it’s not going to spread widely in the U.S. Could we have another people here, could we have a case or two, not impossible … but we know how to stop it here.”

The outbreak began in Guinea, before spreading to Liberia and Sierra Leone. As of July 30, 826 people have been killed by the illness that has a fatality rate of up to 90 percent.

Two American aid workers, Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol, have contracted the disease.

Concern in the United States escalated after it was announced that both patients would be brought back to America. Brantly arrived in Atlanta, Georgia on Saturday and Writebol is expected to follow shortly.

Medical experts echoed Frieden’s position and downplayed the threat of an outbreak in the United States.

“This disease is spread by direct contact or body fluid contact, and inside these containment areas there’s negative pressure so any air going, would go into rather than come out of that facility. The workers are protected by complete covering of their face and all of their body, and they are isolated,” said Dr. Toby Cosgrove, President and CEO, of the Cleveland Clinic. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33310,"Please read and pass along this article. We send good conservatives to D.C. to fulfill the promises they made to the electorate, and yet when they stay true to their word the permanent political class in their own party punishes them. This won’t be forgotten come 2014. Right now the GOP establishment is more concerned about the opinion of the media and the Georgetown cocktail circuit than they are “we the people” who hired them. For all this new talk of how the GOP needs a “populist movement,” it would do them good to remember they already have one; it’s called the Tea Party movement, and it won for them the majority they now enjoy in the House.

– Sarah Palin",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122030,"“He will not be mocked, he will not be mocked (under breath “don’t touch me”)…. NO, He will not be mocked. The greatest deception here is this is NOT one nation under God, it never was; had it been, it would not have been. No. (shouting) “It would not have been”. The Constitution would not have been written by Free Masons, they go against God.

(Background voices saying “c’mon Molly, Molly c’mom away)

She continues as she is dragged away…… “You cannot serve two masters, you cannot serve two masters. Praise be to God, Lord Jesus Christ”

[You can listen to the audio here]

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33365,"President Donald Trump announced Wednesday he does not plan to plans to continue with President Obama’s transgender military policy.

The previous policy from President Obama, which was still under final review, would have allowed transgender individuals to openly serve in the military. Defense Secretary James Mattis announced last month he was delaying enactment during review of the plan.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
134108,"D’oh ….. and, and… she seriously believed him !

… She said she was honored to meet Obama, but she is also frustrated that she has yet to receive help from either her insurance companies or the government. “The president told me I would get immediate help,” she said.

“Looking back on it, it wasted a lot of people’s time,” she said of the visit.

The future of the North Point Marina remains uncertain. “I am just moving minute by minute, because the insurance companies are telling me no, no, no!” she said. (article)

I’m serious…. and then she said she thought we would help!

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223644,"This outline has five video segments for review. I warn you in advance the brutality on these videos is very disturbing. This is what we predict the MSM will spend all day avoiding. Violence the mainstream media support, they call speech. … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126375,"The rat race is underway. So many are trapped in the misery of our own expectations of perfection, in the ever increasing list of to dos that we impose on ourselves and families during the holiday. Let’s pause for some fun. Post your favorite fun videos, cartoon, lights, and whatever brings a smile to your face.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33517,"Terrorist Hezbollah firing rockets at al-Qaeda in Syria to support Assad Regime….. We’re going Down the Rabbit Hole Alice…

……. Imagine last year if the Muslim Brotherhood was shooting the “rebels” in Benghazi, Libya so they could support Gaddafi….. Yeah, this is THAT weird.

(Via UK Telegraph) Hizbollah has been accused of intervening directly in Syria’s civil war by launching rocket attacks over the border from Lebanon in support of President Bashar al-Assad’s forces.

In a worrying sign that Lebanon is getting drawn further into the Syrianconflict, the Iran-backed Shia militant group is accused of using its military bases in the Bekaa valley to shell rebel positions in Syria.

“They are concentrating on hitting the villages where the Free Syrian Army are, to weaken them before launching a ground attack,” said Abu Obeida, a Lebanese resident of the border town of al-Qaa. “I have seen the rockets firing; they pass over your head.”

Driving across the Hermel plains of the northern Bekaa, 10 miles from the frontier with Syria, The Daily Telegraph could hear the sound of rocket fire. The salvoes came in waves – the dull thuds of the launchers shattering the stillness of the night air as they released their loads. Half an hour later, the tempo quickened to a near constant onslaught, filling the valley with the sounds of warfare until the early hours of the morning.

Hermel is Hizbollah’s most loyal heartland. It is the territory of Shia villages, agriculture and the group’s closed-off military zones.

“You are deep in Hizbollah’s country here,” said Mr Obeida, driving down a dusty track that had been cheerfully signposted as leading to a canoeing centre, but that quickly brought us up against the fence of a Hizbollah fighters’ camp. (read more)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128652,"MOSCOW, April 20 (RIA Novosti) — Iran plans to launch a monkey into space in mid-September, the ISNA news agency said on Wednesday, citing Iranian Space Agency head Hamid Fazeli. The monkey will be sent into orbit in a capsule carried by the Kavoshgar-4 (or Explorer-4), rocket, which was test-launched with a monkey doll on board in mid-March. Iran announced an ambitious space program in the mid-2000s. The country launched the Kavoshgar 1 rocket into space in February 2008.

The Kavoshgar 2 rocket, carrying a space lab and a restoration system, was launched in November 2008. In February 2010, the Kavoshgar 3 rocket reportedly carried a test capsule with a rat, a turtle and worms into space. Western powers suspect Iran of using its space program to develop ballistic missiles. Iran denies the allegations. (article)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223278,"What Tawana Brawley was to Al Sharpton – So too is Witness 8 To Benjamin Crump

RdG outlined the evidence of yet another obvious lie by Benjamin Crump we had previously missed:

When Crump filed his affidavit he claimed he never had contact with Witness 8 following the initial 3/19/12 telephonic interview with ABC et al:

However, the Florida Dept. of Law Enforcement contradicts that claim.





Previously we had shared – – – Each week when the participants in the prosecution of the State of Florida VS. George Zimmerman speak we are astounded that no-one in the legacy media finds enough courage to factually investigate this case.

“her [Witness #8] testimony, her sworn testimony, connects the dots; Completely connects the dots of this whole thing; Her testimony completly destroys George Zimmerman” – Benjamin Crump March 20th Press Conference

Specifically, the fraud that is the storyline around Witness #8 “Dee Dee” the supposed girlfriend of Trayvon Martin.

Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy

Initially she was sold to the media on March 20th as a 16-year-old girl, a minor, a sweetheart, who was devastated at the tragic loss of her 17-year-old “puppy love”. A girl who was on the phone with Trayvon when he encountered George Zimmerman. Benjamin Crump played an audio recording of her statement proving his claims. The media ran with that story, and, for the most part, actually still does.

The prosecution then used her *tender age* as a shield of anonymity to protect her from the ruthless hounds of media interest. (Watch Video)

The State of Florida argued before Judge Lester that her minor status meant she needed additional protections. This, despite the fact she never once contacted law enforcement, never once called Trayvon’s Mom or Dad, and was essentially non-existent until Trayvon family attorney Benjamin Crump discovered her and presented her story to the world.

Indeed, even Trayvon’s Dad, Tracy Martin, and his Mom, Sybrina Fulton, supposedly had never heard of this “girlfriend”.

But yet she was on the phone with Trayvon for 400 minutes on the day he died? She was devastated, so much so she was hospitalized and could not attend the funeral. Yet, no-one in the family knew her?….. or so the story was sold.

ABC News was there exclusively as the 16-year-old girl told Crump about the last moments of the teenager’s life. Martin had been talking to his girlfriend all the way to the store where he bought Skittles and a tea. The phone was in his pocket and the earphone in his ear, Crump said. Trayvon’s phone logs, also obtained exclusively by ABC News, show the conversation occurred five minutes before police first arrived on the scene. Crump said the girl’s identity was being withheld because “her parents are gravely concerned about her health and her safety.” Her parents asked that only an attorney be allowed to ask her questions. (link)

However, incredulous as it may seem, as the actual case against George Zimmerman was presented in legal discovery, it is revealed the woman who talked to the State prosecution on April 2nd, who gave a sworn statement, and who framed the Probable Cause Affidavit for arrest, was not a minor at all. She was, on April 2nd, according to them, eighteen years old. C’mon, seriously? This thing stinks worse than rotten eggs.

So did the Martin family just make up a story to hide her, or was there something more sinister about it. Was the March 18, 19th Dee Dee who swore a story to Benjamin Crump, and ABC News’s Matt Gutman, the same person as the April 2nd Dee Dee who swore a statement to the State of Florida?

After the state initially used her minor status to hide her identity; And after the state sought to hide her address when requested by the defense; And after the numerous conflicting descriptives; And after listening to her sworn statements; And after listening to her recorded interview with Ben Crump…… We have asserted it was not.

The March 20th (16-year-old) DeeDee that Crump used to create his “media evidence”, was NOT the same (18-year-old) person who talked to the State of Florida on April 2nd.

But, anyone would say “no-way”, “c’ mon”, “obviously they’d get caught”…. right?

Not. So. Fast.

Earlier this year, Martin Family attorney Benjamin Crump appeared in court for a hearing, only this time he was not alone. This time he brought legal counsel, Bruce B Blackwell – Attorney At Law, from Orlando.

The Defense was still trying to get to the bottom of who exactly Dee Dee is, and the story of her that was presented by Ben Crump that obviously does not match the witness descriptives now given by the State of Florida; Who, by the way, refused until April 2013 to provide the specifics of her identity.

However, in April they were forced to deliver her for a deposition.

As the defense tries to unravel the enigma that is DeeDee, and get answers to this mysterious March 19th “telephonic interview”; The one that framed the entire construct of the media narrative, Ben Crump shows up in court with an attorney, on the date of his previously scheduled deposition, to file a brief and avoid being deposed.

However, within the actual Supportive Motion for a Protective Order (ie. he ain’t talking) presented to the court – the evidence of the false story that is Dee Dee is EVEN MORE painfully obvious.

In the motion to protect himself from deposition, attorney Benjamin Crump is claiming that on March 19th when he interviewed the bombshell witness #8, DEE DEE, he never asked her for her full name (surname) or address? (page 6 – item #18)

HE NEVER ASKED HER FOR HER LAST NAME?

Seriously.

This is just one angle to obfuscate and avoid the potential for liability form the fraudulent affirmation of a supposed witness? “I didn’t ask her name or address”? This is ridiculous.

Or is it?

It certainly looks like this is his approach at presenting “plausible deniability” for the fraudulent story. If he didn’t know her name or address, then how can he be sure the person who showed up for the April 2nd statement with the State Prosecution is the same person – after all, he tried to claim he only met her once?

Alas, there is evidence to prove that is not accurate. Benjamin Crump was there, in Sybrina Martin’s apartment, on April 2nd 2012, when Witness 8 talked to the State prosecutor, Bernie De La Rionda.

You should refresh on exactly what Benjamin Crump said about DeeDee on March 20th. This is a portion of the CNN transcript:

[…] We took another step in this — what has been a daily journey for the past three and a half weeks. Mr. Martin, on Sunday evening, was working with his cell phone account, trying to figure out Trayvon’s password. And he looked on it, and he saw who the last person was that Trayvon Martin talked to while he was alive.

He called me late Sunday night and told me that he had called the young lady, and he told me, and I was just utterly shocked when he told me the time that they talked. They had talked all that day, about 400 minutes, starting that morning to the afternoon. Like many teenagers do, they talked on the phones. And all his family and friends knew Trayvon would have his ear plugs in his ear and he would have his phone on the side of his pocket. It was no different that day. His father and mother talked about, a lot of times, they would wake up and he’ll be on the phone talking to his friends.

Well, what George Zimmerman said to the police about him being suspicious and up to no good is completely contradicted by this phone log, showing, all day, he was just talking to his friends. And in fact, he was talking to this young lady when he went to the 7-11 and when he came back from the 7-11. I’m going to get into that in detail because her testimony, her testimony that is shown on these phone logs, connects the dots. Completely connects the dots of this whole thing.

Ladies and gentlemen, it’s really important to note, and you can follow along because we now have the 911 calls. And we have Zimmerman’s call to the phone, the police dispatcher. And you can follow audio, every account now. Never, in any account, other than George Zimmerman, this neighborhood association loose cannon, does anybody say that Trayvon Martin was up to no good, that he seemed high or anything and in fact. This young lady details it completely, the tone of the conversation and the nature of the conversation, and what was happening the last minutes of his life. I will ask you — her parents does (ph) not in any way want to reveal her identity. She is a minor. Her parents are very worried about her. She is traumatized over this. This was her really, really close personal friend. They were dating. And so it’s a situation where to know that you were the last person to talk to the young man who you thought was one of the most special people in the world to you, and know that he got killed moments after he was talking to you, is just riveting to this young lady.

In fact, she couldn’t even go to his wake she was so sick. Her mother had to take her to the hospital. She spent the night in the hospital. She is traumatized beyond anything you could imagine. And we all were teenagers, so we can imagine how that is when you think somebody’s really special, and you call it puppy love or whatever you want to call it. Then suddenly and tragically, this is taken away and you have, unfortunately, a first-hand account of it. So I will ask you again on behalf of the family and on behalf of the young lady’s family if you would please respect their privacy. She is a minor.

Now, details. That day Trayvon Martin, 17 years old, three weeks, weighed about 140 to 150 pounds soaking wet, as his mother says, and that’s with his shoes on, leaves to go to the store to get some snacks before the NBA all-star game is about to start. His little step-brother asked for him to bring some Skittles back and something to drink.

He is talking to the young lady, as he walks to the store. The phone records show — you get copies of these phone records, they will show you the times the calls were made and how long he was on the phone. And it is without any doubt that he’s on the phone the entire time during the day. especially when he is going to that store and coming back.

You will see that he goes to the store talking to her. And then when he comes back he’s talking to her. This is what she relays. And I’ll share with you some of the audio. We’re going to turn this over to the Department of Justice and their investigation because the family does not trust the Sanford Police Department in anything to do with the investigation.

She relays how he went to the store. When he came out from the store, he said it was starting to rain, he was going to try to make it home before it rained. Then he tells her it starts raining hard. He runs into the apartment complex and runs to the first building he sees to try to get out of the rain. He was trying to get shelter. So he tries to get out of the rain.

And unbeknownst to him, he is being watched. He is a kid trying to get home from the store and get out of the rain. That’s it. Nothing else. So, he stands under that apartment building for a few minutes, the rain kind of dies down. He then goes, and he has his hoodie on because it’s raining and he goes back to walking. And he goes back to talking to her again. You’ll see the phone calls when it came in at 6:54. He then says, I think this dude is following me. And she talks about how he kind of slows down and he’s trying to look in the car like, I think this dude is following me. And she tells him, baby, be careful, just run home. She tells him that.

And you remember from the 911 tape, Zimmerman tells the police, oh, he’s coming at me, he’s looking at me, he’s checking me out. He had no idea who this man was who was following him. So he starts to run and then what do we know from Zimmerman’s 911 call that you heard the recording, Zimmerman gets out of his car and pursues him.

How do we know? One thing the dispatcher says, are you chasing him, and he says yes, and we hear him breathing hard. And they said we don’t need you to do that. And Zimmerman says OK. But as the dispatcher asks Zimmerman where can we — where will you be, where will you be in the truck, you remember his answer. He says just call me on my cell phone. He had no intention of getting back in his truck, doing what the police instructed him to do. He kept pursuing Trayvon Martin.

How do we know? Because this young lady connects the dots. She connects the dots. She completely blows Zimmerman’s absurd defense claim out of the water. She says that Trayvon says he’s going to try to lose him. He’s running trying to lose him. He tells her, I think I lost him. So, he’s walking and then she says that he says very simply, oh, he’s right behind me. He’s right behind me again.

And so she says “run.” He says, I’m not going to run. I’m going to walk fast. At that point, she says Trayvon — she hears Trayvon say, why are you following me. She hears the other boy say, what are you doing around here. And again, Trayvon says, why are you following me. And that’s when she says again he said, what are you doing around here. Trayvon is pushed. The reason she concludes, because his voice changes like something interrupted his speech. Then the other thing, she believes the earplug fell out of his ear. She can hear faint noises but no longer has the contact. She hears an altercation going and she says, then suddenly, somebody must have hit the phone and it went out because that’s the last she hears. (full transcript here)

But he never asked for her full name and/or address?

Oh, it gets better: (page 7)

So he got permission from her, AND her family (yet, according to 4/2 sworn statement she was *NOT* a minor) and questioned her about legal representation, but did not ask for her last name or address? Seriously?

An interview in a non-disclosed “South Florida” location, with unnamed “certain other family members”, and consent from a witness and her parents that you did not ask the last name or address of? Seriously?

#33 This one is insufferably creationary for plausible deniability of the FRAUD.

Benjamin Crump wants you, the defense and the court to believe that after the March 19th interview with “Dee Dee”, the devastated, minor child and puppy love of Trayvon Martin, he never spoke to her EVER AGAIN.

Well, if that is true, then how exactly did the State get in touch with her? AND why would FDLE be claiming Crump was present when W8 arrived on 4/2/12?

Perhaps we should go back to what Florida Attorney General, Pam Bondi, was saying on March 27th [one week after Ben Crump introduced Dee Dee] Again, on CNN:

PAM BONDI, FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Well, Piers, first let me tell you. I’ve spoken to Trayvon’s parents. They are amazing, sweet, kind people. My heart goes out to them. I’m actually friends with their attorneys Ben Crump and Daryl Parks. They’re wonderful lawyers who are representing them.

What my — I have no legal role as attorney general in the state of Florida. That authority is left to the state attorneys. But what I did do was I discussed with the governor the appointment of Angela Corey, a special prosecutor in Jacksonville who’s well removed from the case. She’s absolutely excellent. And the Florida Department of Law Enforcement are now involved in the case.

The reason, Piers, I can’t comment on “Stand Your Ground,” whether that applies here because there are too many unanswered questions. And, you know, that’s why the family is rightfully upset. When you have an innocent 17-year-old boy walking home with Skittles and an iced tea and he’s killed, you have to have answers, not questions. And that’s what we need in our state.

MORGAN: Yes, I mean, look, I am encouraged by what you’re saying. It’s good that a senior lawmaker in Florida is saying all this, but in the end, you know, I remain like many people absolutely bemused that somebody can shoot somebody in cold blood, an unarmed young teenager.

And so, I mean, I just think with your legal training and your legal background on what appears to be a very empathetic attitude towards this case, it might be quite powerful for the attorney general of Florida to say publicly, you know what? This guy should be arrested. He should be interviewed under caution and he should, if necessary, face charges. But he should be at stage one of the legal process of being under arrest.

BONDI: Well, what we’ve done is appoint a special prosecutor. And that’s what she’s doing. Conducting a thorough investigation because we need to get Trayvon’s girlfriend to cooperate which I don’t know if was happening previously. And they may have had good reason for that. But she’s cooperating now. And again, a thorough investigation is being done to ensure that justice is sought for that family.

But you can’t make an arrest until you interview all the witnesses, Piers. Nor do you want that to happen because a speedy trial could run. And — then that’s — we don’t want that to happen. And all I can tell you is we have a great prosecutor on the case. We have great law enforcement agencies. The Department of Justice is looking at this. (Full Transcript)

On March 27th, when Pam Bondi made this media statement, the Martin Family and attorney Benjamin Crump were in Washington DC attending Congressional Hearings.

But four days earlier on Friday March 23rd, only 3 days after Crump delivered the story of Dee Dee, the media were reporting that Norm Wolfinger had subpoenaed her. This was the exact same date that Angela Corey took over as the State Special prosecutor.

If Benjamin Crump did NOT know Dee Dee’s full name and address, and she had NOT talked to anyone else, then how exactly could Norm Wolfinger, the district attorney, send her a subpoena only 3 days after the phone interview ? Obviously he couldn’t.

And if “justice” was the quest of the Martin family, as Ben Crump repeated ad infinitum, and he was providing information to secure the arrest of George Zimmerman, which he outlines as the primary motivation in this motion to the court, is it really credible to claim that he never knew of her name and/or address?

……and once known, he never sought to talk to her again? EVER?

So here’s the story they want you to believe. Benjamin Crump “officially” introduces DeeDee on Tuesday March 20th,. But, according to him, he does not know her last name or address.

Somehow two days later, on Thursday March 22nd Wolfinger subpoenaed a person named DeeDee, without a last name or address, to attend a Grand Jury already scheduled to seat on April 10th.

[…] Trayvon’s girlfriend has been told that the Florida State Attorney’s Office has prepared a subpoena for her to appear in front of the grand jury. She has hired a lawyer to advise her and make sure that her rights are protected. Her attorney has told prosecutors that she is ready to appear and is looking forward to telling the grand jury what really happened on February 26,” a source close to the situation tells RadarOnline.com

But wait, the next day, on Friday March 23rd District Attorney Wolfinger was replaced with State Special Prosecutor Angela Corey.

Yet, according to Pam Bondi on Tuesday March 27th DeeDee (no last name) was still refusing to be interviewed.

On Monday April 2nd someone who Ben Crump had never seen, or talked to after March 19th, presumably with a first and last name, became State Witness #8 of “oh you want that too” fame, and was present with him in Sybrina’s apartment.

She, this former 16-year-old girl, now an 18-year-old woman, was interviewed in another undisclosed South Florida location, with undisclosed witnesses in participating in attendance.

She was interviewed by State Prosecutor Bernie DeLaRionda who, for confirmation, asked if the previous information about her phone and carrier was indeed correct:

BDLR: OK, and is that phone number under your name or under somebody else’s name?

Dee Dee: Now, it should be now under my name.

BDLR: And do you know what the provider is…is it T-Mobile? Or do you know?

Dee Dee: Yeah, T-Mobile…[mumbles]…I think.

Stanley McDaniel has the entire transcript outlined with informative perspective. Suffice to say that given all of the, well, “revelations”, much about this is just brutally false.

This latest manuever by Benjamin Crump, …’I don’t know her full name or address, and I never talked to her again’, etc…. it just further outlines the absurd construct of this prosecution.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126329,"Most Americans are unaware how close the House of Representatives came to passing the Senate ‘Gang-of-Eight’ bill in 2014 which included amnesty for illegal aliens. The vote was only stopped by the last-minute primary defeat of Eric Cantor.

However, one of the benefits if the current presidential campaigns is the lifting of the veil for the hidden advocates…

(Via Breitbart – by Julia Hahn) Congressman Trey Gowdy’s endorsement of Sen. Marco Rubio may shine an unwanted spotlight on the South Carolinian’s record of past radical statements on immigration and his aggressive support for donor class policies embraced by Sen. Rubio.

Gowdy’s extreme immigration declarations come in addition to his long-standing support for donor-class Republican lawmakers. For instance, in a closed-door GOP leadership election in November of 2014, Gowdy seconded John Boehner’s nomination as House Speaker. Similarly, Gowdy was the Congressman who nominated Paul Ryan for Speaker. According to Politico, Boehner “secretly urged Gowdy to run” for House Majority Leader.

At the height of the Rubio-Ryan amnesty push in 2013 — in the aftermath of President Obama’s profoundly controversial 2012 executive amnesty for DREAMers and at a time when illegal minors were continuing to pour across the border — Gowdy delivered a blanket pardon to the world’s alien youth to enter the country illegally. Gowdy declared: “When children wander into neighborhood yards, we don’t call that trespassing.” Gowdy elaborated on his position, stating:

What I prefer to do is look at the 11 million in natural subgroups. You have what are called the DREAM children. I would think most people would advocate for an accelerated path to citizenship for children who, through no fault of their own, were brought here at an early age. I would have a shortened path to citizenship for those who serve in our armed services. And then you can have a sliding scale [to determine which illegals get citizenship] based on your years in the country and contributions you made to society.

Gowdy’s prior statements on immigration won him effusive praise from Congressional open borders advocate, Luis Gutierrez. “What I think Trey has is a fundamental sense of fairness,” Gutierrez said, “Bigotry and hate are an affront to his core values. Once you can set that aside, vis-a-vis immigration, you can devise a world of justice and fairness. It’s clear he has a set of values.”

Gowdy has been equally effusive of Gutierrez in return. “If you listen to Luis, he sounds like a prosecutor, talking about respect for the rule of law and how to balance the compassion with the respect for the rule of law,” Gowdy said. While Gutierrez has previously declared, “I have only one loyalty… and that’s to the immigrant community,” Gowdy has said, “Luis is impossible not to like.”

Despite historic immigration highs, Gowdy has asserted that businesses—including prominent manufacturers—are suffering crippling labor shortages, even as record numbers of Americans are not working.

Gowdy has similarly aligned himself with Rubio-Ryan donor class Republicans by giving his full-throated support for granting President Obama fast-track trade authority.

Yet the absence of this deep well of prior Gowdy statements from establishment media’s coverage of his endorsement of Rubio, seems consistent with the media’s larger failure to grasp the full meaning of the narrative underpinning the 2016 election.

[…] Conservative columnist and best-selling author Ann Coulter mocked Gowdy in a February 2014 column, placing Gowdy side by side with Eric Cantor and Paul Ryan:

Why are Republicans like Trey Gowdy, Eric Cantor, Paul Ryan and John Boehner making fools of themselves in order to spot the Democrats three more [electoral] touchdowns?… The once-respected Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., compared illegal aliens brought here as kids to children who steal a grape or scream in a restaurant… But in those cases [Gowdy cites], both the child and his parents had a right to be where they were — the yard, restaurant or grocery store — when the child suddenly behaved like a child. With illegal aliens, the parents are more like gypsies teaching their kids to beg and pick pockets. The parents forced the kids into being lawbreakers. Similarly, Palestinians use their children to commit acts of terrorism against Israel, so that when Israel responds, the parents can wail, “They’re bombing children!” (I thought only liberals couldn’t do analogies.)

Interestingly, most media reports covering Gowdy’s endorsement of Rubio omitted these conservative icons’ very public condemnations of Gowdy—in which Levin and Coulter respectively denounced Gowdy as a “RINO” and “fool” of the Democrats.

However, Gowdy did receive high praise in some quarters. (read much more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225095,"Isn’t choir considered an elective in school? This kid should have the choice of dropping out any time he wants, although it’s the reason he’s dropping out that has this Colorado high school playing defense. The song contains the phrase, “There is no other truth but Allah.” I wonder how the school would feel if the reason this kid refused to sing the song wasn’t because he didn’t want to praise Allah, but rather because he was raised as an atheist? This morning FOX and Friends reported that James Harper quit school in Grand Junction after receiving death threats.

GRAND JUNCTION, Co. (KDVR) – A Grand Junction High School student is dropping out of choir rather than sing an Islamic song he says goes against his strong Christian beliefs.

The song is “Zikr,” and was written by internationally acclaimed composer A.R. Rahman.Rahman won an Oscar and a Grammy for his songs in Slum Dog Millionaire. Zikr was written for a 2005 movie about an Indian independence leader. The song contains the phrase “There is no other truth but Allah.”

It’s that phrase to which senior James Harper objects.

“This is worshipping another God” and prohibited by the Bible, Harper says.

But Imam Abdur-Rahim Ali, from the Northeast Denver Islamic Center says “Allah translated into English is only saying ‘the God, one God.” He says the student is misunderstanding the language.

“I think it’s a lack of knowledge,” he says. “There’s some ignorance on his part concerning the name Allah. It’s the same God that Jesus prayed to, Moses prayed to, Mohammed prayed to.”

School District 51 stands by its decision to perform the song and says this is not the school endorsing or promoting any particular religion or other non-educational agenda. The school says the song, which has been performed by other schools, was chosen because of its rhythms and other qualities.

The composer tells FOX31 Denver the song is not intended for worship ceremonies, but respects the student’s decision to opt out of singing it. Choir is a voluntary club.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223458,"UPDATES AT BOTTOM (below pdf): Some new bits of information pulled from the grasp of the shadow dwellers – Much more to come! MUCH MORE. Posting this (as uploaded file rec’d) without adjustment or opportunity for review. Some of this we have seen before.

BUT GO TO PAGE 90 FOR TRAYVON MARTIN MIAMI POLICE REPORTS

Share Thoughts in Comments

The following are re-distributed reports from the Miami-Dade School Police Department. They look essentially the same as the first six reports from the FOIA we submitted last year and rec’d in March. However, there are some new nuggets embedded within the information.

As a document dump we’re still mining through them to see what additions or subtractions are contained within. However, they are all now uploaded (thanks Puddy) so you can compare along with us:

http://www.scribd.com/doc/145956726/Trayvon-Martin-MDSPD-Reports-Fox-Williams-Attachment-pgs-1-116

http://www.scribd.com/doc/145958525/Trayvon-Martin-MDSPD-Reports-Hadley-Attachment-pgs-1-123

http://www.scribd.com/doc/145959541/Trayvon-Martin-MDSPD-Reports-Hodges-Attachment-pgs-1-89

http://www.scribd.com/doc/145960213/Trayvon-Martin-MDSPD-Reports-Ochoa-Attachment-pgs-1-90

http://www.scribd.com/doc/145960666/Trayvon-Martin-MDSPD-Reports-Rosh-Attachment-pgs-1-75

http://www.scribd.com/doc/145961084/Trayvon-Martin-MDSPD-Reports-Tagle-Attachment-pgs-1-102

Keep in mind these are not fulfillment of the FOIA(s) submitted after our review of the initial six officers involved with the M-DSPD internal affairs investigation.

These are the only ones currently approved by the Attorney of the Miami Dade School Superintendent Alberto Carvalho.

We are awaiting 10 more transcribed affidavits, and some reports associated with the investigation, which we believe will be incredibly revealing, and given the nature of the person(s) involved will reveal an even more staggering revelation. We are in the middle of a battle to collect:

We are now seeking additional records surrounding the same internal affairs investigations [IA#12001, 12-002, 12-003, 12-004, 12-005 and 12-006] and seek the following per FL Statute Chapter 119.

The following items have been requested to be provided as soon as possible:

On Friday April 20th 2012 Gerald Kitchell (then Major Kitchell) provided a sworn statement with internal affairs. Please provide a copy of that transcribed affidavit and all accompanying notes and reports. {Major Kitchell was the 2nd in command and first approached by Deanna Fox-Williams}

On Friday April 20th 2012, Lieutenant Roger Ramirez provided a sworn statement with internal affairs investigators. Please provide a copy of that transcribed affidavit and all accompanying notes and reports. {Ramirez was the Lieutenant who responded “oh now they want us to record things accurately”}

On Thursday March 30, 2012, Officer Darryl Dunn provided a sworn statement. Please provide a copy of that transcribed affidavit and all accompanying notes and reports. {Darryl Dunn is the Krop High School Resource Officer, he had the most frequent encounters with students, and the one who obfuscated the Criminal Mischief report – deleting the Jewelry}

On Wednesday April 4th, 2012, Dawn Baglos, Principal, Dr. Michael Krop Senior High School provided a sworn statement. Please provide a copy of that transcribed affidavit and all accompanying notes and reports. {Of obvious value}

Also on Wednesday April 4th, 2012, Major Evelio Rodriquez provided a sworn statement. Please provide a copy of that transcribed affidavit and all accompanying notes and reports.

On Thursday March 29th, 2012, Yvette Wilson, Secretary, MDSPD provided a sworn statement. Please provide a copy of that transcribed affidavit and all accompanying notes and reports. {Yvette Wilson is the person in charge of the property room where the jewelry was housed/stored}

On Thursday March 30th, 2012, Carmen Gonzalez, former Property Room Specialist, MDSPD provided a sworn statement. Please provide a copy of that transcribed affidavit and all accompanying notes and reports.

Also the following sworn affidavits of unknown date:

1. Former Police Chief Charles J Hurley

2. Francisco Garcia, Asst. Principal at Krop Senior High School

3. Lt. Randy Smith from Sanford Police Dept.

Along with all accompanying notes and reports.

Lastly, we request the final report issued by Internal Affairs investigators which contains their findings, summation, and recommendations based on all their interviews and investigative research.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224275,"Daryl Parks Doth Protest TOO Much…. This is MUST WATCH video… Quite a long way from Benjamin Crump proclaiming that “race was the 600lb gorilla in the room”. Now the “Scheme Team” is in full desperation/recovery mode:

Oh but it gets better. Why, because we are Treepers. We NEVER forget. EVER.

So with that in mind, how about a little trip down memory lane with Daryl Parks speaking on March 23rd, 2012 to the National Association of Black Journalists.

[…] Parks, who also is president of the National Bar Association, said he does not believe the Justice Department will pursue federal hate crime charges against Zimmerman.

Even without hate crime charges, Parks said it’s clear that race played a role in Trayvon’s killing and that the family believes Sanford police actively covered up the racial component to protect Zimmerman.

“Trayvon’s situation is very tragic for this family and, I think, for every black person who lives in America,” Parks said. “We all know many situations where the person of color was not given the benefit of the doubt. That’s a subtlety in America that a lot of people don’t talk about.” (link)

We wrote a full article about it, to include the extortion payoff HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
4986,There’s a video at the bottom of the outline. This discussion thread is posted without comment or opinion; choosing instead to share reports as they appear in alternate media venues. Feel free to share your opinion in the comments…. “George … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125351,"D.A.P.A or Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents program – is the executive action Obama attempted in November of 2014 which was shut down by Federal Judge Andrew Hanen in February ’15 with the issuance of an emergency injunction.

Hanen Ruling Stands – Texas Wins – Obama Loses !

It’s important to note the underlying constitutionality of the case was NEVER heard in Judge Hanen’s court. After Hanen put the emergency injunction in place to stop DAPA from being carried out, all of the DOJ action was directed at removing the injunction.

However, in an unusual twist, in order to establish the scope of the state and federal argument, the Supreme Court did expand their hearing beyond the injunction to listen to the merit of the Obama administration’s arguments.

Texas Governor Greg Abbott today released a statement following the Supreme Court’s executive amnesty ruling.

“The action taken by the President was an unauthorized abuse of presidential power that trampled the Constitution, and the Supreme Court rightly denied the President the ability to grant amnesty contrary to immigration laws,” said Governor Abbott. “As the President himself said, he is not a king who can unilaterally change and write immigration laws. Today’s ruling is also a victory for all law-abiding Americans—including the millions of immigrants who came to America following the rule of law.” (link)

(CNN) In a crushing blow to the White House, the Supreme Court announced Thursday it was evenly divided in a case concerning President Barack Obama’s controversial executive actions on immigration.

The one-sentence ruling, issued without comment or dissent, means that the programs will remain blocked from going into effect, and the issue will return to the lower court. It is exceedingly unlikely the programs will go into effect for the remainder of the Obama presidency.

Obama, speaking at the White House, lamented the ruling.

""It is heartbreaking for the millions of immigrants who’ve made their lives here"" —@POTUS on #SCOTUS’s ruling: https://t.co/egpB1r3FEN — The White House (@WhiteHouse) June 23, 2016

“For more than two decades now our immigration system, everybody acknowledges, has been broken,” Obama said. “And the fact that the Supreme Court wasn’t able to issue a decision today doesn’t just set the system back even further, it takes us further from the country that we aspire to be.”

The ruling will impact the more than 4 million undocumented immigrants seeking to be able to come out of the shadows and apply for these programs to stay in the United States. Immediately after Obama announced them in late 2014, Texas and 25 other states challenged the plans and they were blocked nationwide by a federal district court the next year.

Immigration has already been a prominent and highly charged topic of the 2016 election already this year, and this ruling guarantees it will only be more so. (read more)

*Authors Note* – This is bad news for Hillary Clinton. Despite what you hear on the MSM, immigration or any form of amnesty/residency/citizenship for illegal aliens is a losing 2016 issue for Clinton. There is more structural support for the immigration position of Donald Trump. If team Clinton tries to use illegal aliens to get out the Hispanic voting block, it will backfire and a large segment of her identity base political groups will vote Trump.

Team Clinton have polled this issue. Team Clinton is VERY aware of this danger.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125086,"As we write there is a specific and coordinated effort to distance the Trayvon Martin family and narrative from the violence that may take place after the Trial Verdict is delivered. However, we have a fully researched library of their lies and obfuscations. Here are collected reposts from July and November last year in that regard:

The gig is up – The scheme is exposed – Their entire false story is coming apart at the seams schemes. – But they continue to lie to the bitter end – That is the story of the Trayvon Martin Family and Family Attorneys (Crump, Jackson, Parks et al). All they know is lying – They have invested themselves so much in the false story they cannot even cognitively tell the difference between their lies and the Truth. Unfortunately, the same holds true for their simple-minded, sheeple supporters.

Consider – Their Latest Claim: “they did not align with the Black Panthers”.

Whoopsie – Um, well lets take a look at this, shall we: The capacity of the Trayvon Martin supporters and Scheme Team to boldly lie is quite staggering. The latest *cough* claim from the schemers is their protestations that the Martin Family and family Attorneys did not support the New Black Panther Party.

This claim of “non-support” or “non-alliance” with the Black Panthers is actually quite representative of how far they will go to sell a story of fabrications, falsehoods and lies. It does not take our site to diminish their credibility, and expose their LIES – it just takes their own lying words and your eyes to bear witness.

And what do you think is on that flyer the Black Panthers were handing out with the Martin Family, Benjamin Crump, Daryl Parks, Natalie Jackson, Ryan Julison, Al Sharpton, Ben Jealous etc. e.t.c….

Nice huh ? Yes, that is Tracy Martin, Sybrina Fulton, Benjamin Crump, Daryl Parks and all the other members of the aforementioned “scheme team” and professional race-baiting class committing a, wait for it, …… FELONY. ! (March 22nd, 2012 – Ft. Mellon Park)

Yes, I know it might be hard to believe, but putting a bounty on someone’s head calling for them to be killed is actually illegal. Most already understand that, but unfortunately and apparently “some” (like the group above) don’t. Or maybe they do, and they were just waiting for their pending arrest, and/or civil trial, to begin writing checks for the compensatory and punitive damages to their victim George Zimmerman.

For the slow crowd – But, but, but…. I thought Daryl Parks said the family did not support the New Black Panther Party. Some might even point to:

In this video Attorney Daryl Parks rejects AND CONDEMNS the actions taken by the NBPP. Parks says “We do not condone it, in fact, we CONDEMN those people.” http://ac360.blogs.cnn.com/2012/03/26/martin-family-condemns-shooter-bounty/

Alas, you see, in the honest, REAL, and even better, “LEGAL world”, you cannot say one thing then do exactly the opposite and NOT be a liar…. or,….. wait for it,…… Legally ACCOUNTABLE for your actions.

Standing on stage in front of the national media and proclaiming your active alliance with the Black Panthers while passing out flyers calling for the Death of a U.S. Citizen, because you oppose them – THEN to proclaim you do not, or did not, do such – is well, beyond silly; and the activity of engagement is also, interestingly, ILLEGAL.

But this is where we Truth Tellers say: Don’t take our word for it – Cue the tape:

Would you like to hear the audio of the threat too? Well, OK then:

Note to schemers and supporters of the scheme: There are about 200 different audio video versions of your Black Panther alliance…. ya’ know, just fyi – so you don’t embarrass yourself and keep, well, lying and stuff… ya’ know.

Whoopsie – Yes, you are definitely going to need that Legal Defense Fund you recently set up; And yes you, along with your supporters who have engaged in previously illegal, and currently ongoing illegal, activity are going to need quite a bit of legal representation both for Criminal and for Civil Liability Trials.

The same holds true for the criminal and civil repercussions soon to be discovered by the various internet groups of like-minded affiliation. 😉

On the heels of Sean Hannity’s interview with George Zimmerman, MSNBC defends itself against the accusation that they, in general, and Al Sharpton specifically, did not “rush to judgement” in the Trayvon Martin shooting.

Here is the official MSNBC position as told to Politico:

“MSNBC would like to set the record straight following some misinformation presented by Fox News during the interview with George Zimmerman last night,” MSNBC wrote in a statement sent to POLITICO. “Reverend Al Sharpton never ‘rushed to judgment,’ as stated by Mr. Hannity. Reverend Sharpton repeatedly called for calm and for a more thorough investigation in the wake of the tragic events. Ultimately, the authorities agreed an arrest was warranted.”

Now let’s just cut through the crap, and get to the truth. Because unlike MSNBC and the institutional legacy media complex the Truth Has No Agenda.

The best way to show how insufferably ridiculous MSNBC is, is to showcase their network host Al Sharpton in his own words. The first example being his appearance at the Sanford City Council meeting where he personally threatens the City Government, council members, Mayor and City Manager:

4:50 …you are risking going down as Birmingham and Selma in the twenty first century… You are making the world know you as a place of racial intollerance…. you have compromised the reputation of your city for one man….

Listen to his own words.

Second example from the Rally he led in Sanford. Fort Mellon Park March 22nd:

In this video you can see Al Sharpton sharing the stage with the New Black Panthers who had at that time placed a $$10,000 bounty on the head of George Zimmerman wanted “Dead or Alive”. Sharpton continues…..

… Trayvon represents a reckless disregard for our [black] lives that we’ve seen for too long, and we’ve come here tonight to tell you enough is enough…. …. you thought it was hot,…. well, the heat has just arrived….

The third example is from the same rally March 22nd and showcases the entire Al Sharpton speech as it aired live on local TV networks:

…. we cannot allow a legal precedent to be established in this city where a man can murder anyone he wants and walk out free with a murder weapon….. I have mobilized the National Action Network……

Contrast that against the official MSNBC statement:

MSNBC would like to set the record straight following some misinformation presented by Fox News during the interview with George Zimmerman last night.” “Reverend Al Sharpton never ‘rushed to judgment,’ as stated by Mr. Hannity. Reverend Sharpton repeatedly called for calm and for a more thorough investigation in the wake of the tragic events.

Do those videos of Al Sharpton sound, or look, like a man calling for calm in your book.? And let us not forget what organization rallied with Al Sharpton at Mellon Park on March 22nd as you can clearly see in this next video. Pay attention to the men at the front of the stage handing out flyers:

Yep, that is the New Black Panther Party. There were Dozens of Black Panther militants lined up with Al Sharpton, Ben Jealous, Jesse Jackson, Benjamin Crump and the entire Trayvon Martin Family.

And what do you suppose was written on those flyers they are handing out in front of the stage at Al Sharpton’s Rally:

WASHINGTON TIMES – The U.S. Department of Justice had no comment on the $$10,000 bounty the New Black Panther Party (NBPP) was offering for a “citizen’s arrest Dead or Alive” of George Zimmerman, the 28 year old man who told Sanford, Florida Police he shot and killed 17 year old Trayvon Martin on February 26 in an act of self-defense.

“My People”

In modern America, a prudent citizen should know to remain in their vehicle, doors locked, and windows up, when there are young black males known to be in the vicinity.

What does this say about our society? Are we living in a drive through Safari Park?

If we get out of our vehicles we deserve what we get and shouldn’t blame the animals, much less shoot them in self-defense?

People are foaming at the mouth calling George Zimmerman a racist while at the same time saying he’s at fault for not following the rules on the Safari Park safety brochure.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
35413,We’ve been to this rodeo so frequently there’s a transparent pattern. Notice anything missing? ♦ There does not appear to be a public call by the family of Philando Castile for the release of the radio dispatch from St. Anthony’s … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123582,"Perhaps, the biggest news of the night is outside the confines of the presidential election. In OH-2, Representative Jean Schmidt was defeated in a stunning upset by conservative challenger Brad Wenstrup. Jean Schmidt is the first of those who voted for … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225177,"The U.S. Chamber of Commerce want “Amnesty”.

Chamber President, Tom Donohue, paid a lot of money to Senator Mitch McConnell to deliver “Amnesty”. That’s why McConnell put the “Gang of Ocho” together.

Chamber President, Tom Donohue, has also paid enormous sums of money to House Speaker John Boehner to deliver “Amnesty”.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225190,"Sorry to be so cynical – – but against the backdrop of Ahmed Abu Khatallah’s arrest, and reports he is giving intel to interrogators, and knowing what White House risk is potentially present within that intelligence , it’s a little curious that half of the “ Gang of Eight ” would be summoned to the White House.

President Obama is notorious for ignoring congressional leadership. As a matter of historical reference he *rarely* (twice in six years) summons them for conversation. Consequently, amid the slow boat back from Benghazi, the transparency of this takes on a whole new meaning…

WASHINGTON DC – President Barack Obama told Capitol Hill’s “Big Four” leaders Wednesday afternoon that he doesn’t intend to seek congressional authority for any action in Iraq.

Returning to the Capitol after huddling with Obama at the White House for about an hour, both Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said the president had pledged to keep Congress in the loop. But McConnell said that the president won’t ask lawmakers to weigh in on whatever course of action he chooses.

“We had a good discussion,” McConnell said, adding that Obama “indicated he didn’t feel he had any need for authority from us for steps that he might take. And indicated he would keep us posted.”

McConnell declined to answer follow-ups on what options Obama is weighing, or what the GOP leader told the president. On Tuesday, he had urged Obama to lay out a concrete plan, warning that Afghanistan could become the next Iraq if the U.S. withdraws its military at the end of the year and criticizing the 2011 withdrawal from Iraq.

Though there was no separate statement from Speaker John Boehner, an aide said the speaker agreed with McConnell’s sentiment. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also attended the meeting and applauded Obama after he “reiterated his assurances that he will not send U.S. troops back into combat in Iraq.”

“I do not believe the President needs any further legislative authority to pursue the particular options for increased security assistance discussed today. I am pleased by the President’s efforts to secure strong Congressional support, and I look forward to additional consultation,” Pelosi said.

The White House said after the meeting that Obama told the leaders that his administration is pushing Iraqi leaders to “set aside sectarian agendas,” and reviewed possible assistance to Iraq. (continue reading)

HatTip MoonBattery for the graphic

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133259,"Benghazi:

Why was Ambassador Stevens in Benghazi Libya on 9/11/12 ?

Who was the CIA Station Chief in Benghazi Libya on 9/11/12 ?

Where are the victims of the terror attack ? Why have we not heard from them ?

What did Obama do after 7:18pm (DC time) on 9/11/12 ?

Why did the Turkish delegation not see any issues at 9:30 pm when leaving the compound ?

… or did they ?

IRS:

If it’s not a scandal then why is there a Justice Dept investigation?

If it’s not a scandal then why did IRS head Lois Lerner plead the fifth ?

If it was not even remotely a scandal then why did Obama call an emergency presser to announce his outrage ?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33404,"Its almost like Rev. Sharpton was only in it for a selfish exploitive value or something….

(Via Daily Caller) On Easter Sunday the Rev. Al Sharpton, an MSNBC host, broke a major promise he made to those supporting him and the family of slain teenager Trayvon Martin: He didn’t show up in Sanford, Fla., to “occupy” the town.

On March 26 Sharpton vowed to “occupy” Sanford over Easter weekend to show support for Trayvon, the 17-year-old black teen who was shot by Hispanic neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman on Feb. 26.

“We’re going to have a full blown occupation of Sanford with tents and everything over Easter weekend until [authorities] either arrest George Zimmerman, or arrest us for praying for his arrest,” Sharpton told ABC News about two weeks before Easter.

On Easter weekend, however, Sharpton is nowhere to be found in the central Florida town. Instead, according to his Twitter feed, he’s in Harlem.

“On my way to MSNBC to do the Melissa Harris Perry Show live at 11 15 AM EST,” Sharpton said in a tweet on Easter morning around 10:30 a.m. “Then I preach the Easter services at St. Lukes Baptist in Harlem.”

Sharpton also spent Saturday in Harlem, according to his Twitter feed. “I speak at the Saturday Action Rally at the House of Justice,” Sharpton tweeted around 7 a.m. on Saturday. (read more)

What A Difference A Week Makes…..",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223080,President Donald Trump has traveled to Harrisburg Pennsylvania to deliver a speech on the need for tax reform. The speech will likely be broadcast on cable news and is anticipated to begin at approximately 5:30pm to 6:00pm EST. UPDATE: Video … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45411,"I’m hearing strong rumors this is going to be really good – Including a COMPOUND WALK THROUGH with FOX on the ground reporters walking you through the compound itself….. (FOX) Tune in to Fox News [tonight] at 10 p.m. ET for a “Special Report” investigation on the Libya consulate attack.

Bret Baier anchors an investigation into the violent fiasco in Libya that ended in the deaths of a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans. The special includes Baier’s exclusive interview with the head of the U.S. Embassy’s Site Security Team, and the latest developments from Benghazi.

It will also include additional reports from the White House and the campaign trail — where voters are asking: What did President Obama know, and when did he know it? (article)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128155,"Read these recent Headlines from Egypt (article links embedded):

All of these headline events ocurred in the last week….

So what the heck are John McCain and John Kerry doing in Cairo Egypt celebrating the re-opening of their Stock Market ?

CLUELESS….. Friggin insufferables !!!

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223767,"WASHINGTON DC – Washington and Beijing have agreed to terms to return a Navy drone captured in the disputed waters of the South China Sea to the U.S., the Pentagon announced Saturday.

[…] China’s decision to release the drone Saturday, came hours after President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter to slam Beijing’s actions. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128899,"(Via Right Scoop) No, this is no joke and he doesn’t speak for his wife. But he did tell ABC News that he believes that Newt Gingrich has gone through much of what his wife went through in her VP … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132979,"This is a modified and updated repost from an early January ’16 outline which collected data from all of the various Donald Trump interviews, position papers, and historical outlines. Candidate Trump has been speaking about broad U.S. economic issues for decades. Trump approaches the challenges by focusing on “Main Street”, not Wall Street.

For the sake of brevity, I’m going to accept that most readers here are familiar with who is funding and directing Jeb Bush, and in larger, more consequential measures, the DC apparatchik in charge of U.S. Policy, ie. Wall street.

During the January 2016 South Carolina debate, and in response to Trump pointing out a necessary shift in trade position (a shift to put American interests first – a shift to stop the dependency on cheap import goods – a shift to use China’s dependency on access to our market to OUR advantage), Jeb Bush came back with an example of Boeing manufacturing.

Donald Trump, responding to Jeb’s Boeing example, and pointed out China is forcing Boeing to open a manufacturing plant in China. As would be typical from a candidate who is unfamiliar and unbriefed on the issue, Jeb looked back incredulously and said:

“C’mon man”…

There you have it.

There’s the disconnect.

Almost everyone missed it.

There, in that exact moment, is the spotlight upon all that is wrong with a professional political class; globalists dependent on Wall Street for their talking points.

Donald Trump was 100% correct.

But the issue is bigger.

Not only is China demanding Boeing open a plant in China, the intent of such a plant provides an opportunity to explain why Trump is vitally important – and time is wasting.

China is refusing to trade with (buy) Boeing if the company does not move. Why? It’s not about putting Chinese people to work, it’s about China importing their research and development, Boeing’s production secrets, into their country so they can learn, steal and begin to manufacture their own airliners.

This is just how China works.

In time, Comac, a state-owned, Shanghai-based aerospace company will then use the production secrets they have stolen, produce their own airliners, kick out Boeing, undercut the market, and sell cheaper manufactured airplanes to the global economy.

Boeing, the great American company that Jeb Bush thinks they are, becomes yet another notch on the Asian market belt.

All of those Boeing workers, those high-wage industrial skill jobs that support the American middle class, yeah – those jobs lost. And the cycle continues.

Of course Wall Street will be invested in the cheaper Chinese aerospace manufacturing company Comac, as it emerges as a manufacturing power.

This reality within this story is a peek into the future of the fundamental disconnect between Wall Street (grows again) and Main Street (lost jobs/wages). The reality within this example is exactly what has taken place over the past three decades.

Wall Street entities like Goldman Sachs will be fine. Ted and Heidi Cruz will be fine; Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Nikki Haley, Carly Fiorina, Mitt Romney, John Kasich will also be fine – it’s middle America who suffers.

The economic consequence, yet again, creates disparity between those insulated by Wall Street and the rest of the U.S. This is how our current oligarchy is growing out of control.

And so they, as professional politicians, will propose solutions – their solutions. However, their solutions are actually the preferred solutions of their campaign contributors, ie. Wall Street. The same Wall Street that funds lobbyists, like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, to set the economic legislative priorities of congress.

Meanwhile the non-import market, your visit to the grocery store, food, energy etc. sees prices increasing. This is what happens when a production economy becomes a service economy.

In 1984 a name brand polo shirt would cost around $$45, a really good TV around $$600 to $$1,000, a decent couch $$1500, and a pair of name brand sneakers around $$100. However, eggs (.49), milk ($$1.79 gal), and store bread (2 loaves for $$1).

Electric bill $$100, water bill $$20, phone bill $$50.

In 2016 an imported name brand polo costs around $$20, a really good TV $$300 to $$600, a couch for $$500 and a pair of sneakers $$50 – All imported, all Asian, all about half of of what they cost in 1984.

However, eggs ($$1.99), Milk ($$4.50+), and store bread ($$2+ each). All domestic products and all double or triple 1984. Electric bill $$250, Water bill $$100, phone bill $$100. Again domestic consumables, again double or triple.

We consume and spend more on domestic goods such as food, energy, fuel, than we do purchasing imported durable goods. As a consequence, depending on lifestyle, the net out-of-pocket is essentially the same to a little more. However, the income opportunity, the jobs, the good paying jobs, well, those are gone because the durables are no longer part of the domestic production.

To keep the unemployed pitchforks at bay, government policy (now directed by Wall Street globalists and corporations) subsidize the income gap. Ergo EBT, WIC and food stamp assistance necessarily increasing.

The pitchforks are dropped, but economic independence turns to dependence. With government policy adjusted accordingly – deficits necessarily explode. Sound familiar?

Yes, under Donald Trump’s proposal the cost of “durable” goods -at least those we import- will increase. Your iPhone might cost $$800 instead of $$600. However, the North Carolina apparel, clothing and furniture manufacturing market will have an opportunity to revitalize – and with it, jobs.

There’s going to be a period of pain as U.S. manufacturing finds it’s footing and begins to restart. However, in the longer term, it’s a shift from “dependency” to “independence”.

Those who were fully matriculated independent adults prior to 1984 know exactly what needs to be done.

Freedom is dependent upon it.

Meanwhile, Ben Shapiro was born in 1984 and necessarily views the world through the cost of his next iPhone. Another Wall Street supporter, Ted Cruz, was thirteen.

♦ On Social Security – Unlike many candidates Donald Trump is NOT calling for rapid or wholesale changes to the current Social Security program. With the single caveat of “high income retirees” (over $$250k annually), which Trump is open to negotiating on, candidate Trump does not consider these programs as “entitlements”. The American people pay into them, and the federal government has an obligation to fulfill the promises made upon collection.

To fully understand how Donald Trump views the solvency of Social Security, you must again understand his economic model and how it outlines growth.

The issue with Social Security, as viewed by Trump, is more of an issue with receipts and expenditures. If the aggregate U.S. economy is growing by a factor larger than the distribution needed to fulfill its obligations then no wholesale change on expenditure is needed. The focus needs to be on continued and successful economic growth.

What you will find in all of Donald Trump’s positions, is a paradigm shift he necessarily understands must take place in order to accomplish the long-term goals for the U.S. citizen as it relates to “entitlements” or “structural benefits”.

All other candidates are beginning their policy proposals with a fundamentally divergent perception of the U.S. economy. They are working with, and retaining the outlook of, a U.S. economy based on “services”; a service-based economic model.

While this economic path has been created by decades old U.S. policy, and is ultimately the only historical economic path now taught in school, Trump intends to change the course entirely.

Because so many shifts -policy nudges- have taken place in the past several decades, few academics and even fewer MSM observers, are able to understand how to get off this path and chart a better course.

Candidate Trump is proposing less dependence on foreign companies for cheap goods, (the cornerstone of a service economy) and a return to a more balanced U.S. larger economic model where the manufacturing and production base can be re-established and competitive based on American entrepreneurship and innovation.

No other economy in the world innovates like the U.S.A, Trump sees this as a key advantage across all industry – including manufacturing and technology.

The benefit of cheap overseas labor, which is considered a global market disadvantage for the U.S., is offset by utilizing innovation and energy independence.

The third highest variable cost of goods beyond raw materials first, labor second, is energy. If the U.S. energy sector is unleashed -and fully developed- the manufacturing price of any given product will allow for global trade competition even with higher U.S. wage prices.

In addition the U.S. has a key strategic advantage with raw manufacturing materials such as: iron ore, coal, steel, precious metals and vast mineral assets which are needed in most new modern era manufacturing. Trump proposes we stop selling these valuable national assets to countries we compete against – they belong to the American people, they should be used for the benefit of American citizens. Period.

EXAMPLE: Currently China buys and recycles our heavy (steel) and light (aluminum) metal products (for pennies on the original manufacturing dollar) and then uses those metals to reproduce manufactured goods for sale back to the U.S. – Donald Trump is proposing we do the manufacturing ourselves with the utilization of our own resources; and we use the leverage from any sales of these raw materials in our international trade agreements.

When you combine FULL resource development (in a modern era) with with the removal of over-burdensome regulatory and compliance systems, necessarily filled with enormous bureaucratic costs, Donald Trump proposes we can lower the cost of production and be globally competitive. In essence, Trump changes the economic paradigm, and we no longer become a dependent nation relying on a service driven economy.

The cornerstone to the success of this economic turnaround is the keen capability of the U.S. worker to innovate on their own platforms. Americans, more than any country in the world, just know how to get things accomplished. Independence and self-sufficiency is part of the DNA of the larger American workforce.

In addition, an unquantifiable benefit comes from investment, where the smart money play -to get increased return on investment- becomes putting capital INTO the U.S. economy, instead of purchasing foreign stocks.

With all of the above opportunities in mind, this is how we get on the pathway to rebuilding our national infrastructure. The demand for labor increases, and as a consequence so too does the U.S. wage rate which has been stagnant (or non-existent) for the past three decades.

As the wage rate increases, and as the economy expands, the governmental dependency model is reshaped and simultaneously receipts to the U.S. treasury improve.

More money into the U.S Treasury and less dependence on welfare/social service programs have a combined exponential impact. You gain a dollar, and have no need to spend a dollar – the saved sum is doubled. That is how the SSI and safety net programs are saved under President Trump.

When you elevate your economic thinking you begin to see that all of the “entitlements” or expenditures become more affordable with an economy that is fully functional.

As the GDP of the U.S. expands, so does our ability to meet the growing need of the retiring U.S. worker. We stop thinking about how to best divide a limited economic pie, and begin thinking about how many more economic pies we can create.

Simply put, we begin to….

…..Make America Great Again !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124361,"When there is a lack of publicly presented MSM polling, generally it’s because the results within their polling is not fitting with the preferred narrative. Such is the case with the absence of polls from December 10th to January 8th. … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121640,"If you are willing to accept the world as it is, rather than as you might wish it to be, the answer is obvious. ♦ Tens of thousands of non-inoculated Mexican/South American children, and their families, have been using Obama’s open border … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128076,"Seriously, what is this guy thinking? Who the flip is telling him he has any possibility. There is NO ROOM to the left of Romney. Heck, Romney doesn’t stand a chance himself so who is advising Huntsman that he has a shot? This is ridiculous. Again I refer to the Conservative Candidate Freedom continuum. Huntsman and Romney both occupy #8 Spot. No-one Lower than a 12 stands a chance. Anyone lower than 12 is not palatable to the core Tea Party energy. Palin, West, and Perry are around 15. Bachmann close there too. Cain standing solid around 14 is good too. So essentially, this election is going to be between Palin, Bachmann, Perry, and Cain (and Allen West if he entered) no-one else engages the energetic portion of the party.

Whoever thought of this was frilliant. When you go to www.jonhuntsman.com you get this page:

Dear Mr. President,

I am most grateful for the graciousness and kindness you have shown me and my family – particularly your confidence in my ability to represent you in China.

Mary Kaye and I will begin our journey tomorrow – leaving behind a state we love – but also anticipating an extraordinary experience in Beijing. You are a remarkable leader – and it has been a great honor getting to know you.

Jon

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125748,"A new Florida FAU poll (full pdf below) shows candidate Donald Trump extending his lead and nearing the 50% threshold. At 48% Trump has increased his lead by 11 points since the same poll was conducted a month ago.

Ted Cruz comes in a distant second at 16%, with home-state Senator Marco Rubio at 11% and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush 10% – the rest of the field is irrelevant in Florida.

The polling also includes the general Florida electorate enabling head-to-head match ups between the Republican candidates and Democrat candidates.

Donald Trump beats Hillary Clinton 47/44 -and- beats Bernie Sanders 47/42

Here’s the full data:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121451,"(Via CNN)—Apparent airplane debris found off the coast of Reunion island, a French department in the western Indian Ocean, is being examined to see if it is connected to the 2014 disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, a member of the French Air Force in Reunion said Wednesday.

The debris was found off the coast of St. Andre, a community on the island, according to Adjutant Christian Retournat. “It is way too soon to say whether or not it is MH370. We just found the debris this morning,” Retournat said.

He said the debris — what appears to be a wing flap — has been taken to the island, located about 380 nautical miles off the coast of Madagascar.

MH370 disappeared after taking off from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on March 8, 2014, bound for Beijing with 239 people aboard. (link)

{{ Adjusts Tin-Foil Hat }}… Given all the talks in/around Iran and their nuclear ambitions, the timing is, well, interesting.

FLASHBACK MARCH 2014 – A little more than a week after the mysterious Malaysian Flight MH370 disappearance, and the day after a report that Boeing had signal confirmation of their engines being located in Pakistan, a CIA analyst walked into the offices of the New York Times to present satellite pictures of a fake Iranian aircraft carrier.

I t seemed rather odd considering there was really no value in the story beyond exposing our spy intelligence in the region.

However, against the backdrop of the missing MH-370, and considering the images came from the CIA via DigitalGlobe -the same satellite company doing the MH-370 search- some speculated it may have been a message to regional players that we have the ability to see more than they may think we have the ability to see. *nudge, nudge – wink, wink*

Strange times we live in. Lots of seemingly innocuous coincidences.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121650,"The STL County Police are going to release more pictures of the looters every Tuesday. Finally, and interestingly, amid explaining this approach from Saint Louis law enforcement comes the following: “He said the coming images will include some from Aug. … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125249,"Against Hillary Clinton making ridiculous assertions about the Trump University lawsuit, the development of her former Information Technology aide seeking a protective order to avoid deposition is, well, beyond laughable.

Brian Pagliano, Hillary Clinton’s IT specialist who set up the home-brewed email server, is now seeking an emergency protective order to keep recordings away from his deposition, and further claiming he will invoke his fifth amendment rights and not answer questions.

Here’s a pdf of the court filing:

Apparently, Mr. Pagliano doesn’t like the thought of being on the receiving end of the Vince Foster treatment.

“Mr. Pagliano will invoke his right under the Fifth Amendment and decline to testify at the deposition.” Pagliano’s lawyers Mark MacDougall and Connor Mullin write. “Given the constitutional implications, the absence of any proper purpose for video recording the deposition, and the considerable risk of abuse, the Court should preclude Judicial Watch, Inc. from creating an audiovisual recording of Mr. Pagliano’s deposition.”

According to Politico: A spokesman for Clinton’s presidential campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the development.

Crooked Hillary

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133634,"Thoughts On The Video – Many aspects of what Roger Stone discusses in this interview we can confirm from current research.

It is accurate to say the Wall Street financial interests have determined some important dates for their current intentions. Marco Rubio has until March 15th (Florida Primary) to try and damage Donald Trump.

With an onslaught of negative Super-PAC and insider attack ads directed at Donald Trump the financial interests (who direct legislative activity) are trying to enhance Rubio’s efforts. However, if Rubio cannot beat Trump in Florida, the financiers will change approach and focus exclusively on trying to position a convention nomination block.

That’s where/when the party steps in and where Mitt Romney becomes a bigger player.

This aspect aligns with the Roger Stone interview above.

What we need to counter this approach is an overwhelming victory in Super Tuesday, hopefully defeating Ted Cruz in Texas, and then another set of two key victories in both Florida and Ohio on March 15th.

If Ted Cruz loses Texas, next Tuesday, the pressure on him to drop out and join the Marco Rubio onslaught will be overwhelming.

In between Super Tuesday (March 1st) and Florida/Ohio (March 15th) there will be another debate. A Fox News debate in Detroit.

Fox News via Bill Sammon (debate executive), Megyn Kelly (debate antagonist), and Brooke Sammon (Rubio Campaign Spokesperson – Bill’s daughter) will do everything they can to assist Rubio and take down Trump.

Bill Sammon (left – circled), Brooke Sammon (right)

This is going to be increasingly ugly, and, depending on the outcome of Super-Tue, the corporate media (namely Fox) will become increasingly desperate.

Fix Bayonets!

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
50950,"Black male walks up to random couple walking, takes out a shotgun and blasts the female in the back of the head.

The victim has been identified as Carrie Jean Melvin, age 30.

Even though police are desperately asking for help from the public, the article below -and media broadcast- does not give a full description of the suspect. To find that out, yet again, you’d have to scour around:

On July 5, 2015, around 10:12 p.m., Hollywood Area officers responded to a radio call of a shooting in the area of Sunset Boulevard and McCadden Place. Officers found that a female in her 30s had been shot while walking with her companion on McCadden Place toward Sunset Boulevard when an unidentified male Black approached on foot and shot the victim. The suspect left northbound on McCadden Place in a black sedan. (link)

Here is the early morning local report KTLA5 which intentionally avoids the uncomfortable description of the suspect. (Also note there is apparent CCTV video in the vicinity of the attack):

Latest KTLA5 Update Here

(213) 382-9470. During non-business hours or on the weekends, calls should be directed to 1-877-LAPD-24-7(877-527-3247). Anyone wishing to remain anonymous should call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (800)-222-8477). Tipsters may also contact Crime Stoppers by texting to phone number 274637(C-R-I-M-E-S on most keypads) with a cell phone. All text messages should begin with the letters”LAPD.” Tipsters may also go to Anyone with information regarding this shooting can contact West Bureau Homicide detectives at. During non-business hours or on the weekends, calls should be directed toAnyone wishing to remain anonymous should call Crime Stoppers atTipsters may also contact Crime Stoppers by texting to phone number 274637(C-R-I-M-E-S on most keypads) with a cell phone. All text messages should begin with the letters”LAPD.” Tipsters may also go to http://www.LAPDOonline.org , click on “webtips” and follow the prompts

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
35411,"Presidential Candidate Donald Trump & Vice-Presidential candidate Governor Mike Pence hold a press conference after the RNC Convention to thank RNC volunteers. Worthy to note Donald Trump outlines that Senator Cruz gave a speech with content not included in his presented speech script. Trump also states he will refuse any endorsement from Senator Ted Cruz.

Here’s the full Presser:

There’s also a few short video segments to emphasize if you’re short on time.

Candidate Donald Trump said he would refuse to accept any endorsement from Senator Ted Cruz:

Donald Trump commented on Ted Cruz speech. Senator Ted Cruz gave a speech that was not in the script he previously presented for approval:

Dan Scavino, Director of Social Media for the Trump campaign, talks about the amazing reach of Donald Trump’s social media accounts:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125740,"The latest Donald Trump radio ad highlights his eldest daughter, Ivanka Trump, speaking eloquently on behalf of her father:

Candidate Donald J Trump has entered the eye of the storm. The blistering winds that form the hurricane of self-interested opposition, from both the political left and the political right, are trying to destabilize his populist campaign.

This should not come as a surprise.

There are literally trillions of dollars at stake for those who control global finance, Wall Street, corporatists, crony capitalists, professional politicians and influence peddlers. Those same entities have structured the U.S. economy and broader U.S. economic policy to ensure their own scheme and graft. Trump is taking them all head on.

Donald Trump represents the single immovable object who refuses to allow further garnishment of American assets, and diminishment of American values. There is no other candidate in modern history who represents such a significant threat to global interests that are antithetical to the American citizenry.

As a direct consequence he is receiving fire from all sides. STEEL YOUR RESOLVE. His greatest weapon against our external and internal adversaries is the same today as it was seven months ago.

YOU !

Candidate Trump is giving everything he can to this effort. Showcasing a work ethic familiar only to those who choose not to be beholden to others; he is also displaying a determination America writ large desperately needs to emulate.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122426,"According to CNN’s reporting, Hillary Clinton has been examined -at home- by her personal physician, Lisa Bardack, and has been diagnosed with “pneumonia”; which is also being used as a current reasoning for her cough.

The diagnosis carries with it instructions for extended rest, medication to include antibiotics, and she will again be removed from ongoing campaigning.

New York […] “Secretary Clinton has been experiencing a cough related to allergies. On Friday, during follow up evaluation of her prolonged cough, she was diagnosed with pneumonia,” Dr. Lisa R. Bardack said in a statement obtained by Time magazine. “She was put on antibiotics, and and advised to rest and modify her schedule. While at this morning’s event, she became overheated and dehydrated. I have just examined her and she is now re-hydrated and recovering nicely,” Bardack wrote. (read more)

If this diagnosis and treatment course (ie. stay out of the public etc.) seems a little too convenient to you – there is understandable reasoning for skepticism and cynicism.

Dr. Lisa Bardack conducting an evaluation today:

Almost everyone has noted how little campaigning Clinton has done in the past few months. Hillary Clinton barely held any campaign events in August, and only a few events in the past two weeks. Her campaign schedule has been the lightest of any presidential candidate in the past 30 years.

Those of you who followed the post September 11th 2012 events will well remember Secretary Clinton’s team initially said she had “a cold”, then “a severe cold”. Days later the cold was given as a reason for her passing out. Another day passed and a “concussion” was attributed to her passing out. Several more days later and, with a visible hospital stay, “blood clots” were given as the reason for her medical care.

In 2012 a cold became a flu, that became a slip and fall, that became a concussion, that became blood clots, that demanded months of care far away from public review.

Researchers became cynics quickly upon evaluating Clintons events closely at the time and speculated if the real issue was “a stroke”, which held lingering effects often noted when she did reappear in 2014 for her book tour.

An inability of Hillary Clinton to effective use normal motor skill function, a seemingly obvious lack of visual acuity, and the consistent need for physical aid (specifically pointing her and guiding her) was noted for almost two years post 2012 medical episode.

The issues have seemingly only worsened in 2015 and 2016.

Complete Collapse Today: Even losing her shoes.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224096,"Begin, with the end in mind…

President Trump and Vice-President Pence met with Senate Leader Mitch McConnell (R), Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D), and Chairs of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley (R) and Dianne Feinstein (D) today. These are key members of the Senate who will be at the forefront of any Supreme Court nomination.

(Clockwise from bottom left: Chuck Schumer, Dianne Feinstein, Mike Pence, President Trump, Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley)

The small group meeting appears to be reconnaissance and temperature gauging for the upcoming Trump Supreme Court nomination which will be challenging.

In addition to the myriad of long-term impacts, Trump’s SCOTUS nominee will be a key element to the broader immigration issue. Referencing back to the DACA topic, it is predictable the removal of DACA will eventually end up with immigration advocates selecting a deportee for use in their deportation court challenge.

Similar to the path for legal challenge in gay marriage, the pro-amnesty immigration legal team will be looking for a DACA child (or young adult) born to non-legal resident parents. The underlying legal issue will then be a “birthright citizenship” challenge, an issue never reconciled in any Supreme Court case. The pro-amnesty goal will be to establish precedent and make birthright citizenship a matter of settled law….

The voices requesting immediacy in any overturning of Obama’s DACA action, should pause and consider the prudent rule: ‘begin with the end in mind‘.

President Trump first needs to establish the internal architecture for the larger immigration policy agenda. Trump has gained confirmation with Secretary of DHS Kelly for immigration enforcement. However, Trump needs a confirmed EPA head to proceed quickly with the Southern border wall construction.

Additionally, President Trump needs a confirmed Attorney General (Sessions) to structure the legal framework of the DOJ in defense of all immigration enforcement mechanisms.

Once President Trump has the policy architecture in place, it is only then when the executive action to remove DACA will become structurally prudent.

Lastly, it is prudent to remember President Trump does not have the actual support of Senate Leader Mitch McConnell, or House Speaker Paul Ryan (Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy) for immigration enforcement. All of the aforementioned names, along with several other GOPe politicians (Rubio, Flake, McCain, Graham, etc.) have taken multiple millions from pro-amnesty lobbyists and special interests – and that’s just the Senate.

There will be pressure upon each of these Senators by lobbying interests, surrounding the next SCOTUS nominee and the perspectives on immigration. Within the House of representatives there are even more more stealth pro-amnesty (open border) agents who will do little to support President Trump as he proceeds with immigration enforcement.

On a 1-10 scale of usurpation, immigration is a fully usurped UniParty issue at the maximum level 10.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
127750,"The U.S. State Department released more of Hillary Clinton’s emails today. One of those emails is noted as originating on March 22nd 2011, the exact day President Obama launched the attacks on Libya.

The newly released email confirms what many already knew – it was Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Susan Rice and Samantha Power who convinced President Obama to go to war in Libya:

“Turning POTUS around on this is a major win for everything we worked for”..

Last year we noted an article at Real Clear Politics which hit on one of the key aspects of the Benghazi fiasco media have been hell-bent on hiding; Hillary Clinton, not President Obama, is actually the person responsible for the crisis in Libya.

When we watched the House Select Committee on Benghazi hearings, it was interesting to note how no-one really went ‘there‘ to give Clinton full ownership of the 2011 Libyan Intervention; ownership she deserves. So let’s review Clinton’s ownership.

It’s as if both congress and the media have forgotten those ridiculous 19-days in 2011 when Hillary was flying back-and-forth to meet with French Prime-Minister Sarkozy and plan their endeavors.

In the U.S. presidential adviser Samantha Power was bending Obama’s ear with declarations of a “Responsibility to Protect” (R2P) the Eastern Libyan citizens from the boogie man narrative assigned to Gadaffi.

Meanwhile in New York, U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice was answering calls from her British and French counterparts who were similarly selling an interventionist message.

Back in the White House, President Obama was reluctant to engage. It was Secretary Clinton working overtime to bring the President into the same line of thinking as herself.

In a moment of rare bi-partisanship many Democrats and Republicans were aligned with the White House in not wanting to intervene in Libya. Of course, there was John McCain and Lindsey Graham who joined with Team Clinton to bomb yet another nation into civil war. But too his initial credit, Obama was reluctant.

February 2011 France’s Sarkozy almost immediately began calling for the ouster of Kaddaffi and requesting Western nations to get involved to insure Kaddaffi fell. Sarkozy was quite passionate about it – which struck many observers as odd because he was ‘so far out’ ahead of any nation on this position.

However, unlike Egypt, as the fighting intensified in February 2011 President Obama was curiously silent around Libya.

This initial non-reaction was played by the adoring U.S. media as Obama being calm under pressure. However, this calm was beset by the reality of what was actually reported to be taking place on the ground in Libya. The word “slaughter” was in almost every article.

Meanwhile President Obama seemed unfazed, and strangely quiet. So much so that Sarkozy was demanding President Obama say something, anything. This U.S. silence went on for over two full weeks until eventually the media headlines began to question the Obama strategy, or, well actually, the lack thereof.

This culminated in a weekend around February 24, 25 and 26th, 2011, when headlines began to read that Kaddaffi “strafes” while Obama “golfs”. and astoundingly enough the Libyan Ambassador to the U.S. went on national television and begged for Obama to do something, ANYTHING.

Then a seemingly innocuous event transpired which actually summarized the lack of U.S. leadership quite well. This became the origin of the “leading from behind” sentiment.

It is important to understand that under President Obama the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations is actually a cabinet level position.

In 2011 Ambassador Susan Rice and Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, were essentially equal peers.

Ambassador Rice representing Obama to the U.N. in New York, and Secretary Clinton representing Obama to nations while “on-the-road” so to speak. Under the leadership structure of Obama’s cabinet both held equal and equivocal rank.

During that critical February weekend when the world was desperately demanding some form of action around the civil war in Libya, Sarkozy was having visible fits on EU television and trying to put together a European coalition.

In direct response to Sarkozy’s pleas the U.N. announced an emergency Security Council meeting of the six prominent nations to determine what, if any, action could be taken to stop what was described as the “pending slaughter in Libya”.

However, instead of attending that emergency U.N. Security Council meeting February 25th, 2011, Ambassador Rice went to South Africa to attend a global warming summit where they were discussing the danger of bovine flatulence (cow farts) as it relates to harming the environment.

Back in Washington DC the optics were even worse.

After ignoring cries for opinion, let alone involvement, and with Ambassador Rice blowing off the U.N. Security council meeting, and against the backdrop of media beginning to sense a detached president more interested in golf than Libya, the whole optical mess exploded.

Because on that very night when the U.N. Security Council met, a detached President Obama and his wife Michelle held a Motown Review Concert in the East Room of the White House.

Talk about a bad optic – You can’t make this stuff up !!

By itself the White House Motown Review Party seemed a bit detached, but against the backdrop of Hillary proclaiming hundreds of women and children are being strafed in the streets, the optic was horrendous.

The contrast was so bold, and so stark, and happened so fast, and was seen by Europe and the United Nations as, well, unfathomable. The proverbial water-carrying media couldn’t ignore it if they wanted to.

Recognizing what was unfolding a rapid White House team scrambled with a crisis response…..

Against two weeks of silence in February 2011, and a fawning U.S. media beginning to doubt their own beliefs in the administration, the White House begins damage control for their earlier detachment.

When Susan Rice skipped a Feb 25, 2011 emergency weekend U.N. Security Council meeting, the Obama administration was compromised in their ability to influence any real outcome in Libya.

Without the U.S. seated at the policy table the U.N. made two strategic resolutions/decisions which were brutally short-sighted.

The first mistake was a resolution banning the sale or transfer of arms or weaponry into Libya during the civil war. On it’s face the ban might sound like a generally good idea; however, in reality it was exceptionally self-defeating. After all, it banned all weapons from entering Libya, including weapons for the opposition – which most thought would be needed for the “rebels” to defend themselves.

The second mistake was criminal charges brought about by the ICC (International Criminal Court) against the Kaddaffi regime. Nothing tells a dictator to double down on his position like telling him you as soon as this is over we will lock you and your family up for life.

Essentially those charges filed by the ICC solidified the certainty that Kaddaffi would never compromise. He was forced into a singular position – either he would win the civil war, or he would die trying. Losing the war would mean death or a life in prison – one of these was now certain. What did Kaddaffi have to lose by fighting?

This Security Council resolution highlights the emotional short-sighted outcome of most U.N. determinations. However, historically the U.S. has tempered logic to the 6 nation table of stupidity. But not this time. This time, at the specific direction of President Obama and his policy team, the U.S. did not even participate.

However, while the White House may have been annoyingly quiet, Hillary Clinton certainly was not.

This lack of synergy led to multiple instances where Clinton’s publicly voiced opinion ran exactly opposite to the Obama administration’s position she was supposedly representing.

The international optic was a completely out of sync with the White House and State Department.

Sometimes embarrassingly so.

The U.S. government came under fire today for chartering a rescue boat for Americans stuck in Libya that is too small to cope with the rough Mediterranean sea.

Hundreds of American citizens were finally set to depart Tripoli harbour aboard the Maria Dolores, a small passenger ferry chartered by the U.S., trapped there by rough seas.

At the same time larger Greek and Turkish vessels have transported thousands of their own citizens to safety, crossing the choppy water to mainland Europe. (link)

The State Department was struggling with multiple plates spinning simultaneously.

Secretary Clinton was noticeably unprepared to handle the heavy lifting and President Obama was not in the mood to initially bail her out. From the botched messaging, to the failure to evacuate American citizens from Western Libya, we watched as it almost seemed President Obama was enjoying Hillary being overwhelmed.

While Hillary had been trying to fill the February 2011 void left by Obama’s silence, another key player was working policy structure behind the scenes.

One of Obama’s little known advisors named Samantha Power began to play a more important role.

Power is the wife of Regulatory Czar Cass Sunstein, in 2011 she was a foreign policy advisor to President Obama along with Denis McDonough and Tom Donilon.

However, Power increasingly held a sway when it came to Libya, and her influence was soon noted with the introduction of the “Responsibility to Protect” Doctrine, or as it became known R2P.

Essentially her approach was to frame the possibility of defeat upon the Libyan Rebels in a similar venue as the historical Rwanda genocide. The potential slaughter of the Libyan Benghazi uprising was framed around a need for Humanitarian Intervention.

Despite the U.N Security Council resolution banning weapon distribution into Libya, the broad outline of a reason for U.S. intervention became visible. NATO would arm the rebellion and NATO would take action to “protect” the Benghazi rebels as Kaddaffi’s army moved ever closer to their weakly held positions.

However, there was one big problem – WE HAD NO IDEA WHO THE REBELS WERE. The administration had no idea what the ideology behind the Benghazi Rebels actually was.

Some analysts believe the administration actually did know, but chose not to recognize the rebels’ affiliation with al-Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood and armed them anyway.

Others, namely CNN analysts, said there was no real way to identify the ideology and we were just going to have to take a chance on them.

Personally I think there is profoundly enough visible evidence to state the administration ‘had to know’. Why?

Because there were hundreds of on-the-ground reports from the region which accurately identified individually very specific people within the rebels as radical islamists. There is no intellectually honest way to believe the administration did not know they were supporting al-Qaeda affiliates and the Muslim Brotherhood. The signs were just too obvious.

One of the first signs was the very first Kaddaffi politician who defected from the regime and joined the rebellion. Interior Justice Minister, Mustafa Abdel Jalil.

Within 48 hours of Justice Abdel Jalil surfacing as the first defector, and becoming the defacto leader of the rebels, it was easily identifiable his ideology was for a sharia compliant Libya.

But the reality of the “rebels” being al-Qaeda affiliated made things complex. In essence the CIA and DoD knew if Kaddaffi fell the most likely scenario would be a rise of Islamic extremism.

The compounding problem was the massive stockpiles of weapons that were at stake in the equation.

If Kaddaffi fell, decades of weapons built up in hundreds of warehouses were going to be up for grabs. Weapons that included surface-to-air missiles, MANPADS, shoulder fired stinger missiles and tons of mustard gas and WMD.

Kaddaffi had built up massive amounts of arms over a period of three decades as the worlds most notorious international terrorist.

Very soon those weapons and missiles would go missing; and it was the retrieval of those missiles that led to a joint State Dept./CIA operation putting Ambassador Chris Stevens in Benghazi, Eastern Libya where he was assassinated in September the following year….

So, yeah – she owns this:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123676,The stupid is thick with this propaganda spin. Of course most of the enrollees to the ObamaCare exchange would get a subsidy – because ObamaCare itself is more expensive than private plans for people who don’t qualify for subsidy. The only reason you … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45271,"If the name “Fordo” rings a bell it might be because you remember CIA Director John Brennan being questioned about it last Sunday.

LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP) — The United States is considering letting Tehran run hundreds of centrifuges at a once-secret, fortified underground bunker in exchange for limits on centrifuge work and research and development at other sites, officials have told The Associated Press.

The trade-off would allow Iran to run several hundred of the devices at its Fordo facility, although the Iranians would not be allowed to do work that could lead to an atomic bomb and the site would be subject to international inspections, according to Western officials familiar with details of negotiations now underway. In return, Iran would be required to scale back the number of centrifuges it runs at its Natanz facility and accept other restrictions on nuclear-related work.

Instead of uranium, which can be enriched to be the fissile core of a nuclear weapon, any centrifuges permitted at Fordo would be fed elements such as zinc, xenon or germanium for separating out isotopes used in medicine, industry or science, the officials said. The number of centrifuges would not be enough to produce the amount of uranium needed to produce a weapon within a year – the minimum time-frame that Washington and its negotiating partners demand.

[…] Experts say the compromise for Fordo could still be problematic. They note it would allow Iran to keep intact technology that could be quickly repurposed for uranium enrichment at a sensitive facility that the U.S. and its allies originally wanted stripped of all such machines – centrifuges that can spin uranium gas into uses ranging from reactor fuel to weapons-grade material.

And the issue of inspector access and verification is key. Iran has resisted “snap inspections” in the past. Even as the nuclear talks have made progress, Iran has yet to satisfy questions about its past possible nuclear-related military activity. The fact that questions about such activity, known as Possible Military Dimensions, or PMDs, remain unresolved is a serious concern for the U.N. atomic watchdog.

In addition, the site at Fordo is a particular concern because it is hardened and dug deeply into a mountainside making it resistant – possibly impervious – to air attack. Such an attack is an option that neither Israel nor the U.S. has ruled out in case the talks fail. (read more)

Current CIA Director John Brennan wrote about Iran in an obscure foreign policy magazine over the summer of 2008 – during the Obama campaign.

The article, entitled “The Conundrum of Iran: Strengthening Moderates without Acquiescing to Belligerence,” appeared in the July issue of “The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science.”

Among other recommendations, it argued that the next U.S. administration should grant political legitimacy to the terrorist organizations Hezbollah and Hamas, and should exercise “strategic patience” with Iran rather than engaging in “bellicose” rhetoric and coercive diplomacy. (link)

From Brennan’s Abstract specifically about Iran:

After nearly three decades of antagonistic rhetoric and diplomatic estrangement between the United States and Iran, the next president has the opportunity to set a new course for relations between the two countries.

When the next president takes up residence at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Iranian officials will be listening. The president must implement a policy of engagement that encourages moderates in Iran without implying tolerance for Tehran’s historic support of terrorist activities.

This strategy will require patience and sensitivity to the complex political realities inside Iran. To successfully chart a new course for U.S.-Iranian relations, the next president must (1) tone down rhetoric; (2) establish a direct dialogue with Tehran, including comprehensive, private discussions and deployment of a special envoy; (3) encourage greater assimilation of Hezbollah into Lebanon’s political system; and (4) offer carrots in addition to sticks, including consideration of legitimate Iranian concerns on regional security issues.

– John Brennan July, 2008

It was during the specific timeframe of this pre-election 2008 phase, that we recently became aware of another massive nuclear puzzle piece.

From a radio interview in October of 2014 Mark Levin discusses with Michael Leeden the details of a secret message sent by candidate Senator Barack Obama to Iran in 2008 via a former Ambassador, William G Miller.

In essence the content of the communique was Senator Obama telling the Iranian government not to negotiate with the outgoing George Bush administration because Obama was more friendly toward the position of Iran and he would work to structure a more favorable outcome to the Iranian people. (link)

To provide some even greater understanding to how Brennan’s ideology took hold while actually inside the White House – you only need to look at Brennan’s comments in 2011.

This commentary is from June of 2011 three months after the U.S. began arming al-Qaeda in Libya (Brennan is -at the time- Obama’s main national security guy):

“Our strategy is…shaped by a deeper understanding of al Qaeda’s goals, strategy, and tactics. I’m not talking about al Qaeda’s grandiose vision of global domination through a violent Islamic caliphate. That vision is absurd, and we are not going to organize our counterterrorism policies against a feckless delusion that is never going to happen. We are not going to elevate these thugs and their murderous aspirations into something larger than they are.” ~John Brennan, White House Senior Advisor to The President (for counterterrorism and national security) June 29th 2011

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222572,"Forget the classless, inappropriate and tacky aspect for a moment. This is a stunning lack of customer privacy for any professional business entity. Typical liberalism on display.

(Via Daily Mail) After the 34-year-old [Ivanka Trump] ordered an $$84 gold Helix Ear Cuff from Lady Grey Jewelry‘s website, the brand’s co-founders and designers, Jill Martinelli and Sabine Le Guyader, took to the company’s Instagram page on Tuesday to share a photo of the handwritten note they sent to Ivanka.

The publicly shared message revealed that the jewelry designers donated the proceeds of the sale to various organizations, including the Hillary Clinton campaign. (read more)

No idea who these “Lady Grey” jewelry business owners are, but they are obviously very rude and unprofessional people if they find some benefit in snarking publicly at their customers.

Unreal.

Business Link – HERE

Twitter Link – HERE

Instagram Link – HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123130,"Turkey has been an intentionally ignored hotbed of protests against hardline islamofascism. Then a horrible mining accident happened recently with almost 300 dead miners. Emotions are raw and tensions are high. Into this mix comes a heavy handed Erdogan.

TURKEY – […] Reports allege that the young man, wearing a blue t-shirt, chanted slogans critical of Erdoğan and then entered the store. Erdoğan then followed the protester inside, grabbed the man and then punched him two or three times, according to eyewitness reports.

The owner of the store corroborated the reports, saying that he saw surveillance camera footage showing that Erdoğan was punching a man, adding, “The bodyguards took away the footage and suggested that I not mention the issue.”

A video of the incident shared on the popular video-sharing platform YouTube shows Erdoğan telling the protester, “Come next to me and boo me,” before walking up to the one man into the store then. At one point during the video Erdoğan grabs the protestor and punches him.

In the video footage, Deputy Prime Minister Bülent Arınç and Interior Minister Efkan Ala are seen entering the store after Erdoğan and attempting to calm him down. Erdoğan’s anger and nervousness can be seen on his face as he leaves the store.

Tensions were high as hundreds of relatives and miners jostled outside the coal mine waiting for news, with a heavy police presence. Many women wept uncontrollably, men knelt sobbing while others just stared in disbelief as rescue workers removed a steady stream of bodies throughout the night and early morning.

After the incident Erdoğan’s bodyguards are alleged to take footage from surveillance cameras which may have recorded the incident.

A number of people showed strong reactions to Erdoğan’s visit. Rocks were thrown at the police, who clamped down strongly on the protesters. Police set up fences and stood guard around Soma state hospital during Erdoğan’s visit. (link)

But it didn’t just stop there.

WASHINGTON POST – When you are a government aide visiting the site of a national tragedy, there are a good number of things you should refrain from doing. I’m not sure exactly where it ranks, but kicking a protester who is pinned to the floor by armed police officers must be pretty high on the list. Perhaps more important still, don’t get photographed doing it.

If you want proof of that, just ask Yusuf Yerkel, identified by the Turkish news media as an adviser to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Yerkel was with Erdogan when he visited Soma, Turkey, the day after a mining disaster Tuesday that has left almost 300 people dead and about 150 feared trapped underground. Yerkel has confirmed to BBC Turkey’s Safak Timur that, yes, it was indeed him who was photographed from multiple angles apparently kicking a protester.

As you can imagine, the photograph did not go down well. Images of the kick have been shared tens of thousands of times on social media:

(continue reading)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
13415,"Round six of NAFTA renegotiation talks continue today as Canada and Mexico claim cautious optimism that a round seven will take place. This round of talks is scheduled to continue through Monday and end with a much anticipated a joint press conference between Ildefonso Guajardo (Mex), Chrystia Freeland (Can) and U.S. Trade Rep. Robert Lighthizer. There were seven rounds initially scheduled.

Canada and Mexico are trying to close less important, and less controversial, trade chapters in an effort to give the illusion of progress and frame a political narrative that lends itself toward continuing to talk; ie. round seven.

However, if there’s no significant progress on the larger issues it’s doubtful Lighthizer will find value in endless words that amount to nothing.

Canada and Mexico have been lobbying U.S. politicians hard to retain their parasitic trade positions. Additionally, a significant number of Washington DC politicians are willing to take massive bribes from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce lobbyists and support the export of American economic jobs and wealth. This is another key UniParty indulgence issue.

Big Corporate Agriculture (Big AG), the consortium of massive multinational agriculture companies who hold stakes in the entire continent, are pushing hard to keep their “controlled market” dominance in place, and is attempting to stoke fears using false claims about farms and negative trade impacts to farmers. Pure nonsense.

The three major sticking points remain (there are more, but these are the best known):

1) Rules of Origin; 2) Conflict Resolution; and 3) Sunset Provisions for renegotiation.

Rules of Origin – Team U.S.A. wants car North American auto manufacturers to use at least 60% parts from within North America.

– Team U.S.A. wants car North American auto manufacturers to use at least 60% parts from within North America. Team CanaMex wants to use fully assembled auto parts from China and Asia to assemble cars in Mexico and Canada and sell them as American made automobiles.

Conflict Resolution . Team U.S.A. wants an independent panel to deal with trade disputes, comprised of officials in relationship to the size of each economy.

. Team U.S.A. wants an independent panel to deal with trade disputes, comprised of officials in relationship to the size of each economy. Team CanaMex (the parasites) want to be able to override any U.S. objections to their manufacturing outcomes. They demand equality in voting. The U.S. is the host.

Sunset : Team U.S.A. wants the NAFTA agreement revisited, reviewed and renegotiated if needed, every five years. Some manufacturing sectors entirely change. [Example e-Commerce didn’t even exist when NAFTA was created, 25 years ago.]

: Team U.S.A. wants the NAFTA agreement revisited, reviewed and renegotiated if needed, every five years. Some manufacturing sectors entirely change. [Example e-Commerce didn’t even exist when NAFTA was created, 25 years ago.] Team CanaMex says no way. Whatever final trade deal is decided, is put upon the U.S. to deal with forever regardless of any changes in any sector.

It’s all smoke and mirrors at this point. Hopefully, Lighthizer will show up on Monday and simply say ‘enough, we’re done’.

End NAFTA and do bi-lateral trade deals where the size and scale of the U.S. market -our leverage- determines a more favorable outcome for the U.S. against both Canada and Mexico. Enough with these silly games.

(Via Reuters) […] During the sixth round, Canada raised what it called creative ways of meeting U.S. demands for higher North American content in autos, a sunset clause that would allow one party to quit the treaty after five years, and major changes to existing conflict resolution mechanisms. “I think we have demonstrated we have engaged on most of the big issues,” Verheul said in his remarks to Reuters. “We’ve made progress on some of the smaller ones, so I think (it was) not a bad week.” The Mexican official said that Canada’s proposals on rules of origin for autos, the sunset clause and conflict resolution mechanism were “positive, in as much as they are an attempt to move things forward.” Speaking separately, a second Canadian government source said Ottawa was cautiously optimistic about the round, given that the U.S. side had not summarily rejected the proposals for compromise. (read more)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132108,"(Daily Mail) The gunman who held hostage 21-year-old Hofstra University student, Andrea Rebello, who later died in the police gun battle has been identified by police as Dalton Smith – a known criminal who was wanted for absconding parole for robbery.

Police revealed the identity of Smith, 30, of Hempstead, today and revealed a warrant was put out for his arrest on April 25.

He had been found guilty of robbery in the 1st degree and had an extensive criminal background going back to 1999 with multiple convictions for theft and assault.

He also spent time in prison and was convicted again for handling contraband goods while behind bars.

He was shot by police on Friday after what appears to be an attempted robbery on Rebello, her twin and their friends. Reports say the man shot Andrea Rebello as she pleaded for her life.

The 30-year-old followed the sisters, Jessica and Andrea, Jessica’s boyfriend John Kourtessiss and another student called Shannon Thomas back to the girls’ California Avenue sorority house from the popular student bar, McHebes, according to the New York Post.

The gunman reportedly targeted the students after seeing them spending large amounts of money in the drinking spot to celebrate the end of the school term.

Around 2.20am he allegedly peered through the window in his ski mask and knocked on the door before forcing himself in and taking the group hostage.

Raiding the home he shouted: ‘I saw you at the bar drinking. I know you have more money than this!’, according to police sources quoted in the Post report.

He made the twins remain but told Thomas to leave and withdraw money from an ATM machine – warning her he would shoot her friends if she tried anything.

While away from the home she called 911.

As police arrived neighbors said they heard blood-curdling screams and what sounded like a woman pleading for her life.

Victoria Dehel, who lives four doors down told the New York Times that she heard shouting.

At first is sounded like ‘a bunch of drunk college students,’ she told the Times.

‘And then the screaming just got worse and worse and worse. And then we heard thuds, like five bangs,’ she said.

Dehel said she and her boyfriend stepped onto their porch and they could hear what sounded like a woman pleading for her life, just as police cars raced down the street.

‘I turned to my boyfriend and I said, ‘I think someone just got murdered’. It was awful,’ she said.

‘[Police] drew their weapons and went inside,’ neighbor Frank Pugliese, 19 told the Post.

“She was pleading for her life. You could tell she was scared. It was a surreal moment . . . She was pleading — her voice was trembling and she yelled, ‘No, no!’ ” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222660,"A recent comment brings something to light…. I am editing out identity not only because I have no desire to point out a specific person, but because in a larger text it apparently relates to growing constituency:

….. although I’ve been following the Zimmerman trial and post-trial postings for many weeks. I understand and agree with [xxxxxxx] comments. I also had [xxxxxx]-like feelings about many of the religious comments posted here. Not for my own sake as a libertarian atheist, but for the sake of my liberal white friends who I would like to refer to this site. I’ve often thought, “I wish these people would tone it down with the Christian talk. My friends are going to take one brief look at this site and dismiss it as a bunch of right-wing religious nuts. They won’t stay long enough to get the kernel of truth spoken here about the BGI and its government co-conspirators.” But I decided it wasn’t my place to ask this community to alter its commentary to suit the prejudices of my liberal white friends. If my friends are too close-minded to look past the religious talk then that really is their problem. I believe that much of the Christian commentary here is unnecessary and is frequently off point…..

What would possibly make you think I/we/us would want to attract a following of “liberal white friends” to this site? The descriptions you then attach to those persons fill identification (check boxes) of exactly who I/we/us would NEVER WANT to associate with. Period.

Those people you describe are the absolute cause of the ROT within our republic and to identify them as “friends” defines the disparity with clarity.

I/We/Us consider *them* the ENEMY.

Secondly, what possible psychological impetus would put forth the proposition that it would be even remotely appropriate to make such a demand?

That is really alarming when you think about it.

What would make you think it even remotely appropriate to tell ‘us’ that we need to adjust ‘who we are’ to accommodate ‘you’ (and/or your friends)?

In the larger context I could use this opportunity to point out exactly what runs through the mind of Progressives when they demand “compromise”. Not compromising their position – but rather demanding everyone move toward them. But I digress.

Let me once again repeat a prior consideration presented to Katrisha as she made demands. This is directly from me, to both her and all of the readers upon these pages. Just change the idioms inherent in the argument, and the answer is the same:

Is this a home for hermit crab? I think most assuredly it is. Rag tag misfits and hermit crabs says I.

However, I never knew it was possible to determine skin color by looking at ‘Ariel 10′ characters on a typeset.

What Katrisha senses, and rightly so, -inside herself- is the incapacity to stop those she disagrees with, the Black Grievance Industry, from saying they speak on her behalf.

The intellectual enemy has forced her to put on their uniform. They have, by full intent and purposeful positioning, then described every member of their encampment.

The frustration/fear within their camp is then held by those who do not wish to wear the uniform.

The fear they feel is then externalized against anyone who is in the fight against those Katrisha disagrees with, who do not afford separation between her and the enemy who demanded she wear the uniform of compliance against her will.

How can a righteous soldier know such distinctions? But…. how can they… separate I mean.

When the enemy is all wearing the same uniform, and the Generals in charge of the enemy proclaim that all within that same uniform should expect to be considered the enemy.

How is the truthful and righteous intellectual soldier to fight – when he or she is forced to question the intent of his or her target prior to using their trigger finger?

THE ENEMIES GOAL – Who does that trigger *fear* benefit ?

The righteous or the deceiver?

This is what Katrisha may understand yet awkwardly cannot answer.

The intellectual fight needed, the fight she must take, is within the encampment of those who demand she wear their uniform.

The fight is not with us.

Is it then weighed too dangerous, too difficult, and too significant in appearance, to her sense of self to fight them?

She knows the ideologically aligned “us” will go easier on her; and afford an understanding.

Perhaps. But is it such a noble understanding?

Or is it, as I would present, a painful co-dependency that must be broken at the origin?

The intellectual independent did not create the ideological challenge, yet we are demanded to consider it. (?)

Not I.

For I will not accept the responsibility of fighting her battle on her behalf. [I will not change the approach] She approached the wire. Someone yelled “Halt”…. or did they? (Again, ariel 10 typeset lends no capacity for definition)

Katrisha is not the enemy… Fair enough…. I can cherish you as I do all of similar constitution… but the tougher love is to: “Turn Around”, I say, “and go back to give *them* that uniform”, “then return in your non combative attire, and we will discuss your entrance”.

She might rightly reconcile fear….. “they’ll figuratively kill me”. Who’s issue is that?

Regretfully one must say, “that’s your issue”, I will not put the entire righteous platoon at risk by allowing you to enter the camp of intellectual armourment, and then define the allowable weaponry which may be used in the confrontation ahead.

Which is the truer but tougher cause?

If Katrisha’s motive is as expressed, and I have no reason to doubt the purity, then she will just as rightly demand the uniform be disassociated from herself.

This can only take place within the camp from which it originated. Not only because it is theirs, but also because it is impossible for us to remove. It has been locked upon her just as assuredly as a bolted straight jacket – and we do not possess the key for removal.

If removal is impossible under these conditions, that’s not an issue I choose to absorb… The cultural marxist infection is sewn into the fabric, and cannot advance here.

…..And come sunrise we will continue moving forward en masse’ against that rotted locale which contains the intellectually infected petri dish of collectivist Fabian origin….

…… and I swear it to be true that if you, or any other, are there when we arrive; And you, or any other, are wearing that uniform, I will most assuredly consider you the enemy with as much reflexivity as I will any other that may or may not hold a similar constitution.

And I will feel no guilt or remorse – because I refuse to accept the deflection.

In the war of ideas – boldness must be drawn.

We are not hiding what we stand for. We proclaim it. Loudly….

….. and we will not, modify, compromise, nor provide quarter.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128228,"As Texas governor, GOP presidential hopeful Rick Perry has presided over 234 executions. It’s a record number, which, The Washington Post reported last week, bestows on Perry “a law-and-order credential that none of his competitors can match — even if they wanted to.”

Watch how pundits will try to turn that statistic into a political negative — and paint Perry as the governor with blood on his spurs — even though American voters overwhelmingly support the death penalty.

The temptation to tout Texas’ status as the state with the most executions will prove too seductive. It won’t matter that, as the Post story points out, Perry has overseen more executions than any other governor in modern history because his state is the second-largest in the country and he has served as governor of that state for nearly 11 years or that the late Democratic Gov. Ann Richards oversaw 50 executions during her one term — and unlike Perry, she never commuted a death sentence.

The irony here, points out Kent Scheidegger of the pro-death penalty Criminal Justice Legal Foundation in Sacramento, Calif., is that Texas does not deserve its reputation as the most execution-prone state. Scheidegger crunched federal data from 1977 to 2009 and found that among the nation’s 34 states with capital punishment, Texas falls below the mean of 16.5 death penalty sentences per 1,000 murders. Delaware and Oklahoma have higher rates when it comes to executions.

Of course, the other big factor is that Texas is not California. Hence, its sentences are not crushed under the heel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. There is no federal judge in the Lone Star State who — fearful, lest a convicted murderer be put at risk of feeling any pain during lethal injection — issued an order that effectively stayed all state executions since February 2006, as happened in California.

In Texas, a governor actually can carry out the law.

So, how do pundits turn that into a negative? Death penalty opponents suggest that Perry presided over the execution of an innocent man, Cameron Todd Willingham, in 2004, after Willingham was wrongfully convicted for the 1991 deaths of his three daughters, 2-year-old Amber and 1-year-old twins Karmon and Kameron.

Barry Scheck, co-director of the Innocence Project in New York, has argued that an innocent man was executed. Investigators’ finding of arson was seriously flawed. A number of journalists agree.

(Over time, I’ll be examining the case — as this controversy will not go away. On the one hand, I’ve seen journalists who so want to believe that mean-spirited law enforcement officials prosecuted an innocent man that they’ve willfully ignored overwhelming evidence of guilt. As Scheidegger noted, the Willingham case “has been the subject of a lot of selective reporting.” On the other hand, though Perry is right to point out that a jury convicted Willingham and appellate courts upheld the verdict, his 2009 decision to dismiss the chairman of a state forensic panel that was supposed to review the Willingham case works against him. The San Antonio Express-News editorialized that Perry’s political maneuvers to thwart a review were “unconscionable.”)

On the compassionate conservative side, Perry has commuted three death sentences to life in prison. In 2007, on the advice of the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles, Perry granted a reprieve to stop the lethal injection of Kenneth Foster because Foster drove the getaway car but was not the shooter in a 1996 robbery/homicide. Perry also signed the bill that created life without parole as an alternative to the death penalty.

I think the death penalty could be a much bigger problem for President Barack Obama as he seeks re-election. Obama says that he supports the death penalty, but his administration opposed Texas’ scheduled execution of Humberto Leal — who was convicted in the 1994 murder/rape of a 16-year-old — because Leal, a Mexican national raised in San Antonio, had not been advised that he was entitled to consult with the Mexican Consulate. Perry would not oblige, and Leal was executed.

Also, under the Obama administration this year, the Drug Enforcement Administration seized the lethal injection drug sodium thiopental from Georgia, Kentucky and Tennessee on the grounds that the Food and Drug Administration has not approved drugs intended to execute convicted killers.

Yes, folks, those are your tax dollars at work in the Obama administration — funding federal law enforcement raids designed to undermine state laws.

It doesn’t matter that the U.S. Supreme Court upheld lethal injection by a 7-2 margin in a 2008 ruling. If there is one way Democrats know how to use the federal government successfully, it is to sabotage state laws they don’t like.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224484,"President Trump and Vice-President Mike Pence participate in the swearing in ceremony for Attorney General Jeff Sessions:

During the swearing in of Attorney General Jeff Sessions President Donald Trump discussed his signing of three executive orders, including ones targeting transnational drug cartels and those who commit crimes against law enforcement.

“These dangerous times require a determined attorney general,” Trump said at an Oval Office ceremony for Sessions, who said rising crime is a “dangerous, permanent trend” in the United States and also promised to “end this lawlessness” of illegal immigration.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222890,"The leftist media have inflated the ego of the current regime… It’s how you get a Nobel Peace Prize for doing nothing noble or prize worthy.

Vocativ was on Martha’s Vineyard over the weekend to film a piece about the African-American community on the island. While we were shooting on Beach Road, one of the busiest thoroughfares on the Vineyard, the Secret Service approached and asked us to switch off our camera for 15 minutes.

A moment later, first lady Michelle Obama power walked by our crew. She was out for some exercise with a small group—and a serious security detail. It was 9:30 in the morning.

Our producer and cameraman were surrounded by Secret Service agents and very strongly advised to stop filming. At one point, Mrs. Obama looked in their direction and said, “Don’t do that.” It’s unclear if she was telling the agents to leave us alone, or scolding us for filming on public property.

We wondered what the big deal was. The first lady is a fierce advocate for wellness and exercise. And there she was on her vacation—getting out and actually practicing what she preaches. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45220,"From time to time we post a quiz so that you can test your knowledge. Our readers do remarkably well, if past experience is any indication! Most of the questions in this quiz are taken right from the U.S. Naturalization … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124267,"You might have read, or received, an e-mail from gun rights enthusiasts with the following story:

You’re sound asleep when you hear a thump outside your bedroom door. Half-awake, and nearly paralyzed with fear, you hear muffled whispers. At least two people have broken into your house and are moving your way. With your heart pumping, you reach down beside your bed and pick up your shotgun. You rack a shell into the chamber, then inch toward the door and open it…

In the darkness, you make out two shadows. One holds something that looks like a crowbar. When the intruder brandishes it as if to strike, you raise the shotgun and fire. The blast knocks both thugs to the floor. One writhes and screams while the second man crawls to the front door and lurches outside.

As you pick up the telephone to call police, you know you’re in trouble. In your country, most guns were outlawed years before, and the few that are privately owned are so stringently regulated as to make them useless..

Yours was never registered..

Police arrive and inform you that the second burglar has died.

They arrest you for First Degree Murder and Illegal Possession of a Firearm.

When you talk to your attorney, he tells you not to worry: “authorities will probably plea the case down to manslaughter”.

“What kind of sentence will I get?” you ask.

“Only ten-to-twelve years,” he replies, as if that’s nothing.

“Behave yourself, and you’ll be out in seven.”

The next day, the shooting is the lead story in the local newspaper. Somehow, you’re portrayed as an eccentric vigilante while the two men you shot are represented as choirboys. Their friends and relatives can’t find an unkind word to say about them.

Buried deep down in the article, authorities acknowledge that both “victims” have been arrested numerous times. But the next day’s headline says it all: “Lovable Rogue Son Didn’t Deserve to Die.”

The thieves have been transformed from career criminals into Robin Hood-type pranksters. As the days wear on, the story takes wings. The national media picks it up, then the international media. The surviving burglar has become a folk hero.

Your attorney says the thief is preparing to sue you, and he’ll probably win. The media publishes reports that your home has been burglarized several times in the past and that you’ve been critical of local police for their lack of effort in apprehending the suspects.

After the last break-in, you told your neighbor that you would be prepared next time. The District Attorney uses this to allege that you were lying in wait for the burglars. A few months later, you go to trial.

The charges haven’t been reduced, as your lawyer had so confidently predicted.

When you take the stand, your anger at the injustice of it all works against you. Prosecutors paint a picture of you as a mean, vengeful man. It doesn’t take long for the jury to convict you of all charges.

The judge sentences you to life in prison.

This case really happened.

On August 22, 1999, Tony Martin of Emneth, Norfolk , England , killed one burglar and wounded a second. In April, 2000, he was convicted and is now serving a life term.

How did it become a crime to defend one’s own life in the once great British Empire ?

While the construct of the story is established to scare gun owners or advocates, the story of Tony Martin is a little less innocent.

Mr. Martin had numerous times before been burgalarized, he had booby traps established to twart future robbers. Indeed his rural farmhouse was agains broken into, but both burgalars were actually shot in the back and leg as they were climbing out through a window. Mr. Martin had lost his shotgun license years earlier due to firing on a motorist, perhaps on his property.

Mr. Martin petitioned the court for a reduction in sentence and won. His charged sentence was reduced to manslaughter. I believe he was paroled in 2003 having served two-thirds of his sentence. However, what I find interesting in the background of this case is the statement from the Parole board in their initial refusal for release:

The parole board, however, has continually refused him early release – saying he has shown no remorse and would continue to pose a danger to any other burglars. (link)

SERIOUSLY ? The guy would be a “danger to burglars“? Now we have a reference point for the mental logic of Piers Morgan AND Natalie Jackson.

It started with the Pistols Act of 1903. This seemingly reasonable law forbade selling pistols to minors or felons and established that handgun sales were to be made only to those who had a license.

The Firearms Act of 1920 expanded licensing to include not only handguns but all firearms except shotguns.

Later laws passed in 1953 and 1967 outlawed the carrying of any weapon by private citizens and mandated the registration of all shotguns. Momentum for total handgun confiscation began in earnest after the Hungerford mass shooting in 1987.

Michael Ryan, a mentally disturbed man with a Kalashnikov rifle, walked down the street shooting everyone he saw.

When the smoke cleared, 17 people were dead. The British public, already de-sensitized by eighty years of “gun control”, demanded even tougher restrictions. (The seizure of all privately owned handguns was the objective even though Ryan used a rifle.)

Nine years later, at Dunblane, Scotland,Thomas Hamilton used a semi-automatic weapon to murder 16 children and a teacher at a public school. For many years, the media had portrayed all gun owners as mentally unstable, or worse, criminals.

Now the press had a real kook with which to beat up law-abiding gun owners.

Day after day, week after week, the media gave up all pretense of objectivity and demanded a total ban on all handguns. The Dunblane Inquiry, a few months later, sealed the fate of the few side arm’s still owned by private citizens.

During the years in which the British government incrementally took away most gun rights, the notion that a citizen had the right to armed self-defense came to be seen as vigilantism. Authorities refused to grant gun licenses to people who were threatened, claiming that self-defense was no longer considered a reason to own a gun.

Citizens who shot burglars or robbers or rapists were charged while the real criminals were released.

Indeed, after the Martin shooting, a police spokesman was quoted as saying, “We cannot have people take the law into their own hands.” All of Tony Martin’s neighbors had been robbed numerous times, and several elderly people were severely injured in beatings by young thugs who had no fear of the consequences. Martin himself, a collector of antiques, had seen most of his collection trashed or stolen by burglars.

When the Dunblane Inquiry ended, citizens who owned handguns were given three months to turn them over to local authorities. Being good British subjects, most people obeyed the law. The few who didn’t were visited by police and threatened with ten-year prison sentences if they didn’t comply. Police later bragged that they’d taken nearly 200,000 handguns from private citizens.

How did the authorities know who had handguns?

The guns had been registered and licensed.

Kind of like cars. Sound familiar?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224398,"The latest New Hampshire poll shows a far more engaged electorate continuing to be a thorn in the side of the 2015/16 GOPe scheme to anoint Jeb Bush. In addition, the ruse candidates, Fiorina and Rubio have exhausted their media-fueled surge and remain static alongside Jeb Bush at 8%.

John Kasich’s ground game and almost exclusive attention to New Hampshire has garnered him a position just above Jeb, Carly and Marco. However, the vulgarians are determined to Make America Great Again!

Gravis Marketing, a nonpartisan research firm, conducted a random survey of 1,035 registered voters in New Hampshire regarding the presidential election and other areas. The poll was conducted October 5-6, 2015. The sample includes 662 Republicans, 373 Democrats, and the remainder not planning on participating in the primary, but are planning to vote in the regular elections. The poll has a margin of error of ± 3.1% [3.8% for Republican Caucus/5.1% for Democratic Caucus]. (link)

Predictions:

There really is a smarter, and far more engaged electorate, behind all the poll numbers this year when compared to previous election cycles. This is profoundly evidenced within the failure of Carly Fiorina and Marco Rubio, despite a massive media, Wall Street, K-Street, Madison Avenue and Park Row push to assist them in attaining higher poll numbers.

Real issues matter, and candidates who are carrying deceptions in their portfolio are being exposed far earlier than any former election. This reality makes it far more difficult for the RNC/GOPe teams to advance their preferred candidate, Jeb Bush. It’s a remarkable change in electoral understanding over the past two years.

As it currently stands, despite all of the RNC scripted rule changes, which were specifically intended to assist Jeb Bush, their current scheme is being eliminated by the continued support for Donald Trump and even Ben Carson.

In order for the RNC/GOPe road map to work, Jeb Bush has to place in the top 3 of each congressional district in the March 1 through March 14 states. He doesn’t need to win, he was never planned to win, but he needs at least a 3rd place finish. The polling which reflects Jeb below the #3 position has been consistent now for several months – this is severe trouble for the GOPe plan.

The GOPe launched Carly toward Trump, she failed. The GOPe then launched Marco Rubio toward Trump, he too failed. The next launch can be seen amid the activity on the media periphery, Super-PAC alignments, and on the Rovian horizon.

If the plan continues along the same predictable series of events, albeit much sooner than the GOPe initially designed, we shall next see the launch of:

Watch for it !

…..It begins soon, perhaps this weekend.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123115,"In an effort to try and piece together a coalition of support, Hillary Clinton and her acolytes in the media have decided to reintroduce the Obama “birtherism” narrative.

The Trump Campaign puts forth the following statement about Clinton’s efforts:

(link)

The cited MSNBC discussion articulating the origin of Birtherism is below:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45334,"It appears the bloom is off the ruse in the fantasy world of Hollywood too. Chicago Jesus rushing to reassure them he does actually plan on trying to win, and convince them they are not wasting their money… *Note: they … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
2498,"Initially I had to wait to debrief on the debate, because unlike all other debates this time I needed to watch it twice, in some segments three times; and look at the expression, the emotion behind the words. Some of … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128398,"In the shell game that is continually played by the White House many people are focusing on Obama’s new Chief of Staff, Jack Lew, regarding his tenure as CEO of Citibank’s hedge fund of credit default swaps. The financial tool … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223804,"There is more than a respectable chance that Debbie the hyphenated might also lose her next election. We can only hope….

WASHINGTON – When Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida was tapped last year to lead the Democratic National Committee, it seemed like the latest ascension for a fast-rising star destined for even higher positions. Some stumbles and an apparent falling out of favor with the White House had changed that calculus. Now it looks like it could be changing again.

Talk is that Wasserman Schultz will not be asked to serve another term at the DNC, regardless of whether she helps President Obama win a second term. Yet the native New Yorker could use that to her advantage, as she reportedly now has her eye on a House leadership post — perhaps even the highest.

If Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California decides to relinquish House Democrats’ top spot after November — a possibility oft-discussed in the cloakroom, hallways, and Capitol subway — the similarly polarizing Wasserman Schultz may make a play for her post.

Leading the DNC has undoubtedly raised Wasserman Schultz’s national profile, but she insists that her focus is on “serving my South Florida constituents and my own reelection, and on helping President Obama and Democrats up and down the ticket get elected in November.”

House members, staffers, and party strategists who discussed Wasserman Schultz and internal party machinations did so on the condition of anonymity. That’s because they publicly must stick to the party message that Democrats have a majority to win back and, in doing so, return the speaker’s gavel to the only woman ever to hold it — Pelosi. (more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
2493,"Tonight Donald Trump is holding a very important rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin at the KI Convention Center. The event is scheduled to begin live streaming soon, with the official event start time scheduled for 6:00pm:

Live Stream Link – Alternate Live Stream #1 – Alternate Live Stream #2

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224284,"|THIS TEXT = TWO INCHES| (or 5cm) and that’s the size of the blood clot removed from the brain of Senator John McCain during a “routine annual physical”.

Whiskey Tango Foxtrot. The removal of the skull is not “minimally invasive” and the procedure to discover a brain clot is not conducted during a “routine annual physical”.

80-year-old Senator John McCain had brain surgery to remove a blood clot the width of your three middle fingers. The incurious media is astounding. Selling a statement that brain surgery is “minimally invasive” and was part of a “routine annual physical” is just silly.

No idea why, but it’s just sketchy…

Suspicious cat remains suspicious.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125998,"Here is my best non-physician explanation, that reconciles the conflicting reports. Hugo Chavez appears to have spinal metastases of the cancer. This is the VERY end stage, like “very”, as in essentially immediate death without mechanical intervention to prolong life.

The base of the brain (top of the spine) is where the respiratory functions are located. With cancer in the spine there is no way to reverse the effect, and rapid tumor growth occurs. Breathing ceases.

Using a mechanical respirator prolongs the physical life, but it is a place from no return. In essence he is dead, but heart function continues with blood flow supported by breathing from mechanical means. So reports of his death are semi-accurate and simultaneously the reports of him being comatose are also accurate. Why prolong his physical death? (see below).

(summary) He is Clinically Dead , and will not be officially announced till after the 10th because in Venezuela’s constitution it requires an election in the event the elected official is not able to be inaugurated in Jan 10th.

Sorry for weak translation but the original article is in Spanish (link)

VENEZULA – Hugo Chavez entered in recent days in an induced coma , with very weak vital signs, maintained through the artificial[..]instance procured the Havana hospital where he was admitted. Sources consulted by ABC said Monday that it had scheduled a next power of artificial support extending the life of the Venezuelan president . That disconnect, with results expected to die, could occur at any time.

Venezuelan officials say Chavez is still alive, although they seem to be preparing the country for the news of the [rip] of the Bolivarian leader. His son and Minister of Science and Technology, Jorge Arreaza , said Chavez had reached the end of the year “calm and stable”. Meanwhile, Venezuelan Vice President, Nicolas Maduro , said Sunday that his

situation was “delicate”.

For several days, the health of Chavez is considered critical, with its vital functions artificially [..] listed following the operation he underwent on December 11 due to advanced cancer suffering and postoperative complications provadas by infection.

With constant fever, loss of consciousness and the antibóticos unanswered, Chavez came to the end of the year in intensive care, without eating anything solid since undergoing surgery three weeks ago, with “anus against nature” and due to intravenous feeding extraction of about half a meter of intestine , according to intelligence sources with access to your medical team.

Also their respiratory functions were artificially [..] listed after tracheotomy which was submitted by an infection that led to the retention of fluid in the lungs. That picture is

completed with renal insufficiency.

In the operation conducted on 11 to remove the four crops of pelvis and bowel cancer, Venezuelan President were extracted 43.4 inches of small intestine. A biopsy conducted during surgery also detected cancer cells in the inner walls of the intestine and the bladder.

The operation, performed by a medical team arrived in Russia specifically, with the […] insistence of Cuban doctors also found that bone metastases and spinal cord was progressing steadily. Normally this would have probably required an upcoming bone marrow transplant, but his condition deteriorated and so has not allowed more performances. (you can translate better here)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125230,"I’m no O’Reilly fan, not even close. On an individual level he comes across as pompous and pontificating; I have no idea if he is actually this way off the air, perhaps not. But his arrogant approach often leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth.

However, that said, in the cause of pushing back against the race-baiting industrial grievance industry, who love to divide our nation, he’s right on the money; Dead center mass; Exactly on target.

Bill O’Reilly absolutely pummels Al Sharpton with the TRUTH.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121344,"Two years ago CTH began discussing the ramifications to a new emphasis on the economy outlined as a possibility of candidate Donald Trump’s economic policy outlook. Within the overall discussion we walked through the anticipated changes possible if A.) Trump won the election, and B.) Trump began instituting Main Street economic policy ahead of Wall Street policy (the past 20+ years).

We discussed the new dimension that would occur between two economic engines (Main Street -vs- Wall Street) as three decades of federal policy shifted. CTH outlined anticipated economic activity in the space between the two dynamics.

Part of those discussions focused on energy costs (we see them lowering), product costs (we explained how inflation would be weird), and importantly, wage rates. It takes several months of policy emphasis, actual outcomes, before the labor market wage rates would grow. We anticipated seeing that impact in Q1 of Fiscal Year 2018, which is October 1st 2017.

Today the Job Opening and Labor Turnover Survey, “JOLTS report”, begins to show the initial stages of that wage rate increasing trend. The job market has tightened,… considerably. *Note* We are ending fiscal year Q4 (July, Aug, Sept.) and the trend within MAGAnomics is responding according to predictions. For those of us who argued these policy theories for the past two decades, these results are really cool.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. job openings jumped to a record high in June, outpacing hiring, the latest indication that companies are having trouble finding qualified workers. The monthly Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey, or JOLTS, released by the Labor Department on Tuesday also underscored labor market strength that will likely encourage the Federal Reserve to continue tightening monetary policy despite benign inflation and concerns about consumer spending. “Companies are running out of workers to hire to do the job or even train to do the work, and this is a ticking time bomb for economic growth,” said Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG in New York. “Today’s JOLTS data bring a September meeting balance sheet unwind announcement a little closer to reality.” (read more)

Another discussion via Bloomberg is here. What’s predictably fun to watch is how leading economists and national economic influence agents continue to be perplexed as we flow through the space between these two economic engines. Deep inside this new dimension, which will last for approximately 24 months, the control agents within the Fed cannot figure out why inflation remains low, yet the economy is heating up.

They really don’t get it.

They don’t get it because they have no reference points.

The economic models of the entire last generation+ are based on the assumptions of continuing globalist economics which advances, and has advanced, the interest of Wall Street over Main Street.

The investing class economy has been the only source of historic reference for approximately three decades. These talking heads convinced themselves that a “service driven economy” was the ONLY economy ever possible for the U.S. in the future.

Back in January 2017 Deutsche Bank began thinking about it and trying to walk out the potential ramifications. They began talking about Trump doubling the U.S. GDP growth rate when all U.S. investment groups couldn’t yet fathom the possibility.

It’s like waking up on Christmas morning every day to see the pontificating Fed struggling to quantify analysis of their surrounding reality based on flawed assumptions. They simply have no understanding of what happens within the new dimension.

Monetary policy, Fed control over the economy, is disconnected and will stay that way for the next 24 months (approx), until Main Street regains full operational strength –and– economic parity is achieved.

As we have continued to share, CTH believes the paycheck-to-paycheck working middle-class are going to see a considerable rise in wages and standard of living.

Forget minimum wage laws, they are inconsequential conversations when measured against the reality of impact in how quickly wages rise in a free, fair, unregulated and growing economy.

Seriously, with full measure of optimism and appreciation – these are exceptional times.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124678,"I have no idea how much credibility to put to this “rumor” per se’. But you never know, with this administration it would NOT surprise me…. or it could be a “trial balloon”. (Israel Matzav) There have been rumors that … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133207,Somewhere Moonbat Sean Penn is sobbing with dramatic tears….. VENEZUELA – “I want to get out of here. I want to leave this country as soon as possible and never come back.” The text from my friend Luis surprised me. … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
130693,"A report on the substance and tone of the conversation between President Obama and Benjamin Netanyahu surfaces. Against the statements today by White House Spokesperson, Josh Earnest, the report outlining the conversation appears accurate.

There is no doubt President Obama is angry Netanyahu not only won his election, but won re-election with a considerable margin.

President Obama, John Kerry, and the rest of the anti-Isreal ideologues in the administration had leveraged considerable effort toward Netanyahu’s defeat. They are all now visibly gnashing their teeth and making threats.

To understand the current threats now made by Obama -toward Israel via the U.N- everyone must remember the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power (wife of Cass Sunstein) has spent her professional career both as an academic, and as a governmental policy advisor, advocating the position that Israel “is an occupying force”.

U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power has formerly (and publicly) advocated the proposition the U.N. could be leveraged against Israel as an occupying force, and U.N. Blue Helmets (including U.S. boots on the ground) could be utilized to force Israel to accept international rules on borders drawn by the U.N body.

This has been her consistent message to President Obama since her time as White House “foreign policy advisor”.

So when you see President Obama threatening to change position on Israel’s interests, through the U.N, he is essentially expressing to Netanyahu a willingness to allow Samantha Power’s ideas to be pushed. This is the backdrop for yesterday’s phone call.

The possible ramifications to allowing Power’s free reign on U.S. Israeli policy through the U.N are:

#1) The U.S. may refrain from vetoing resolutions against Israel relating to settlement building and Palestinian statehood.

#2) The U.S. might engage in drafting and/or supporting resolutions setting out the parameters for a Palestinian state, based on the 1967 borders and with a divided Jerusalem.

#3) The U.S. might even support sanctions against Israel for failure to comply with such resolutions.

If Samantha Power was allowed to go ‘all-in’, and if you accept her prior positions as actual goals, she would add #4: Put U.N. Troops on the ground to enforce #2 and #3 and make Israel comply with borders drawn by the United Nations.

As the Times of Israel points out in their article quoting sources close to the phone call between Netanyahu and Obama:

[…] During the 30-minute conversation, described as “difficult” by Channel 2, Obama made clear to the prime minister that the US was reconsidering its support for Israel at the UN as well as its approach to Israeli-Palestinian peace in light of Netanyahu’s pre-election comments rejecting the establishment of a Palestinian state. (link)

The mantra of Netanyahu “changing positions” on the two-state solution is an argument of semantics. Netanyahu has always said a two-state solution would require a “demilitarized Palestinian state”. Absent of weapons being stopped from entering GAZA and/or the West Bank, it would be impossible for security of Israel to co-exist with a two-state solution.

This is not a change in position, this is the same position Netanyahu has held throughout discussions. This is not a flip-flop. If the PA is allowed weapons, Israel will not commit to a two state solution. If the PA is not allowed weapons, a two-state solution is possible.

However, President Obama, having lost the fight to unseat Netanyahu, is now playing the politically “wounded Indian routine”.

Obama is accusing Netanyahu of a policy shift -which doesn’t exist- to try and regain political support for his own anti-Israel ideology which has existed throughout his tenure.

The Times Article of the Obama/Netanyahu conversation is HERE.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45456,"Belmont Stakes will take place today at 6:52pm

California Chrome will attempt to become racing’s 12th Triple Crown winner and first since Affirmed in 1978. He won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Sweepstakes, now viewers will see if he has the stamina to go the mile-and-a-half distance at Belmont. This will be Art Sherman’s first Belmont starter, while jockey Espinoza (0-for-3 in the race) failed in his 2002 Triple Crown bid with War Emblem. (full line-up here)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45285,"HatTip for Research Assistance to “S” – The picture of President Obama, Vice-President Biden, Chief of Staff Jack Lew, National Security Advisor(s) Denis McDonough and Tom Donilon, has drawn quite a bit of attention. Not from the main stream media – but from independent-minded research bloggers and seekers of truth.

The backstory that began the research is HERE, and the ultimate unraveling of the riddle behind what was actually taking place is HERE. But the issues that surround the team pictured are larger and even more consequential.

First, as you consider Denis McDonough, and his role in the Benghazi events, it is worth noting this little before seen short video from 2006 while George Bush was in office. The Democrats had just won the majority seats in the House of Representatives, and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were being used 24/7 by the politicos to demonize Bush.

This is Denis McDonough when he was working for the Center for American Progress in 2006:

It is worth bookmarking that video to share with any progressive who would challenge congressional oversight of national security with specifics of Benghazi. Indeed, the key player himself states openly only 6 years earlier that Congress has a duty to investigate.

WE GO DEEPER – Now for a little on the backstory of Denis McDonough let’s go back to 2008 and review the information as it was coming out then:

From 2008 – If liberals had any hopes of being able to make the same claims in the near future, they knew they needed to be more like conservatives. Wealthy Democrats wanted to have ideological rabble rousers like Rush Limbaugh and activist breeding grounds like the College Republicans to create a new generation of shock troops. But most of all, to have a real shot at regaining control of Washington, they wanted to plot an intellectual coup, spearheaded by an aggressive idea factory like the Heritage Foundation. (See pictures from the historic Election Day.)

Five years later, they have that, and a lot more, in the Center for American Progress (CAP), the most influential independent organization in Obama’s nascent Washington. CAP was the brainchild of former Clinton White House chief of staff John Podesta, who dutifully worked wealthy dinner parties with a simple idea: He would create a new organization, a “think tank on steroids,” to help progressive ideas regain power. Tom Daschle, once the top Democrat in the Senate, got on board, calling it an “action tank.” Sarah Wartell, who would become Podesta’s deputy, had a more homely description: “Not your grandmother’s think tank.”

And not since the Heritage Foundation helped guide Ronald Reagan’s transition in 1981 has a single outside group held so much sway. Just as candidate Obama depended on CAP during the campaign for opposition research and talking points, President-elect Obama has effectively contracted out the management of his own government’s formation to Podesta. “The Podesta group was formed to bring Democrats back into the presidency, that was its purpose of being,” says Stephen Hess, an expert on presidential transitions at the Brookings Institution, a much more traditional think tank. (link)

Denis McDonough was Tom Dashle’s aide at CAP 1996-1999. We have outlined a particular unusual ineptitude in the advisors around President Obama, but Denis McDonough takes the ideological cake:

From 2010 – He [McDonough] worked as a House international relations committee staffer from 1996 through 1999, after which he moved to Daschle’s office. At the Center for American Progress he researched health care policy.

At CAP McDonough researched Healthcare Policy? Now he is titled a key “National Security Advisor”? Odd no. But yet, what was the first ideological task when President Obama took office in 2009? Yep, Obamacare….. Let’s read on.

WhoRunsGov also links to two 2006 articles by McDonough, one published by Henry L. Stimson Center, “Short Term Focus on Long Term Challenges: The Administration,Congress and Iraq” (PDF) and the other published by the Center for American Progress, “No Mere Oversight: Congress Oversight of Intelligence Is Broken” (PDF).

As the reader pares the fat and gristle away from the McDonough profile, all that remains is an attractive skeleton whose primary skill is his perfect loyalty to his boss. (link)

Beyond McDonough you have this left leaning Washington Post article from last December revealing the possibilities that appear quite accurately now coming to play:

DECEMBER 2012 – Deputy chief of staff Pete Rouse — who used to be Daschle’s chief of staff in the Senate and became Obama’s chief of staff after Daschle lost in 2004, has let it be known that he is interested in leaving — though he has said that before.

Speaking of the chief of staff, with incumbent Jack Lew said to be departing, perhaps to Treasury, [*snip – now confirmed] deputy secretary of state Tom Nides and former Biden chief of staff Ron Klain are obvious possibilities to replace him.

But there’s increasing talk that deputy national security adviser Denis McDonough is a strong contender to move into the lovely corner office down the hall from the Oval, which comes with a working fireplace, the beautiful Don Regan memorial outdoor patio and a bottle of painkillers. (link)

Jack Lew has indeed been tasked to replace Tim Geithner as Treasury Secretary and note who is amid the names of replacement for him (as Obama’s Chief of Staff) along with Denis McDonough, “TOM NIDES“.

You might remember when Hillary could not make the Senate Benghazi hearings because of her stomach flu, exhaustion, slip and fall, concussion, blot clot, someone was sent in her stead. That someone was Tom Nides. Hmmm?

Deputy Secretaries of State Bill Burns and Tom Nides will

testify in her place. (link)

Prior to the Benghazi Slaughter/Terror attack, actually EXACTLY a week before, the following release was from the State Dept.

SEPTEMBER 7, 2012 – Following on the recent U.S. Government meetings on economic assistance to Cairo, on September 8 Deputy Secretary of State Thomas Nides will join the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and more than 100 U.S. company executives as part of a delegation to promote private sector development in Egypt. This trip will focus on the second part of the two pronged economic diplomacy approach described by Secretary Clinton during her visit to Egypt in July and it will identify new business opportunities and partnerships for U.S. companies, express U.S. business confidence in Egypt, and demonstrate a commitment to Egypt’s long-term economic development. (link)

The crossroads from National Security and Foreign Policy create multiple levels of entangled association. From January 7th of this year:

JANUARY 2013 – Insiders call President Barack Obama’s trio of closest foreign policy and security advisers, “the Holy Trinity”, and no one has ever doubted who plays the role of Holy Ghost: counterterrorism czar John Brennan. Where National Security Advisor Tom Donilon and his deputy, Denis McDonough, occupy traditional White House roles, Brennan has been Obama’s man in the shadows, as my colleague Michael Crowley detailed in his excellent article on Brennan. (link)

John Brennan has now been tapped to replace General Petraeus at the CIA.

Now, let’s tack away from National Security and toward Domestic Policy. Consider where Jack Lew is being placed, The Treasury Dept. Why is that aspect important? Well, two reasons: No Budget and The Debt Ceiling – consider this outline from a year ago:

JANUARY 2012 – Lew, who replaces William M. Daley, steps into the role after a year of fierce partisan battles that saw Obama’s policy goals largely stalled in Congress. More and more, the president relied on executive orders to enact small pieces of his economic, education and housing proposals.

Lew is skilled in such practices. For two different presidents, Bill Clinton and Obama, he has headed the Office of Management and Budget, whose mission includes putting in place rules and regulations that don’t require congressional approval.

As Obama’s fourth chief of staff, he’ll be positioned to carry out the White House’s pivot away from engagement with Congress in favor of unilateral action. The approach jibes with a reelection strategy that includes running against a deeply unpopular Congress. (link)

More will follow later……

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
130147,"For many reasons this is one of my favorite videos from the past year 2011. First, it is a visible representation of pure joy and freedom. An island of freedom within a geographic area increasingly becoming Theocratically Fascist. Secondly, it is the exact anthesis of what is going on all around them. Enjoy….

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222907,"BGI and Radical Leftists Get Victory Over Darren Wilson

SAINT LOUIS – Supporters of Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson, who sparked weeks of unrest after he shot and killed unarmed teen Michael Brown, have raised so much money to support him that they had to open a second online fundraiser.

On the fundraising website GoFundMe, supporters needed just seventeen days to raise more than $$420,000 for the officer, portrayed as either a hero or a monster in many of the reports and conversations around the country about Ferguson.

But a national nonprofit dedicated to strengthening the voice of black America is calling out the popular fundraising site for profiting off Wilson’s fundraisers, saying the site is financially exploiting racial intolerance and murder.

Color of Change, founded after Hurricane Katrina to empower black people, has launched a petition demanding that GoFundMe return the profits it has made from campaigns for Wilson. The fundraising site automatically charges 7.9 percent and 30 cents per donation in the U.S. and Canada.

“GoFundMe should return any money it has made from Darren Wilson fundraising pages, and take them down immediately,” the petition says. “Profiting off the killing of Michael Brown is not okay. Profiting off of racially-motivated donors is not okay.”

Color of Change says it has 83,000 signatures so far and is aiming for 100,000.

On the petition, Color of Change says GoFundMe will be violating its own terms of service through the “financial exploitation of a crime” if Wilson is charged in relation to Brown’s shooting.

Color of Change has had success with its petitions before. In January 2013, Oxygen Media opted not to air the reality show All My Babies’ Mamas about the life of rapper Shawty Lo and the ten women who have birthed his eleven children after 45,000 people signed a Color of Change petition against the show. (read more)

We don’t know any specific details, and the ‘Support Darren Wilson’ community is horrible with messaging or crisis communications, but essentially what’s known is the GoFundMe organization has shut down fundraising for Officer Darren Wilson.

It appears the Mike Brown side, supported by radical left-wing groups and the professional Black Grievance Industry, have mounted a legal assault onto Darren Wilson.

The Facebook support page for Darren Wilson is doing a horrible job explaining what’s being encountered. Perhaps the aforementioned groups have been successful with gag orders, or perhaps the people in charge of Wilson’s support just are terrible with communication; regardless something is amiss.

The Support Darren Wilson page does note they have their own attorneys involved and are attempting legal pushback. On the positive side they were able to raise over $$400k prior to the beginning of the legal battle.

Facebook Page HERE (But details are sketchy at best – they appear scared to talk)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33413,"Gee, our international contingent is so professional. These guys just bring a proud tear to your eye, no? …… and I’m not talking about the Secret Service.

(NEW YORK POST) — A Secret Service agent shamed the United States after a wild night of babes and booze that ended in an argument with a Colombian hooker over as little as $47.

One of 11 elite agents assigned to ensure President Obama’s protection at a summit meeting in Cartagena, Colombia, was busted after his lady of the evening refused to leave his hotel room in the morning without her fee.

That woman was one of 11 hookers hired by the agents — and the only one who hadn’t left Cartagena’s swank Hotel Caribe, where White House staffers, members of the press and dignitaries are staying during the Summit of the Americas meeting, sources said.

President Obama’s Secret Service team was reeling from a prostitution scandal.

The confrontation occurred early last week, said Rep. Pete King, a Long Island Republican who was briefed on the incident yesterday.

One of the agents sent home after agency bosses in DC learned what was going on was “in a supervisory role,” said King, chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee.

A hotel employee told The Associated Press that agents arrived at the beachfront hotel a week ago and drank heavily during their stay.

Prostitution is legal in much of Colombia inside “tolerance zones” controlled by police. The going rate for hookers in Cartagena is around $47, according to Colombian TV. (more)

Doesn’t their behavior make you proud?

four more beers,… four more beers,…. four more beers….",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33335,"Gee, how did we know this was coming. But then again, what does that say about the gang banger in Chicago, Philadelphia, East St. Louis, who are committing genocide?

Gun ownership, Moore said, “cuts down to the heart of our race problem that we still haven’t resolved.”

“I think we’re a very frightened people,” Moore said. “I think we’ve been frightened ever since we landed on these shores. We were frightened of the native people.; we were frightened of the slaves we brought over, as we should have been. And those in power have known how to manipulate us with fear.

And we’ve started wars over being told lies about, you know — whether it was in the Spanish-American War, the Mexican-American War. You can go through so many of these wars we’ve been in throughout history — right up through the Iraq War — where we’re just lied to because those in power knew if they just put enough fear out there. And the best kind of fear is the one that has the kernel of truth, so you have 9/11 happened — that’s a real incident, nearly 3,000 people lose their lives. Very easy at that point to use that fact in a way to tell a fiction.”

But according to Moore, it’s that fear that causes Americans want to own gun, which he tied to race by explaining high levels of citizen gun ownership exist “in suburbs and rural areas.” (related article)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
44915,"Yesterday Fox News poll (by Daron Shaw) showed Hillary Clinton crushing Donald Trump by 10 points (49/39) nationally. Today NBC/WSJ (Mark Murray) delivers a national poll showing Hillary Clinton destroying Donald Trump by 9 points, (47/38). The trifecta of confidence is capped with McClatchy-Marist delivering a poll with Clinton wiping out Trump by 15 points (48/33).

Accompanying pollster words include: “Stunning”, “Historic”, “Insurmountable”, “Magnificent”, “Incredible”, “Overwhelming”, “Unbeatable”… and more.

National Media Polls now show Secretary Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by 10 to 15 points. And right on cue, the CNN punditry (Erin Burnett) begin tonight by saying:

…”with a national lead this large is there really any reason to have the election?”

Gee, who could have guessed?

As Hillary begins measuring the drapes in the oval office, the super-confident Clinton Campaign now stops running ads in Colorado and Virginia. It’s August, but the race according to the water-carrying media is over.

Over.

OVER.

Why waste taxpayer money on all those pesky polling locations when the entire nation now agrees there’s no way anyone other than Hillary Clinton will be victorious.

Simultaneous to this “surprise” post-convention cluster of glorious Clinton polling, the New York Times advances the Alinsky ball with a video series intended to define Donald Trump supporters and present them as unhinged rage-filled bigots.

Isolate – Ridicule – Marginalize.

Gee, where have we noticed that approach before? It’s almost enough to make a person think that corporate media types, Wall Street corporate types, would be in some form of collusion with political parties.

Nah, that never happens right?

Exhausted from campaign events where she is consistently hounded by by dozens of supporters, Hillary might just need to take a vacation.

There’s really nothing to do until football season starts and there’s a debate on the calendar, and do we really need debates at this point? I mean a two person debate will be so boring, what with Hillary being so magnanimously intelligent, and the vulgarian Trump being so, well, less than that.

Wait,… huh… what’s that? Oh yeah, don’t worry – the media pollsters will be sure to get Gary and/or Jill up over the hump of the 15% poll support threshold to get that multi-podium optic fired back up again.

Oh, to think…. oh wait… yeah,…

If, if, if, if, if…. If we call Mark Murray, and Daron Shaw, say, um, end of August, and they can get Gary Johnson to 16% (ish), we can then have three podiums on the stage.

Trump on one side, Gary on the other – and the anointed Hillary in the middle position. Oh, won’t those optics just be delicious. The female in the middle. Can you imagine it…. can’t you just see it… oh, oh, oh, it’s gotta happen now.

Bets anyone? No more rice cakes – this time is cash only !!

Meanwhile, for some odd reason, tens of thousands of people keep showing up to these Donald Trump rallies and Town Halls. I mean like, really, what are these people thinking?

Good grief, this was just today in Maine:

Apparently all these people didn’t get the media memo that the race is over.

Go figure !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123789,"As the jury deliberates, there’s a few things which can now be said. I doubt it would ever be quite possible to explain, fully, the delicate balancing we have held regarding our research in all of the aspects of the … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222751,"ATLANTA (AP) — The first person infected with Ebola to be brought to the United States from Africa was safely escorted into a specialized isolation unit Saturday at one of the nation’s best hospitals, where doctors said they are confident the deadly virus won’t escape.

Fear that the outbreak killing more than 700 people in Africa could spread in the U.S. has generated considerable anxiety among some Americans. But infectious disease experts said the public faces little risk as Emory University Hospital treats the critically ill missionary doctor and his assistant, who is expected to arrive from Liberia in several days.

The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has received “nasty emails” and at least 100 calls from people saying “How dare you bring Ebola into the country!?” CDC Director Tom Friedman told The Associated Press Saturday.

“I hope that our understandable fear of the unfamiliar does not trump our compassion when ill Americans return to the U.S. for care,” Frieden said.

Dr. Kent Brantly and his assistant Nancy Writebol will be treated in Emory’s isolation unit for infectious diseases, created 12 years ago handle doctors who get sick at the CDC. It is one of about four in the country equipped with everything necessary to test and treat people exposed to very dangerous viruses.

In 2005, it handled patients with SARS, which unlike Ebola can spread like the flu when an infected person coughs or sneezes.

In fact, the nature of Ebola — which is spread by close contact with bodily fluids and blood — means that any modern hospital using standard, rigorous, infection-control measures should be able to handle it.

Still, Emory won’t be taking any chances. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223235,"Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has suspended his presidential bid:

""Today I step aside knowing as long as we fight for the cause of conservatism, our nation is in good hands."" – @GovernorPerry — Rick Perry (@GovernorPerry) September 11, 2015

.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2015

It is impossible not to notice a coordinated GOPe strategy even amid the predictable exit of GOPe splitter Rick Perry from the race. Perry’s primary value was essentially most noteworthy in South Carolina and his home state of Texas.

As soon as the overall race took shape, and Texas polling was released, and the lack of Perry support evident, it became obvious Team Jeb would have to rely on the natural affinity of Texans to support Ted Cruz in order to blunt the previously unpredicted (and profoundly un-mapped) Trump threat.

The announcement by Team Jindal on Wednesday for an early morning press conference on Thursday, portended indications that Governor Bobby Jindal was going to attack Donald Trump. He did.

.@GovernorPerry is a great friend, and has the best record of any Governor anywhere, anytime. — Gov. Bobby Jindal (@BobbyJindal) September 11, 2015

.@realDonaldTrump Attacked him one day. Praised him today. Sounding like a typical politician. Rick is a better man than you'll ever be. — Gov. Bobby Jindal (@BobbyJindal) September 11, 2015

However, Jindal’s approach was/is so over-the-top he essentially disqualified his own worthiness as an Alinsky provocateur in the urgent GOPe endeavor. The road-map would suggest that either Bobby Jindal or Lindsey Graham will be the most likely to drop out next.

Rick Perry’s EXIT SPEECH was fraught with advancing the anti-Trump narrative. Perry spoke about the value of illegal aliens and the need to be tolerant while decrying the approach of Donald Trump. The inherent messaging of both Jindal and Perry coordinated to sell an ongoing, albeit increasingly urgent, meme – Trump must be stopped.

The GOPe party and media angle continues to be pushing Ben Carson as the best hope to crack the Trump Coalition, while using Carly Fiorina to use the sexism angle. Toward that effort the day continues:

'You Loser! You Jerk!': McCain Mocks Trump on Hugh Hewitt Show http://t.co/FayFlLGD31 (AUDIO) pic.twitter.com/6cPugZW28r — Mediaite (@Mediaite) September 11, 2015

In attacking Ben Carson, Donald Trump reveals his ignorance that greatness cannot be attained through pride. http://t.co/fT5k1UlPEc — The Federalist (@FDRLST) September 11, 2015

Meanwhile on the other side of the Wall Street coin….

…..Things are playing out just as designed !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225169,"A report from Fox News implies President-Elect Donald Trump is considering Texas Senator Ted Cruz for the position of Attorney General. –STORY HERE–

There’s a great deal of political irony in this possibility. Most of you know our research indicated the entire reason Ted Cruz ran for the Senate in 2011 was because he was rebuked by the Bush clan as inexperienced, over-reaching and thinking too highly of himself, when he wanted to be considered for the AG position by George Dubya.

Ted Cruz has always had his eye on the Attorney General position.

Specifically because of his history, it would NOT be surprising to find out that it was Ted Cruz himself, not Donald Trump, who requested the meeting and asked for the job.

Additionally, it would NOT be surprising to discover that this MSM story line is Ted Cruz leaking to the press (through a third party) to keep his name in the bloodstream, and keep his hopes alive.

Specifically because of the intended path that President Trump intends to pursue, the U.S Attorney General position is critical. The Attorney General, Homeland Security, and Secretary of State positions are some of the most important people for Trump’s swamp draining policy to begin.

If President-Elect Donald Trump made a decision to trust Ted Cruz in the role of Attorney General it would be quite remarkable,…. too much so, to give this story much credibility.

Then again, no-one knows these sketchy characters better than Trump himself.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223430,"Two pictures that bring a smile. The first picture is what Truth does within a discussion of witnesses. When a witness is presented, and the accused has no ulterior motive, no ill intent, and is not constitutionally guilty of what he stands accused of; he has the capacity to talk to the truth of people as they present themselves.

This is what it looks like when you are confronting false witness.

The second great picture is the O’Mara expression all those who would bear false witness should see. This is the deliberate look of comfortable in confrontation. When you understand what exactly “FALSE WITNESS” means -in its purest original form- then you understand there’s no other confrontation method that works. Period.

People skewer me for critiquing Mark O’Mara around the absence of this level of consistent internalization of false witness – AND the externalization fight that works when you are confronting this type of enemy.

Please understand, in my opinion, Mark O’Mara has never confronted false witness before. He has confronted untruthful people, he has confronted people comfortable with misleading self presentation – but he has NOT confronted people who bear false witness. In the historical biblical, and modern sociological, sense of the term.

People who bear false witness deserve SMITE. Nothing less. SMITE.

If you are not willing to smite, with extreme prejudice, you cannot confront false witness – because those who carry it will use your unwillingness to smite against you to their advantage. To that mind, any crack of weakness is an opportunity to avoid consequence.

FYI – Heads up for the Treehouse articles which you have helped create over the last 16+ months to be redistributed in the more main-stream media. As some media types are doing research they are finding their way here to our previous historical fact finding, research and presentation. We have had some requests for use and publication. All requests have been granted. Remember, we hold no proprietary ownership of the truth – it is not dependent on us.

Anything we research, write, share or post is free for the taking. With or without citation, doesn’t matter so long as the integrity of the truth quest is maintained. My gift to all site visitors on behalf of this cherished community is unlimited use of our research in sharing the truth. Period. Easy enough?

Awesome job admin team. The incoming visitors (new guests) who are reading the site are well in excess of 5,000 people per hour. With hundreds of new commentators, and a significant number of trolls and haters the admin team have snared and intercepted, I am seriously humbled by such efforts. Stella, Sharon, Menagerie, WeeWeed, ytz4Me and Patriot Dreamer were exemplary over the past 48 hours, and they continue to be. Its astonishing to witness their level of effectiveness. I am in awe. You Treepers who have been around a while feel free to keep a close eye out for trollish types. Despite our best efforts sometimes we are left taking guesses.

6,000+ Zimmerman thread comments on Monday and Tuesday 😀 Holy Cats 😀

As you know we are trying to keep the comment count per thread around 500-600 per. That way our Treeper buds who are using mobile platforms don’t have scripting issues on their phones or i-pads which can get twitchy when the threads are so massive and long. Yesterday that means 5 trial threads. We’ll try to keep it spaced out – but if we FUBAR please know it ain’t from lack of effort. Generally it looks like Trial threads will post around this type of schedule: 1:30am, 11:00am, 2:30pm, 4:00pm, 6:00pm (3pm is the peak hour with around 12,000 +/- same time data users, commentators)

Lastly and more importantly, is there anything we can do to make things better? If so please drop your tips and suggestions in the comments. The Tree House is a little better, or not quite as good, because of you.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124692,SUNLIGHT IS THE BEST DISINFECTANT The man who jumped the security perimeter (BACKSTORY HERE and HERE) and tried to attack Donald Trump on stage yesterday was interviewed by CNN via Martin Savage. The interview provides yet another example of how far … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122947,"He claimed he supported, and was a member of ISIS. Nothing to see here folks,…. move along,.. move along, look shiny things over there.

The police officers being shot in Ferguson are unrelated to the anarchy and protests. The Muslims chopping off heads is not related to Islam. Water is dry. Swear…

Oklahoma – In a bizarre coincidence, a fired Oklahoma City nursing home employee was arrested Friday after a co-worker reported he threatened to cut her head off.

Jacob Mugambi Muriithi, 30, is being held in the Oklahoma County jail on a terrorism complaint. His bail is set at $$1 million.

“We take these threats very seriously,” Oklahoma County District Attorney David Prater said.

The arrest came on the same day police in Moore revealed fired Vaughan Foods worker Alton Alexander Nolen beheaded a co-worker after he was fired Thursday. Nolen is a Muslim convert.

Muriithi was identified as a native of Kenya who is living in Oklahoma City. He worked at Bellevue Nursing Home in northwest Oklahoma City, police reported.

The co-worker reported Muriithi threatened her while they were both working at the nursing home Sept. 19, a police detective wrote in an arrest warrant affidavit.

The woman was not identified.

She said Muriithi identified himself as a Muslim and said he “represented ISIS and that ISIS kills Christians,” the detective told a judge in the affidavit. The two had not worked together before.

ISIS is a reference to Islamic State militants responsible for highly publicized beheadings in the Middle East. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129097,"I stumbled across a link to this website at iOwnTheWorld. The y are the Voluntary Human Extinction Movement, and their motto is “May we live long and die out.”

Phasing out the human race by voluntarily ceasing to breed will allow Earth’s biosphere to return to good health. Crowded conditions and resource shortages will improve as we become less dense.

I guess I am dense. Why does it matter if the Earth’s biosphere returns to good health (assuming it is “sick”) if we die out? Oh, is it just for the animals? What if those little frogs in Texas, without us here to hinder them, breed uncontrollably and get power hungry? What if they kick all the salamanders and lizards and snakes out, and then they go after the armadillos and then what? Do you suppose there might be selfless little froggies who go out and recruit the more noble frogs to practice safe sex? But then, maybe the salamanders might seize the opportunity to climb to the top of the biospheric pyramid, and here we go again. So anyhow, here’s a little of their philosophy and ideas. There is lots more on the actual site. Follow the link for a trip down the rabbit hole.

VHEMT (pronounced vehement) is a movement not an organization. It’s a movement advanced by people who care about life on planet Earth. We’re not just a bunch of misanthropes and anti-social, Malthusian misfits, taking morbid delight whenever disaster strikes humans. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Voluntary human extinction is the humanitarian alternative to human disasters.

We don’t carry on about how the human race has shown itself to be a greedy, amoral parasite on the once-healthy face of this planet. That type of negativity offers no solution to the inexorable horrors which human activity is causing.

Rather, The Movement presents an encouraging alternative to the callous exploitation and wholesale destruction of Earth’s ecology.

As VHEMT Volunteers know, the hopeful alternative to the extinction of millions of species of plants and animals is the voluntary extinction of one species: Homo sapiens… us.

Each time another one of us decides to not add another one of us to the burgeoning billions already squatting on this ravaged planet, another ray of hope shines through the gloom.

When every human chooses to stop breeding, Earth’s biosphere will be allowed to return to its former glory, and all remaining creatures will be free to live, die, evolve (if they believe in evolution), and will perhaps pass away, as so many of Nature’s “experiments” have done throughout the eons.

It’s going to take all of us going.

Allow me to leave you with their prestigious awards. I am going to go out on a limb and say I don’t see us Treepers getting any of these awards.

Prestigious Awards for Reproductive Responsibility

This handsome trophy is awarded to those outstanding citizens who acknowledge 6+ billion humans on Earth is more than enough, and who put their money where their gonads are.



The Silver Snip Award

Anyone, including biological parents, who has chosen permanent, surgical contraception (vasectomy, tubal ligation, hysterectomy, etc.), may download this animated gif. Please include a link to this page when proudly displaying the Silver Snip Award on your website.



The Golden Snip Award

This award is reserved exclusively for those brave pioneers who have never never reproduced, and never will. The Golden Snip Award honors childfree individuals who have chosen permanent, surgical contraception (vasectomy, tubal ligation, hysterectomy, etc.), in order to not create more Homo sapiens. Adoptive parents who have never conceived, and who do not support the fertility industry (surrogate mothers, egg donors, IVF, sperm banks) may also download this animated gif. Please include a link to this page when proudly displaying the Golden Snip Award on your website.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45552,"Great Preference Given To Dishes Featuring Bacon and Jack, Super Foods!

It’s that time of year again! Pull up a log and sit a spell. We have snacks and drinks, a warm, toasty fire and fine friends gathered round. Next week we will celebrate our wonderful American holiday, Thanksgiving. I know that it is a great favorite for almost all of us, and perhaps your family, like mine, has the best feast of the year on that day. Our family has four generations come together, sometimes forty or fifty people. We have been doing this for years, and we never even discuss the menu any more, haven’t for probably twenty years or more. We each bring two or three dishes that we do best, and it is the best meal of the year. We even have the specialties of loved ones long gone, recipes saved and lovingly prepared by granddaughters and even great granddaughters.

However, it makes a holiday special, that wonderful combination of old and new. In honor of that, here’s my new find for you guys. I cant wait to try it myself.

From Oasis in a Gastronomic Wasteland Blogspot I bring you Uncle Jack’s Whiskey Brined Turkey.

Uncle Jack’s Whiskey Brined Turkey

BY: Samuel Parks

(November 2011)

After 5 years of trial, error, and a lot of tryptophan, I have finally perfected my recipe! Thanks to all of my friends and family who have been “willing” volunteers. This recipe may take some prep work, but believe me it’s totally worth it.

INGREDIENTS

Brine

· 1 cup Kosher salt

· ½ cup white sugar

· ½ cup molasses

· ¼ cup clover honey

· ½ gallon fresh apple cider

· 1 gallon chicken stock

· ½ Tbs. dried thyme

· 4-6 fresh sage leaves

· 2 sprigs fresh rosemary

· 1 stick whole cinnamon

· 2 bay leaves

· 1 Tbs. whole peppercorns (slightly crushed)

· 1 Tbs. whole allspice berries (slightly crushed)

· 1 Tbs. candied ginger

· 1 cup Tennessee Whiskey (Jack Daniels)

· Ice water

We hope you will consider contributing your favorite recipes while we still have time to go out and shop this week, or this weekend. Happy baking, Treepers. Remember, every recipe is enhanced by judicious applications of bacon and Jack.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131593,"Before getting to the opinion of the group ‘Cause of Action’, allow me to just highlight the trail and how it appears to be falling into place.

January 2010 – President Obama gives a state of the union speech where he decries the recent Supreme Court ruling “Citizens United”. (video here) I’m also going to put the video below and make an odd request:

Please, watch it 5 to 8 times! At each time look at the key people who react and/or rise after Obama’s words. Most have noted Supreme Court Justice Sam Alito’s infamous mouthing of the words “that’s not true“, but I need you to look beyond Alito and the unknown Supreme court Senior aide {female at end of row}.

Look at Treasury Sec Tim Geithner and Attorney General Eric Holder. Then replay and look at Senator Harry Reid, Senator Dick Durban and Senator Chuck Schumer {seated behind the Supremes}. Pictures and video are worth thousands of words.

SUMMER 2010 – In 2014 hindsight we know after this State of Union Speech – The IRS Tax Head Lois Lerner and the DOJ are in discussions about whether the Tax Enforcement Unit inside the DOJ should be assisting the IRS with investigation, using the FBI, of 501(c)(4) entities that are specifically the ire of the Obama administration as a result of that Citizens United ruling.

SUMMER 2010 – As a result of those IRS and DOJ meetings Lois Lerner sends 21 CD-ROM’s (1.1 million pages) of tax information to the DOJ/FBI for their use. Included in the data sent was 33 different full tax return filing’s of 501(c)(4) organizations adverse to the administration.

We also know that inside that data set Lerner sent the DOJ were 33 “Schedule B” filings (illegal to distribute). Those “schedule B’s” outlined every person, organization and entity who supported the 501(c)(4)’s.

On October 19, 2010, Lerner spoke at an event sponsored by Duke University’s Sanford School of Public Policy. At the event, Lerner referenced the political pressure the IRS faced to “fix the problem” of 501(c)(4) groups engaging in political activity. She stated:

What happened last year was the Supreme Court – the law kept getting chipped away, chipped away in the federal election arena. The Supreme Court dealt a huge blow, overturning a 100-year old precedent that basically corporations couldn’t give directly to political campaigns. And everyone is up in arms because they don’t like it. The Federal Election Commission can’t do anything about it.

They want the IRS to fix the problem. The IRS laws are not set up to fix the problem: (c)(4)s can do straight political activity. They can go out and pay for an ad that says, “Vote for Joe Blow.” That’s something they can do as long as their primary activity is their (c)(4) activity, which is social welfare.

So everybody is screaming at us right now: ‘Fix it now before the election. Can’t you see how much these people are spending?’ I won’t know until I look at their 990s next year whether they have done more than their primary activity as political or not. So I can’t do anything right now.

Who’s “their” ?

… possibly the 33 Groups outlined whose filings were illegally sent to the FBI and whose tax filing included a list made possible through the “Schedule B’s” ?

I think so.

NOVEMBER 2010 – MID TERM ELECTION: Democrats were “shellacked”!

Obama concedes ‘shellacking’ – Blames process, not his policies, for Democrats’ setback. (link)

You can imagine against the intensity backdrop around ‘Citizens United’ what the environment would have been like inside the IRS / FEC / DOJ political machine

FALL 2010 Through June 2011 – We now know as a result of feedback sent by people and organizations (quite possibly all listed on those, illegally distributed, 33 Schedule B’s) to congress – the House Ways and Means Committee began to hear evidence that suggested targeting.

JUNE 3rd, 2011 – Chairman Dave Camp sent Lois Lerner a letter inquiring about what activity the IRS was engaged upon that would be causing delays and additional inquiry from the IRS into “conservative groups” who were complaining to his committee. Camp asked for a response from Lerner’s office.

JUNE 13th, 2011 – Ten days after Chariman Camp’s letter arrives at the IRS, Lois Lerner’s email system has a mysterious malfunction. Her hard drive also mysteriously crashes, supposedly wiping out the communication trail for what activity she was engaged upon with entities outside the IRS offices.

It does not take a super sleuth to identify what that timeline reflects !

May 10th 2013 – IRS Admits to targeting Conservative groups and 501(c)(4) groups opposed to the Obama administration. By planting question amid reporters.

May 14th 2013 – Inspector General Report shows “ineffective IRS management” allowed targeting to occur. I would argue the word “ineffective” be replaced with “intentional“.

May 22nd 2013 – Lois Lerner pleads the Fifth

June 27th 2014 – Last WEEK: Lois Lerner attorney claims his client, in 2010, 2011, 2012, was only responding to requests from the DOJ/FBI and was not soliciting them for action. Claims they were the ones asking Lerner for the information (link)

July 2nd 2014, IRS General Counsel responds to inquiry from Trey Gowdy:

Here’s the latest:

WASHINGTON DC – New evidence about Lois Lerner’s missing emails suggests IRS acted in “bad faith,” and that there may have been White House involvement.

Cause of Action, a watchdog group that is investigating embattled former IRS official Lois Lerner, believes that there’s strong evidence proving the tax agency has obstructed Congress by losing Lerner’s emails and has suggested steps to get to the bottom of the situation.

According to a statement released to The Daily Caller by Cause of Action, the government watchdog group believes that there is evidence suggesting the IRS acted in “bad faith” in the case of the missing emails and that there might’ve been involvement with the White House in this action.

Cause of Action filed a FOIA request — along with Tea Party Patriots — seeking answers as to whether the IRS broke the law when it lost Lerner’s emails on June 24.

Dan Epstein, executive director for Cause of Action, outlined how this is the case in an interview with TheDC where he stated that the day (June 3, 2011) when Rep. Dave Camp, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, sent a letter to the IRS asking questions about the targeting of conservative groups is the date where the investigation began and when the IRS should’ve been well prepared for preserving Lerner’s hard drive.

“It’s very clear that this is obstruction of Congress,” Epstein told TheDC. “The IRS on June 3, 2011 became on notice that there was a congressional investigation, which automatically means that there is a duty to preserve documents.”

“There should’ve been copies of Lois Lerner’s hard drive and there should’ve been other practices to make sure all of her emails and documents were preserved,” Epstein continued. “It’s very clear from the record that there was no such hold of Lois Lerner’s documents at the time that Congressman Camp sent that June 3, 2011 letter.”

“There should be an inference of bad faith — they [Congress] can say that this was a bad faith loss of records, it was actually destruction, it was actually intentional.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124187,"WASHINGTON DC – … H.J.Res 15 proposes an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to repeal the Twenty-second Amendment. This would remove the limitation on the number of terms an individual may serve as President. Rep. José Serrano (D- NY15) introduced the controversial joint resolution on Friday, the second day of the 2013 legislative session.

The last President to serve more than two terms was Franklin D. Roosevelt. Roosevelt served three full terms as President and was elected to a fourth term. Roosevelt died 83 days into his fourth term in office.

Congress passed the Twenty-second Amendment on March 21, 1947. The required number of states ratified it in 1951. There have been numerous attempts to repeal the Twenty-second Amendment, including a previous attempt by Rep. Jose Serrano. Rep. Serrano attempted to repeal the Twenty-second Amendment with H.J.Res. 5 in 2009. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
39002,"Following the announcement from Bill Clinton that large segments of the American electorate are “coal people“, you know ‘THOSE PEOPLE’ – in the ‘US’ -vs- ‘THEM’ world, those simpletons, too uneducated to properly evaluate the magnanimous magnificence of the Clinton family, Hillary jumps into the foray with her own specific ridicule.

Secretary Hillary Clinton telling her donors at a fundraising dinner that Donald Trump supporters are “deplorable”.

Watch:

It’s the same condescending framework she used earlier in the day when granting an interview with an Israeli News Outlet:

The “deplorable American’s” remark is at 02:00 below:

Seeing this publicly presented is actually good news. It reflects the last desperate attempt of a campaign who has completely given up on trying to connect with the American electorate. This is the direct result from affirmational echo-chambering within a campaign.

This approach is also futile. Here’s why.

Notice how the shift goes from a strategy of attacking Donald Trump, her opponent – into attacking those who support Donald Trump. The nuance is visible but often missed. The reason it’s important is because the shift in this direction is specifically evident when a campaign has lost the central argument against the primary opposition; in this case, Donald Trump.

When a campaign begins attacking the supporters of the opponent’s campaign, they have lost their internal capability to outline their own message.

[…] Even the Democratic nominee’s advisers acknowledge that she must make changes, and quickly. (more)

Against a back drop of fear and insecurity, the primary messenger falls upon a small inner circle for support. In turn that circle now begins a process of self-affirming their own belief.

President Obama does this frequently when he’s losing an argument. He frames the issue as ‘those other people’ are simply not smart enough to understand how much better his approach is. It is an approach representative of a group or individual that is essentially trying to convince themselves of their own ability to influence. It’s also a very shallow psychological “tell“.

The Clinton Campaign’s primary issues have been “authenticity”, and “purpose”. Hillary is a horribly inauthentic candidate; she’s a fibber; and, worse yet, she’s a transparently self-serving fibber.

The only purpose the campaign has put forth to make the case for a Clinton presidency, is that she’s not Donald Trump. That’s why when you see interviews of her supporters they can’t tell you why she would be a good president. Even her campaign message is about not letting ‘him‘ win… [ ie. “Stronger Together” ]. In essence, Clinton’s entire campaign is about ‘not voting for Trump’, there’s nothing about why to vote for Hillary Clinton.

This is also why it’s very important not to miss the seismic catastrophe which was evident in the turnout for Hillary’s National Baptist Convention key-note address.

According to the Baptist Convention website there were approximately 20,000 delegates attending the four day convention Sept. 6th, 7th, 8th and 9th.

Of those 20,000 attendees, only about 2,000 (being generous) showed up for Hillary Clinton’s key-note speech on Thursday September 8th.

That means 90% of the 20,000 (18,000) National Baptist Convention delegates did not show up to hear Hillary Clinton’s campaign speech/message.

Let that sink in for a minute.

90% of a centrally captive black audience, decided to stay away from Clinton’s key-note address. They were already attending the convention, the speech was at 3:30pm – and 18,000 people, who were already in town, didn’t go.

By itself that’s an astonishing, unmistakable, and real lack of enthusiasm or interest. But that incident doesn’t sit alone.

We’ve already seen how Clinton can’t turn out a crowd of any significance. Her best rally in all of 2015 and 2016 was a little more than a week ago in Tampa at the campus of USF, and that total attendance was around 2,000 max.

Again, not abstract ponderings. These are empirical realities.

Also, as recent polling shows, 16% of Florida DEMOCRATS are voting for Donald Trump, and over 13% of North Carolina DEMOCRATS are voting Trump. To give you context, there’s no registration drive in the world that can overcome 13% and 15% of the party base voting for the opposition candidate.

In Florida alone the DNC would have to register 500,000 new Democrats, before October 11th (voter registration deadline), less than a month from now in FLORIDA, just to break even and offset the ones voting Trump. Not-Going-To-Happen. It’s just statistically impossible.

In addition, it’s widely being reported now that Hispanic support for Trump is in the 35% range and stable or climbing. Simultaneously, Black Voter support for Trump is in the 15% range and increasing steadily. It’s the reality of the black voter apathy we see overlapping with the stunning results at the National Baptist Convention.

This is the reality the internal dynamics of the Clinton campaign are facing.

This is also the real reason why Bill and Hillary Clinton are lashing out.

It’s a campaign death spiral.

Watch.

Proud Deplorables

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121639,"The willful blindness of the U.S. media is becoming a parody unto itself. The outbreak of the Measles virus is gaining attention as medical reports begin to accumulate by the day. Yet, no-one in the legacy media claims to be able … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
67230,"Summary: A black female student at Spring Valley High School was being disruptive in class. The student refused to leave after a teacher asked her to. A School administrator, also black, was called to the room, and also asked the student to leave, and she refused again. Finally, the school resource police officer (white guy) was called to the room. The officer requested compliance the student refused twice. The officer forcibly removed the student and placed her under arrest.

The BGI narrative began almost immediately – Richland County, SC (WLTX) – A Richland County school resource officer has been placed on administrative duty following an incident at a local high school that was captured on video and circulated on social media sites across the nation.

Lt. Curtis Wilson with the Richland County Sheriff’s Department said Monday night that Deputy Ben Fields will not be back at any school pending the results of an investigation.

Sheriff Leon Lott, whose agency is in charge of the school resource program at the school, was out of town at a law enforcement meeting when the incident took place. Wilson said while they’re asking for patience while an investigation takes place, Lott was taken aback by what’s being shown to the public.

“He was disturbed by what he saw,” Wilson said. “He has questions. He has questions just like everybody else does. And he wants answers to those questions.”

Wilson could not say if the deputy involved had any prior incidents or complaints against him.

A video began spreading on social media sites Monday afternoon. In it, a female student can be seen sitting in her chair in a classroom where several other students are present. An officer can be seen grabbing the student out of her desk, causing the chair to flip over. Once the student is on the ground, the officer can be seen grabbing the student and dragging her for several feet.

The officer then tells the girl to put her hands behind her back. A second, shorter video shows the officer restraining the girl.

Lott told News19 that the student refused to leave after a teacher asked her to. An administrator was called to the room, and also asked the student to leave, Lott said, and she refused again. Finally, the school resource officer came to the room. Lott said the officer forcibly removed the student and she resisted arrest.

The girl was charged with disturbing schools, and was released to the custody of her parents. Another female student was also charged with disturbing schools, but Wilson said that was not the person who recorded the video. (Wilson had earlier said the second student was male, but later clarified.)

News19 reached out to Richland School District Two. Superintendent Dr. Debbie Hamm said that the district was “deeply concerned” about the incident, and will not tolerate any actions that jeopardize the safety of students.

Roof also said that pending the results of an investigation with the sheriff’s department, the district has directed that the officer not return to any school in the district. (read more with additional video)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123421,"Either this article contains lazy/poor reporting, or the Sheriff changed his story again….

GEORGIA – The investigation into the botched drug raid that left a baby critically injured is growing to include state and federal authorities.

“As a parent, I can’t imagine the horrible nightmare that this family is enduring,” said U.S. Attorney Sally Yates on Tuesday. “Federal and state authorities are coordinating to get to the bottom of what happened.”

The Georgia Bureau of Investigation announced Tuesday that at the request of the district attorney it would investigate whether narcotics officers violated the law in executing a controversial “no-knock” search warrant last Wednesday.

Meanwhile civil rights advocates delivered a letter to Yates asking that federal authorities investigate whether the rights of 19-month-old Bounkham “Bou Bou” Phonesavanh and his family were violated in the highly aggressive search that yielded no drugs, no drug dealer and no weapons. It was unclear how active a role federal authorities would play.

“It is not unusual for the U.S. Attorney to conduct a simultaneous investigation in these type of cases,” said state Sen. Vincent Fort, D-Atlanta, who helped deliver the letter to Yates. “They did it in the Kathryn Johnston case.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128746,"That was at 9:45 am….. At 10:05 am Obama was jumping on a flight bound to the Oprah Winfrey show….. Then later 3 Democrat fundraisers. Big problems to solve, huh?… (Daily Caller) — In a press conference announcing the release of his long form birth certificate, Obama denounced the “silliness,” the “sideshows and carnival barkers” that forced him to release a completely unremarkable document after years of speculation on the issue had metastasized into a political phenomenon he could no longer ignore.

“We do not have time for this kind of silliness. We’ve got better stuff to do. I’ve got better stuff to do. We’ve got big problems to solve,” the president said.

Minutes later, he boarded a helicopter, bound for Chicago where he will interview with Oprah, the queen of daytime TV talk shows who recently launched her own network.

The press conference was held a few minutes after 9:45 a.m. At 10:05 a.m. he was in the air, according to a White House pool report, which noted “Oprah awaits.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
46681,"“Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it”

No-one wants war. If you look throughout modern history you will find a seemingly consistent view of conflict from the peaceful nations who often are forced to bear witness to regional conflicts driven by evil regimes.

The evil nations, who hold an ideological hatred, use the reflexive nature of conflict avoidance, held by most civilized nations, to advance their goals. It has always been thus.

In 1938 Czechoslovakia suffered from the avoidance principle espoused by the British and the French; the Czechs became victim to Germany.

In 2013 while the globe is indeed smaller and more closely attached, the same mindset carries toward a league of nations watching Israel play the role of Czechoslovakia, and Iran taking the place of Germany.

What Germany needed in 1937/1938 was time and a British/French unwillingness. What Iran needs in 2013 is time, and a U.S. unwillingness. The key difference is this: in 1938 Czech could not defend herself…. In 2013, Israel can.

So Iran needs something else.

Something which President Obama just gave them.

In Germany 1937/1938 the military buildup was in full swing; factories turning out metric tonnes of war material; all in preparation.

In Iran 2012/2013 the nuclear weapons buildup is in full swing; bunkered centrifuges turning out increasingly potent nuclear material; all in preparation.

In September of 2012, Benjamin Netanyahu famously gave his U.N. “red line” speech outlining the three stages of nuclear weapons development, and the point at which Israel would have no other course but to attack Iran. Experts put that at the point that Iran has amassed enough uranium, purified to a level of 20 percent, that could quickly be enriched further and be used to produce an atomic bomb.

“At this late hour, there is only one way to peacefully prevent Iran from getting atomic bombs. That’s by placing a clear red line on Iran’s nuclear program,” Netanyahu said.

Iran, Netanyahu said, was well into what he defined as the second stage of enrichment – 20 percent purification – and predicted it would complete it by “next spring, at most by next summer, at current enrichment rates.”

That time Netanyahu outlined is NOW.

According to an August 2012 report by the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in June 2012 Iran had stockpiled 91.4 kg (201.5 pounds) of the 20 percent material.

Most experts said in 2012 that Iran need 200 to 250 kg (440 to 550 pounds) of such material for a weapon. A few experts suggest less might do it. Iran was projected to reach that threshold by September 2013 at a rate of 15 kg (33 pounds) a month, this rate could also have increased if it activated new enrichment centrifuges.

According to the U.N. nuclear watchdog, around 25 kg (55.1 pounds) of uranium enriched to a 90 percent purity level would be needed for a single nuclear weapon.

Is it a coincidence that a New Iranian Diplomacy jumps to the forefront of international political discussions at precisely the same moment they were predicted to have reached Netanyahu’s RED LINE?

Despite the White House obfuscations, and the media avoidance of the central timing, the intellectually honest observer would say this is not coincidental.

Iran is in the “Red Line Zone” right now.

Israel said they would strike if Iran reached the Red Line Zone.

So how does Iran avoid the strike?

Simple, engage President Obama in “direct” nuclear discussions.

By Direct, I mean “first person”, as in President Obama speaking directly to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani.

Israel cannot possibly, in the diplomatic mind of an international community, attack Iran while President Obama and President Rouhani are in direct one-on-one negotiations over the Iranian nuclear weapons development.

That is PRECISELY what Iran intended.

Many people just don’t want to accept the ulterior motives of evil regimes. I can understand that; it is civilized human nature to avoid conflict. But we cannot be blind to the existence of the evil itself; if we are, we are doomed to suffer the same historical consequences.

Failure to recognize the existence of evil intention does not protect you from it !

I want you to closely look at this following statement from a famously evil regime, and replace the term “Germans in Czechoslovakia” with “Palestinians”.

“I am asking neither that Germany be allowed to oppress three and a half million Frenchmen, nor am I asking that three and a half million Englishmen be placed at our mercy. Rather I am simply demanding that the oppression of three and a half million Germans in Czechoslovakia cease and that the inalienable right to self-determination take its place.” – Adolf Hitler’s speech at the NSDAP Congress 1938

After the allies liberated Europe the Czechoslovakians in Sudeten were forced by allied forces, primarily the Americans and British, to walk past the Jewish/Czech bodies and bear witness.

I challenge you to look back on history, and then look closely at today’s headlines, and listen to the arguments on all sides, and find a difference.

Go ahead, but time is running out…..

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122866,"Just to put an exclamation point on concerns of witness validity, reliability and/or even stability. Ms. Piaget Crenshaw, the witness who claims she saw Officer Darren Wilson murder Mike Brown, is now claiming she witnessed the Ferguson Police Department burn down a Mike Brown memorial constructed of “candles and plush bears”.

It couldn’t be the candles and the Teddy bears came into contact. No, that wouldn’t be nefarious enough for the Ferguson crew.

Just like the shooting that spurred the actual memorial itself, Ms. Crenshaw had to quickly ramp up the drama and proclaim it was intentionally set by the Ferguson Police Department. A statement so ridiculous it would be funny were it not taken seriously by the professional agitators who need such provocations.

Now there are hundreds of angry Ferguson residents demanding justice for the victimized plush bears. The plush were also rumored to have been fearfully holding their hands up just prior to the arsonist’s flamethrower targeted at their stuffing.

Immediately the Washington Post dispatches a reporter to the scene and calls have been made to the U.S. Attorney General to open an investigation.

So Angry. Somebody set the Mike Brown memorial on fire in the middle of the night. pic.twitter.com/9M7C9uzl4o — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) September 23, 2014

Mike Brown’s memorial was torched. I can’t believe I just woke up to that. — Alexis (@MusicOverPeople) September 23, 2014

Early reports indicate the Missouri State Senate is being called into emergency session, and the Missouri Governor is rumored to be in closed door discussions about declaring another state of emergency until the assassins of the bear clan can be identified.

This can't be real .. RT @Johnny___Tapia Somebody set Mike Brown memorial on fire last night smh. pic.twitter.com/u1rwOybPGB — Shauna Elizabeth ; ♥ (@iHateKiddyGames) September 23, 2014

Private Citizen CSI crews are rapidly at work investigating the cause. President Obama has been notified and is prepared to take immediate and decisive action. Bears matter.

#Ferguson Man collecting cinders. ""We need evidence that gasoline was poured here and this was deliberately set."" pic.twitter.com/BYTSMcs2ei — Paul Hampel (@phampel) September 23, 2014

#Ferguson Canfield Watchmen leader David Whitt: ""There is no way a candle did this. Someone used gasoline."" http://t.co/s7DOMElFzW — Paul Hampel (@phampel) September 23, 2014

Antonio French is reported to be organizing a bear registration drive for this weekend. Several University students have volunteered to canvas the 100 Acre Wood and educate the plush citizens on their rights. Barbie is said to be coordinating a supportive March as the community moves forward with the healing process.

#MikeBrown memorial already being rebuilt #Ferguson crowd is pissed it burned pic.twitter.com/0vD9SeEOwH — David Carson (@PDPJ) September 23, 2014

*Note* Parts of this are satire, parts are real. The fact you can barely tell the difference is the reality within Ferguson Missouri today.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45619,"CURRENT: 15°.7 N x 62°.2 W Winds: 45mph Direction: Moving West @ 21mph

(Via Weather.Com) Isaac for the first time is showing signs of becoming better organized, but is not quite all the way there yet. Aircraft reconnaissance had found a broad, elongated area of light winds in the middle of the storm with multiple tinier “centers.” A subsequent recon center location was more in the midst of the convection (thunderstorms), and that convection is deeper and more solid than it had been.

On the other hand, a NOAA tweet noted, “Most recent radar analysis shows broad, weak circulation at 2 km and possible circulation displaced at least 100 km to south at 7 km.” In other words, the low-level and midlevel centers might be discombobulated. We’ll be monitoring to see to what extent the core of the storm can consolidate and tighten up, and if so, to what extent and at what rate that leads to substantive strengthening of the storm.

– Regardless of how much the storm is able to crank up in that respect, it will be accompanied by heavy rain, and a high threat of flash flooding and mudslides will exist, especially in places such as Haiti, the Dominican Republic, and Puerto Rico where there is much hilly terrain. Furthermore, the large size of Isaac’s circulation will likely cause bands of downpours to linger well after the center passes.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122375,"From beginning to end this screen grab sequence of the Officer in McKinney Texas is less than 6 seconds. Six seconds inside the threat matrix. This is what police have to deal with.

Never run up behind a cop dealing with a volatile situation :

Decisions needing to be made in micro-seconds. Again, this entire sequence is less than 6 seconds in real time video.

Notice the officer never actually points his firearm at anyone. After unholstering it and securing it in his hand he keeps the hand gun pointed down toward the ground until re-holstered.

Watch it again:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45177,…”don’t give me no look” As the story is told An 11-year-old Florida girl was suspended from school after she recorded her fifth-grade teacher threatening and bullying other students. The evidence Brianna Cooper recorded was enough to get the teacher … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131150,Jim Hoft has a great post up at GateWayPundit about exposing the strategy of the DSCC (Democrat Senatorial Campaign Committee). In essence this outlines EXACTLY what we said last week they were going to do – it’s just how they … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122241,"“Deported five times”…

TEXAS – U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said a man accused of serial rape in the Austin area was deported five times before his most recent arrest in August. Nicodemo Coria-Gonzales faces six charges including aggravated sexual assault and kidnapping. In one case, a victim told police he poured gasoline on her and tried to set her on fire.

Police said Coria-Gonzalez admitted he had picked up prostitutes and beat them out of anger. He is currently being held without bond on an immigration detainer.

“There’s bad, really bad people, who want to do us real harm who are coming at us from all different directions north, south, east and west,” said Immigration specialist Thomas Esparza, Jr.

If the allegations against him are true, Nicodemo Coria-Gonzalez illegally immigrated to the United States six times and then sexually abused several women.

“If that guy came back, he came back to do us ill, but there’s not that many people who are able to come back that often and that successfully. That’s the kind of person that even immigration lawyers are going to say, ‘You know, he should be prosecuted,’” said Esparza.

In August, Coria-Gonzalez was arrested after a woman told police he tried to set her on fire. While investigating, officers realized he had sexually assaulted several women in a secluded area off Ferguson Lane.

Investigators also learned Coria-Gonzalez had previous charges that convinced U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to deport him five times. (read more)

Quick, play louder… play louder….

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223714,"During a CNN interview this morning CNN Director Sean Spicer pushed back against the ridiculously politicized claims that Russia hacked the RNC. They didn’t. Fake News:

However, Michael Smerconish was fully engaged in selling the MSM storyline.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222669,"The complaint was filed today in Duval County:

Here is the full backstory

Another intended victim to cover the fraud in the backstory of the Zimmerman Trial.

Jacksonville FL – State Attorney Angela Corey fired her office’s information technology director Friday after he testified last month about being concerned prosecutors did not turn over information to George Zimmerman’s defense team in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin.

On the same day attorneys finished their closing arguments in that nationally watched trial, a state attorney investigator went to Ben Kruidbos’ home about 7:30 a.m. to hand-deliver a letter stating Kruidbos “can never again be trusted to step foot in this office.”

The letter contended Kruibos did a poor job overseeing the information technology department, violated public records law for retaining documents, and noted he was questioned in March when the office was trying to determine who had leaked personnel information obtained through a computer breach.

In an interview Friday, Kruidbos denied the allegations in the letter, which was written by Cheryl Peek, the managing director of the State Attorney’s Office.

He said he had acted in good faith about “genuine concerns.” He said he had been proud to work at the State Attorney’s Office and feared the letter would cripple his chances at finding another job to support his family, including a 4-month-old son.

“I don’t have any regrets,” he said, “but I am terrified about the future and what that will end up being.”

His attorney Wesley White — who resigned from the State Attorney’s Office in December and is a critic of Corey — said the firing was aimed at sending a message to office employees “that if they feel like there is wrongdoing,” they should not disclose it or seek legal guidance from a private attorney.

“If they do speak to an attorney, then they are dead,” he said. “The State Attorney’s Office will do whatever is necessary to not only terminate them, but destroy their reputations in the process.”

State Attorney spokeswoman Jackelyn Barnard did not return phone calls or emails for comment.

Kruidbos, 42, had been on paid administrative leave since May 28 from his $$80,892 job.

In January, he used computer software technology to extract photographs and text messages from the source file in Martin’s cellphone. Kruidbos was able to recover more information than the Florida Department of Law Enforcement obtained previously.

GETTING LEGAL ADVICE

Kruidbos said he became concerned that lead prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda might not have turned over Kruidbos’ report to defense attorneys. Kruidbos asked White in April for legal advice and described some contents of his report such as a photo of an African-American hand holding a gun, a photo of a plant resembling marijuana, and a text message referring to a gun transaction.

White then contacted one of Zimmerman’s attorneys and learned the defense had not received the report generated by Kruidbos. The defense did receive the source file from the cellphone and used its own experts to extract data.

Last month, Zimmerman’s attorneys subpoenaed both White and Kruidbos during a pretrial hearing on their motion seeking sanctions against prosecutors. Circuit Judge Debra Nelson deferred a ruling until after the trial.

Before Kruidbos’ name surfaced in the Martin trial proceedings, he received a pay raise for “meritorious performance,” according to a document dated May 16 in his personnel file.

But the dismissal letter written by Peek contends he did his job poorly as information technology director and said he should have asked someone in the office about his concerns regarding the Martin case.

“Your egregious lack of regard for the sensitive nature of the information handled by this office is completely abhorrent,” Peek wrote. “You have proven to be completely untrustworthy. Because of your deliberate, wilful and unscrupulous actions, you can never again be trusted to step foot in this office.”

The letter said Kruidbos “apparently questioned the ethics” of de la Rionda, who has been an assistant state attorney since 1983. “His record as an honorable and respected attorney is unblemished and beyond reproach,” Peek wrote.

Kruidbos said the question of de la Rionda’s ethics “is not really my place to decide.”

He said he asked White for legal advice because he was concerned he could face “legal exposure” if the cellphone report wasn’t turned over to the defense before the trial started.

He said he did not feel comfortable posing that question to anyone within the office because the State Attorney’s Office had just conducted an in-house probe of whether someone was leaking personnel information. (read more)

How did The Kruidbos Aspect play out in the Zimmerman Trial ? This was the subject of the late night testy exchange during a proffer hearing on 7/9/13 between Don West and State Prosecutors / Judge Nelson.

If you listen closely to the Defense Expert Witness, Richard Conner, testimony you realize what he has found. The phone deletions were made around all of the attributes which would have affected the considerations in this case about character and reputation. Except for the porn pictures.

The reason the porn was not found by the person deleting was because of how they were hidden in the phone. The person deleting would not have seen them as images and would have needed an application to understand the “bit” file which was password protected also.

Conner is outlining a very specific educated thesis that the phone was scrubbed of damning evidence after death. Meaning somehow a person intentionally removed, “deleted”, the data.

Obviously, Mantai objects when Conner is going there with his explanations – but the implication is crystal clear. If the state of Florida retained custody of that phone – then someone from FDLE, or in association with the chain of evidence, deleted the data.

THAT DELETED data was the data missing in the State’s discovery to the defense until June 4th. And even after that time, the essential summary of data, which was included in a written report, was devoid of mention to this specific data file of deleted evidence.

What does this mean? It lends to only one Occam’s Razor explanation: The STATE prosecutorial team intentionally deleted, the data, then delivered a partial file with the non-deleted data, then at the last minute before trial (June 4th) delivered the full data set, but omitted the deleted data from the written report summarizing the entire “bin” file.

Essentially, the State hid the evidence – and Don West has the specific understanding of how and who has falsely presented the manipulated information. The State also falsely testified, pre-trial, to the data delivery and the process under which it was done.

Back in April – That’s what the Whistle Blower, Ben Kruidbos, was trying to tell them [watch video]…

….but he was handcuffed in court explanation by the fact the Defense had yet to receive the manipulated data in the form the Whistle blower was describing it. It did not arrive until 6/4/13.

Currently the trial Judge, Debra Nelson, is anticipated to take up a pre-trial hearing for sanctions against the state for discovery violations around this issue – the date for the hearing is yet undetermined.

Unfortunately, according to Conner, the date of the actual deletion itself cannot be clearly identified. However, from the type of data deleted it will be possible to determine an approximate time based on *what* was deleted.

The evidence (phone itself) will have a chain of custody.

That may narrow their search for the specific person. However, the actual download of the “bin” file probably does not have chain of custody – so while it may be possible to prove the construct of the deception, the actual person who did it may never be identified. That would be the subject for an internal special investigation by a State appointee from the Governors office.

Regardless, there is enough factual evidence to outline a serious and intentional attempt to hide evidence in the Zimmerman case surrounding the phone data of Trayvon Martin. The retaliation, firing of Ben Kruidbos, for his concern about being part of intentional deception is now going to reach sunlight as a consequence of this new lawsuit brought by him against Angela Corey.

The Brady violations in State discovery are a big deal not only for George Zimmerman, but also for Ben Kruidbos, who has been fired from his job for speaking up about the hiding of, and manipulation of, evidence in the case.

If George Zimmerman is going to approach a malicious prosecution claim against Angela Corey, and subsequently the State of Florida, Ben Kruidbos is going to play a key role. Additionally, the possible sanctions against Bernie De La Rionda and the entire prosecution team – will weigh heavily toward pressure upon Corey to be disciplined, or even fired by her boss, Governor Rick Scott.

If the Brady violations are proven to the court, which in my opinion is not difficult, then the sanctions and discipline against the state could also benefit Ben Kruidbos in any civil action of his own. So both George Zimmerman and Ben Kruidbos stand to benefit from winning the post trial hearing.

Also, just to give you a taste of the level of deception around this prosecution, we also shared a Smaller issue which also surfaced during that same late-night proffer hearing. Again, just more evidence of how deceptive all the parties aligned against George Zimmerman had become:

At the :15 second mark of this video, in response to the state now taking the position the phone data cannot be authenticated (which is absurd on its face) Conner reveals that Trayvon Martin’s phone was actually a part of Sybrina Fulton’s family account plan.

Sybrina Fulton was the account holder.:

Meaning it was not, as previously stated by the Scheme Team, Tracy Martin accessing his own phone records on 3/17/12 which could have revealed “Dee Dee” or Witness #8, later identified as Rachel Jeantel. Another BIG manipulative lie.

Which begs the question: When Benjamin Crump passed out partial phone records to the media on 3/20/12, they included the name of the account owner as Tracy Martin. How is this possible on the printed detail if the phone was actually under the account of Sybrina Fulton?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225007,"With the skyrocketing price of gasoline, it’s time to ressurect the Sticky Note Campaign. Take a pack of “Post Its” write your anti-Obama slogan and then leave one on the gas pump during your next visit.

You can also create custom “Post It Notes” free CLICK HERE

See more examples below including more from Louisiana guerrilla GracieD. Remember YOU ARE NOT ALONE….. Examples and explanation from YTZ4Me:

Patriots. ACTION NEEDED – Send pictures of your “Post It” notes to our e-mail and we will share with attribution every day. Send your pictures to refuge2012@hushmail.com include your username if you would like it shared. and Tell your friends too..

Via our Treeper Heroine YTZ4Me ( at StopShouting) Part of the charade employed by the existing Regime is to continue to make people believe that they are alone in their dissent and/or dissatisfaction with the ruling class. They need to isolate you and make you feel YOU are the outlier. A recent example is the derision lobbed at those who questioned Obama’s background and credentials.

This has been written about extensively in various professional military training manuals. It has also been the subject of many papers, dissecting the evolution of an underground movement that overthrew an entrenched Regime, where to outsiders, the “sudden collapse” of an oppressive regime catches them by surprise, when in fact, it was predictable all along.

The reason for the “sudden collapse” is that the group knowledge finally reached a tipping point, where the “dissenters” realize that they are the MAJORITY, not the minority as the Regime would have them believe.

Sticky notes, as advocated at gas pumps and on stores shelves, represent what is known as “Counter propaganda”.

TEN RULES FOR LIBERTY GUERILLAS:

1. It is important to maintain a belief in final victory. Morale is everything.

2. Large numbers of [counter propaganda] appearing day after day, night after night, everywhere, will make the Regime nervous and raise the self-confidence of the population since such activities demonstrate the inefficiency of the existing Regime and the power and strength of the resistance movement.

3. Whenever practical, successful guerilla forces use non-electronic means to communicate.

4. It is a principle of political science that it is easier to persuade people to vote against something or someone than to persuade them to vote in favor of something.

5. Liberty guerillas form centers of resistance EVERYWHERE and they are always in action. Thus, when the Regime attempts to confront/solve one “media” crisis of anti-Regime opinion, another flares up. This serves to also drain the Regime’s manpower and resources.

6. Always, always, ALWAYS be on the offensive.

7. Short, snappy slogans spread the message. Advertising/marketing gurus know that to gain traction, a slogan must be 7 words or less.

“BE ALL THAT YOU CAN BE”.

Turn the tables on the opposition: Palin’s “Obama: WTF indeed” is classic.

8. Mix it up. Never be predictable. But always be lawful.

9. Undermine the Regime’s morale and their propaganda by exposing their methods and by constant emphasis on the unjustness of their cause and effects on the population.

(Higher prices? Thanks, Obama).

10. Exploit the alternative media to communicate the ideas of the Liberty movement and resistance to the Regime. Be everywhere; be informed; make it known you are aware of the lies disseminated by the Regime and aren’t falling for them.

THE MOMENTUM IS ON OUR SIDE. Do not be deterred!

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224893,"Once again President Obama shows how incredibly influential his administration can be in the world. NOT. President Obama makes a statement to the global community demanding support for a resolution against Syria’s Assad. Secretary Of State Hillary Clinton follows up and makes demands of the global community for support of Obama, and then UN ambassador Susan Rice delivers the United States demands for a resolution against the Syrian regime.

Russia and China laughing uncontrollably at the little man Obama, Pantsuits, and the woman of bovine fart (global warming) infamy Susan Rice, tell them to sit on their puny foot stomping resolution and rotate.

Once again the childish insignificance of the Apologizer In Chief is showcased upon the world stage. Once again the failure of Obama’s foreign policy of apology and weakness is front and center for all the world to see and laugh at. Way to go TEAM Progressives.

However, this brings further concern to the looming attack against Iran. “Pride cometh before the fall”, or in this case, Obama’s need to show he does have some kind of global significance will be evidenced by his now necessary attack against Iran before the election.

Obama is a weak president in the eyes of those watching. Both domestically and on the world stage America’s influence has never been more insignificant or ineffectual. How will poor girly man Obama manipulate the truth of it? He will use the strength of our military to create the false optic of a “Gutsy Caller”.

Yep, tick tock, tick tock indeed….. This latest smack in the face of Obama is going to only solidify his resolve to puff out his chest on Iran. He has too. He is failing miserably on all other venues of the world stage. The United States has lost influence, no-one is paying the slightest bit of attention to this appeaser and weak president.

Danger lies ahead….

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224155,"From Wikipedia:

Gaslighting is a form of mental abuse in which false information is presented with the intent of making a victim doubt his or her own memory, perception, and sanity. Instances may range simply from the denial by an abuser that previous abusive incidents ever occurred, up to the staging of bizarre events by the abuser with the intention of disorienting the victim.

The term “gaslighting” comes from the play Gas Light and its film adaptations. The term is now also used in clinical and research literature.

On that note, here is Bill Whittle’s latest FIREWALL:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223619,"Media and the professional left have been jaw-agape, pearl-clutching amid their discussion of the appropriateness for Donald Trump to directly confront corporate CEO’s about their business models. Initially their angst was simply because Donald Trump had the audacity to begin … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123745,"(Via Stars and Stripes) For the wife of the gunman accused of killing four people at a kosher supermarket in Paris 10 days ago, the escape from questioning about complicity in the Charlie Hebdo terror attacks was relatively easy.

Once Hayat Boumeddiene, 26, got to Turkey, she followed the path of hundreds, perhaps thousands, of other European jihadi volunteers before her — into the self-declared Islamic State.

Aided by smugglers in the Turkish border town of Akcakale, and several companions, she walked through a disused border crossing on Jan. 8 and into the Syrian town of Tal Abyad, which has been an Islamic State stronghold for months.

She would have passed a guard shack on the old road between Alcakale and Tal Abyad, but if Turkish border guards took any notice, they made no effort to stop her, according to a Turkish security official, who spoke anonymously because speaking on the record was not allowed.[…]

Turkey is widely viewed as the jihadi highway to Syria. Germany’s domestic intelligence chief said last week that of the 550 people who left Germany to volunteer for the Islamic State, “well over 90 percent” traveled to Syria via Turkey. “We are asking Turkey, we demand that Turkey stop travel via Turkish sovereign territory in the direction of Syria,” Hans-Georg Meissen, Germany’s domestic intelligence chief told a TV interviewer on Jan. 12.

Turkish officials reject responsibility and say they have been made into a scapegoat. Responding to Meissen’s demand, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said closing the border would have sealed it to refugees fleeing the Syrian civil war as well. (read more)

It’s not a surprise that Turkey represents the primary toll plaza on the Jihadi Highway, President Recep Erdogan views ISIS as his personal up and coming army. Erdogan wants another empire, an Erdogan Empire.

He’s only inches away from going full blown Islamist Dictator.

The next president will have to construct several strategic global policy initiatives to rebuild the influence of freedom principles, and protect U.S. interests. Four of them are going to be critical: China, Russia Iran and Turkey.

Related:

♦ Erdogan Vows to Impose ‘Arabic’ Ottoman Lessons in Schools

♦ Investigative Video Proves Turkey Conspiring With ISIS on Syrian Border.

♦ Turkish President Recep Erdogan Delivers Speech Attacking The West On Behalf Of Islamic State – Proclaims Ideological Favoritism For Rise of New Ottoman Empire.

♦ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan Openly Supporting Sunni ISIS Caliphate Construction In Syria.

♦ Joe Biden Discusses The Rise of ISIS and How Turkey Played A Role.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125098,"(Reuters) – A former employee of Florida State Attorney Angela Corey’s office plans to file a whistleblower lawsuit against George Zimmerman’s prosecutors, his attorney [Wes White] told Reuters on Tuesday.

The action will put pressure on Corey, who already faces criticism from some legal experts for the unsuccessful prosecution of the case, which led to the acquittal of Zimmerman for shooting unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin. Zimmerman’s defense has also called for sanctions against her and her prosecution team.

Ben Kruidbos, Corey’s former director of information technology, was fired after testifying at a pre-trial hearing on June 6 that prosecutors failed to turn over potentially embarrassing evidence extracted from Martin’s cell phone to the defense, as required by evidence-sharing laws.

“We will be filing a whistleblower action in (Florida’s Fourth Judicial District) Circuit Court,” said Kruidbos’ attorney Wesley White, himself a former prosecutor who was hired by Corey but resigned in December because he disagreed with her prosecutorial priorities. He said the suit will be filed within the next 30 days.

Corey and lead prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda declined to comment. A spokeswoman for Corey referred Reuters to Kruidbos’ termination letter, previously made public, in which Corey’s office accused him of hacking confidential information from state computers. (continue reading)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224770,"*UPDATE* Can’t say I ever remember another situation like this where an American President is begged to denounce a Terroristic Regime from within the Regime itself. (Politico) — Now here’s a situation pretty much without precedent: The Libyan Ambassador to the U.S. just called on the Untied States to denounce his country’s leaders — and his employers — more forcefully. “I want the U.S. to tell the world and to work with the countries who love peace . . . they have to stop this,” Ambassador Ali Ojli said, suggesting that he had resigned his post, in an interview with Al Jazeera English.

“I would never ask us to intervene physically in Libya,” he said, but called on the Obama Administration to “take a strong position that what’s happening in libya must be stopped now . . . and to avoid giving the impression to the Arab world that the West “has only a materialist mind — they don’t care about human rights . . . except when it comes to their own interest.”

“You see them raising their voices about iran . . . because they have some interest in in Iran. . . . When it comes to other countries they don’t raise their voice,” he said, adding that the Arab and Muslim world won’t “trust america or the west if they behave that way.” (Read More)

WASHINGTON (AFP)— US President Barack Obama is “considering all appropriate actions” on Libya, an administration official said Monday, urging Moamer Kadhafi’s regime not to use force against raging protests. Angry Libyan demonstrators attacked the state broadcaster and set government buildings ablaze on Monday as the leader’s son warned that the north African country faces civil war and “rivers of blood.”

With gunfire crackling in the streets of Tripoli, and Human Rights Watch putting the death toll at 233 since Thursday, Saif al-Islam Kadhafi vaguely promised reforms as he condemned the revolt as a foreign plot.

“We are analyzing the speech of Saif al-Islam Kadhafi to see what possibilities it contains for meaningful reform,” an administration official said. “We will seek clarification from senior Libyan officials, as we continue to raise with them the need to avoid violence against peaceful protesters and respect universal rights.” (read more)

Perhaps Obama is “considering” whether Kadaffi is acting stupidly? Meanwhile Kadaffi has unleashed his full military against his own people using fighter jets to fire upon his own citizens. Yet Obama is “analyzing a speech”. Hello?… Earth to clowns… forget what he or his damn kids are saying, look at what they are doing. While you “consider” and “analyze” what response to provide, there are people getting strafed in the streets. Think about it. Seriously. The absolute ineptitude of this administration to respond instead of ‘react’ is unbelievable. Obama is worried about his union buddies losing some collective bargaining rights in Wisconsin, meanwhile chaos is raining down everywhere. The emphasis is on the wrong syllable. Sheeesh. /SD

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
68216,"The Maryland Appeals Court has stepped in to halt the trial against Officer Caesar Goodson on the day jury selection was scheduled to begin. In an earlier appellate court ruling the forced testimony of accused police officer William Porter was blocked. The State’s cases are falling apart due to inept legal application and ideological motives to prosecute.

Baltimore State Attorney Marilyn Mosby is now claiming without Porter’s testimony her cases against both Caesar Goodson and Alicia White will not stand:

[…] not being able to call Porter as a witness would “result in irreparable harm to the People of Maryland by effectively gutting their government’s prosecution” of two of the officers. (link)

On its face this is an absolutely absurd position.

The case against William Porter ended in a mistrial, but even if the case against Porter had resulted in a successful conviction – Porter would still have the ability to evoke his fifth amendment right not to testify while his appeal was outstanding. Mosby should have never even contemplated the ability to use Porter as a witness against any officer.

Marilyn Mosby and the Baltimore prosecutors office are so blinded by politics they are showing a complete disconnect from law and/or the ability to legally prosecute their case.

Readers might remember the trial of George Zimmerman, a case with significant legal parallels to the malicious Baltimore Six prosecution in Baltimore. Zimmerman’s defense team won three easy appeals court decisions against rulings of Orlando Judge Debra Nelson during trial. In addition there were at least two more easy-to-win appeals the defense never even filed because the prosecution case simply collapsed.

In the 2013 Zimmerman trial, similar to Baltimore Judge Barry Williams, Judge Nelson became ideologically disconnected from legal forethought. Nelson even demanded in open court, during the trial -before the prosecution team had finished their presentation- that George Zimmerman go on record publicly stating if he was going to take the stand in his own defense. Any appeals court in the country would have thrown out any subsequent negative outcome and allowed a retrial, on that basis alone.

This is what happens when severely malicious political prosecutions need to be propped up by sympathetic (to the prosecution) and activist judges.

Back to Baltimore – Last week Judge Barry Williams mandated that Officer William Porter, who has a re-trail date pending in July, forcibly testify against the other officers. Essentially denying Porter his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination. This outlandish judicial ruling is what the Maryland appellate court immediately blocked.

Judge Williams was conducting his court in a similar fashion to Judge Nelson in Florida. Both activist judges trying to save the fraudulent prosecutorial cases against the accused, and bail out the states’ weak case and lack of legal reasoning.

Yesterday, just before jury selection was set to begin, the Maryland appeals court, obviously understanding the snowball effect of what was happening, blocked the trial of Goodson from continuing.

By the time Mosby presented her own request to delay the trial, because she now views the case as impossible to continue without Porter’s testimony, the entire issue became moot; recognized as such by Judge Barry Williams.

This halt effectively stops all prosecutions from going forward until the underlying legal issues surrounding Porter’s constitutional rights are clarified. This process will likely take several months; and as Mosby has now admitted – if the state loses their appeal, they will simultaneously lose the case(s) against Officer Goodson and Officer White.

In short, without Porter, the state is claiming the entire construct of their prosecution map collapses. Millions spent, tens of thousands of legal hours wasted, multiple court dockets for other cases delayed, and for what? Nothing.

This is exactly what happens when political cases run into the rules of the judiciary.

[…] Prosecutors and the officers’ defense attorneys are forbidden from discussing the case because of a gag order imposed by Williams. Williams — who is presiding over the trials of all six officers — briefly took the bench Monday morning to note the stay by the appeals court and to place Goodson’s trial in recess. Williams noted the prosecution’s request for a continuance but said that the request was “moot,” given the stay ordered by the appeals court. Goodson’s attorneys had objected to a continuance, asking for his trial to go forward this week, Williams said. (link)

*Note* The cases against officers’ Rice, Nero and Miller are even weaker.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224401,"Internet researcher Katica has again discovered the FBI quietly, and without explanation, just released another batch of documents from the “ongoing” FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email use and classified information. This is release #6, and interestingly this release is titled “part 06 of 06” so there might not be any more. However, this batch is quite a bit more interesting.

The Super-Bowl weekend release is not a document dump; it surfaces as more of a leak than an official release – this is the same way release #5 surfaced. Katica has an archive notification set-up to alert when the FBI host data site is changed or updated –SEE HERE– Like release #5, the #6 release is not visible directly, but is downloadable to review –SEE HERE– It’s weird how they are doing this; whoever “they” are.

“Why aren’t the Patriots 50 points ahead you might ask?”… Well, we have downloaded the data and uploaded it into a visible pdf format embed below. Here’s a few quick glance notes some of the more interesting pages.

♦ Pages 11 and 12, outline an interview conducted as an outcome of a “walk in” to the FBI office by a long-term government official inside the Department of State who provided physical evidence and gave a statement.

♦ Page 55 is really interesting because it shows the results of a forensic examination on July 15th 2016 which discovered 1,539 work related emails between Clinton and Huma Abedin that were not turned over to the State Department. The 7/15/16 date is important because this discovery was AFTER FBI Director James Comey gave the press conference stating the FBI did not -at that time- have evidence to support a criminal finding.

♦ Page 80 Justin Cooper surfaces again. Some people suspect Cooper was cooperating with the FBI for much longer than it originally appeared. I agree with that suspicion.

♦ Page 122 Interview Notes that appear to be related to page 80 (JC).

♦ Page 130/131 Interview notes from a [REDACTED] caller (annoyingly redacted).

♦ Page 139 Appears to be interview notes related to the discovery of Paul Combetta aka “Stonetear” on Reddit. Date of interview November 17th 2016, post election.

♦ Pages 150+ there are multiple pages of hand written interview notes by the FBI investigators. Based on the notes, it appears some of these latter FBI interviews were quite lengthy.

HERE is the full release in a 178 page readable and sharable pdf format:

.

Feel free to use the comments section for your review and notes. Oh, and thanks in advance for people who can read that chicken scratch FBI handwriting in places.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125968,"Some, well, actually eight Treepers want the research on Mark O’Mara to stop. They include: Mwsomerset, bill, M4, Labrat, Stephaufla, ejarra, Sandy, raiikun, and CleaningMyGun specifically. Four more apparently think it is a waste of time, they include: CiGuy, Chirality, Risefrombelow and Freedom Patriot.

So in essence that’s twelve people who think O’Mara is a solid attorney for George Zimmerman. There are probably a few more unknown. Fair enough.

Question: Imagine we are at war. We are on an aircraft carrier and we have been told we are headed to battle. What good does it do for us to muster in the Combat Ops planning room preparing our plans for an island assault strategy when the captain of the ship is steaming forward in a different direction?

All the conversational planning in the world ain’t gonna help us when we arrive at a divergent destination than we anticipated. That’s why it’s kinda important to know exactly who is steering the ship, where it is headed, and what to expect. No?

To borrow a thought from Gretchen: Some here are willingly blinded by the luminescence of a “very experienced and competent criminal trial lawyer” a constant refrain among those who defend Mark O’Mara.

Mark O’Mara’s manifold errors have been exposed and blogged about here, in detail I might add, yet do not seem to make an impression. One must not look at the growing mountain of FACTS, but must seek to fixate on one thing or another that bolsters a particular viewpoint, apparently. (more)

“a very experienced and competent criminal trial lawyer”?

FACTS:

FACT – Mark O’Mara discussed the case with Mark Najame who recommended him to the Zimmerman family on April 9th.

FACT – Mark O’Mara was aware of GeorgeZimmerman.com on Tuesday April 10th.

FACT – Mark O’Mara officially took the case on Wed April 11th., the same day George was arrested. He told CNN “I intend to get up to speed quickly.”

FACT – In the time period between April 11th and April 23rd (When George left jail on bond) Mark O’Mara conducted 68 media interviews, held 5 pressers, and appeared on TV 42 different times. Yet did not have enough time to discuss the PayPal Defense Account with his client?

FACT – According to Mark O’Mara himself, every time Mark O’Mara has asked George Zimmerman a question he has been honest, direct and forthcoming in all his responses. So are we to accept that Mark O’Mara just didn’t ask the right questions, and still consider him….competent?

FACT – Mark O’Mara was responsible for prepping his client for the bond hearing. Including financial disclosure testimony. He is the attorney, he’s the professional. It’s his job. Yet, everyone blames George who never spoke a word about it.

FACT – Mark O’Mara was responsible for prepping his client’s wife for discussions of finances for the bond hearing and “indigency status,” Mark O’Mara was responsible to walk her through any conversation and assist her in answering questions. Yet, everyone blames Shellie.

OPINION – Mark O’Mara was solely responsible for positioning his client in a compromised status regarding the bond hearing by his failure to fully debrief and prepare.

FACT – After finding out about the PayPal money on April 26th (day after GZ bonded out) O’Mara could have filed an update/corrective motion with the court to notify and correct prior testimony and avoid perjury charge. He didn’t.

FACT – Mark O’Mara could have told Judge Lester right away about the discovered money. Instead he chose to go on CNN and tell Anderson Cooper 4/26. Lester found out from TV, and then O’Mara told him the following day 4/27. Priorities?

FACT – Mark O’Mara received the passport from GZ on April 26th, placed it in his briefcase planning to give to the prosecution along with the notification motion. He didn’t. Instead he kept custody of the Passport from April 26th through to June 1st and only notified the court of the issue after the prosecution used the passport to create the deceptive intent conspiracy theory, on the date of the bond revocation hearing June 1. Competent?

FACT – The media ran with the passport conspiracy theory 24/7 fueled by Scheme Team. O’Mara did what to diffuse? One, count it, o.n.e TV interview where he described the problem he created (see video).

FACT – Mark O’Mara never brought up his mistake at the second bond hearing and the deceptive passport issue was again considered by Judge Lester during his deliberations and ultimately his $$1 million bond decision stemming from the 2nd bond hearing? Competent?

FACT – Mark O’Mara is a defense attorney representing a client claiming justified self-defense, yet he goes on TV and says that Stand Your Ground laws are “absurd”. If I am the prosecution I just wait ’til he has presented his case and then lead off my rebuttal with the video of him saying Stand Your Ground is Absurd ! That’s “Competent”?

FACT – On April 16th Mark O’Mara released the following media statement: “I look forward to having a conversation with [Trayvon Martin’s mother] to see exactly what her feelings are on it. Obviously it was a horrible intersection of two young men’s lives and it ended in tragedy. We have to figure out how it happened, why it happened, and who might be responsible for it.” Advocate?

FACT – Mark O’Mara publicly tells the media that Shellie Zimmerman “lied“, and George “misrepresented himself to the court,” and now needs to have his “credibility rehabilitated.” The very credibility he is charged with guarding. With friends like that, who needs enemies?

FACT – On the day of the Bond Revocation Hearing the first O’Mara heard of the Jailhouse tapes was in the motion he received that morning. Legally he could have requested a continuance or delay in hearing due to prosecutions last-minute defense notification. He did not. He chose to put his clients at risk by being unprepared.

FACT – Mark O’Mara waived George’s right to a speedy trial.

FACT – The State has missed every statutory deadline for discovery, yet Mark O’Mara has never once called them out on it, asked the court to compel release, or even sounded as if he wants to get it with a sense of urgency.

FACT – Mark O’Mara spent $$40,000 on paid expert witness testimony at the second bond hearing only to have the judge rule ” ”the presentation of evidence […] is of limited relevance“… So his defenders say he did it for public opinion. How’d that work out?

FACT – Mark O’Mara says of the 911 calls: “the tape that has the person screaming for help”…. “the person,” does he not believe the voice is George?

Opinion based on facts – Mark O’Mara is the cause of George Zimmerman losing his credibility in the eyes of the court. The only question is: Is it purposeful, or accidental?

If this is all on purpose then, well, GZ is screwed and he’s not a “very experienced and competent criminal trial lawyer”?

If it’s all accidental, well, GZ is still screwed and no-one should be spouting off about him being a “very experienced and competent criminal trial lawyer”?

And if he’s not a “very experienced and competent criminal trial lawyer”, then what the hell are people doing wanting him to stay on the case.?

What are those twelve people factually seeing that I am missing?

Through his own actions Mark O’Mara has specifically undercut his clients position and defense strategy, he has weakened his own defense, he has compromised his client, and quite frankly, publicly continues to talk in terms as if his client was guilty of a crime. Oh, and lets not forget it is now July 9th and not one time has Mark O’Mara EVER said his client is innocent, or not guilty. Not once. EVER.

Why for the love of God would anyone want to keep him on this case?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132240,"It’s bad enough to know confirmation exists of Al Shabbab Islamic terrorists having crossed the U.S. Mexico border; but to know we are allowing immigration through traditional processes is, well, beyond alarming.

Several dozen suspected terrorist bombmakers, including some believed to have targeted American troops, may have mistakenly been allowed to move to the United States as war refugees, according to FBI agents investigating the remnants of roadside bombs recovered from Iraq and Afghanistan.

(Via ABC News) Two al Qaeda-Iraq terrorists were discovered living as refugees in Kentucky in 2009. The men later admitted in court that they’d attacked U.S. soldiers in Iraq, ABC News reported.

The investigation showed that Waad Ramadan Alwan was mistakenly allowed to resettle in Bowling Green, home to Western Kentucky University and very close to the Army’s Fort Knox and Fort Campbell.

Alwan and another Iraqi refugee living there, Mohanad Shareef Hammadi, had been detained during the war by Iraqi authorities, federal prosecutors told ABC News.

Stunningly, federal officials said Alwan lived in public housing across the street from a school bus stop, and collected public assistance payouts.

Alwan was secretly taped by the FBI bragging about building a dozen or more bombs in Iraq and used a sniper rifle to kill American soldiers in the Bayji area north of Baghdad.

“He said that he had them ‘for lunch and dinner,’” recalled FBI Louisville Supervisory Special Agent Tim Beam, “meaning that he had killed them.”

The two men were also linked to an IED attack in Iraq in 2005 that killed four U.S. troops.

In all, there are more than 70,000 Iraqi war refugees in the U.S., the report noted.

ABC News reported that Homeland Security spokesperson Peter Boogaard said in a statement that the U.S. government “continually improves and expands its procedures for vetting immigrants, refugees and visa applicants, and today [the] vetting process considers a far broader range of information than it did in past years.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129047,"Yesterday I saw the interview with Neil Cavuto on Fox where Huckabee said the ad Newt was running about a “dishonest Romney” was unfair because it showed a clip of Huckabee “out of context”. Huckabee proclaimed that he was never referring to Romney when he said:

If a man is dishonest to obtain a job, he’ll be dishonest on the job…

Again, Mike Huckabee specifically stated that he was NOT talking about Mitt Romney with this quote. He called the Gingrich ad dishonest. (The quote is being run as part of a pro-Newt Gingrich ad). Who’s dishonest? Who is the liar? You decide….

Why are so many Republicans willing to sell their soul to protect Romney? Why are so many Republicans willing to lie, obfuscate, manipulate, sell out and lose their reputations on behalf of Mitt Romney? I have no idea.

Professor Jacobson has more on the subject

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129924,"(DougRoss)…With each batch of documents exposed by new Freedom of Information requests, the case for Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan’s recusal — or perhaps even impeachment — becomes more clear.

Internal Justice Department email communications made just days before the House of Representatives passed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act show that then-Solicitor General Elena Kagan was brought into the loop as DOJ began preparing to respond to an anticipated legal complaint that Mark Levin and the Landmark Legal Foundation were planning to file against the act if the House used a procedural rule to “deem” the bill passed even if members never directly voted on it. In another internal DOJ email communication that same week, Kagan alerted the chief of DOJ’s Office of Legal Counsel to the constitutional argument that a former U.S. Appeals Court judge was making against the use of this rule.

During her confirmation process four months later, Kagan asserted in writing that she had neither been asked her opinion nor offered any view or comments regarding “the underlying legal or constitutional issues related to any proposed health care legislation, including but not limited to [PPACA], or the underlying legal or constitutional issues related to potential litigation resulting from such legislation“.

Kagan answered both questions: “No.”

And the emails appear to prove that she lied under oath.

A federal law—28 U.S.C 455—says that a Supreme Court justice must recuse from “any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned” or if he “expressed an opinion concerning the merits of the particular case in controversy” while he “served in governmental employment.”

Even more troubling is the fact that the Holder Justice Department is redacting documents and even withholding critical evidence of Kagan’s relationship with the defense of Obamacare.

Solicitor General Elena Kagan’s email to acting Office of Legal Counsel Chief David Barron carried this subject line: “Health care q” … The text said: “Did you seee [sic] michael mcConnell piece in the wsj?” Barron emailed back to Kagan: ‘YES—HE IS GETTING IT GOING.” …[On] March 18, 2010, Katyal extended [another Obamacare] email chain by responding to Perrelli and carbon copying the messages to his own boss, Elena Kagan. This new email was all about the Levin-Landmark Legal Foundation draft complaint against the prospective health-care law. It noted some of Katyal’s initial analysis of the anticipated constitutional challenge. The subject line was now: “RE: Health Care.” … “Tom, I was just looking at the draft complaint by Landmark Legal Foundation,” Katyal wrote to Perrelli and Kagan. “It is clearly written to be filed when the House approves the reconciliation bill and before the President signs it. See paras 15-17.” …What was in the redacted text of this DOJ email? In a document that the Justice Department provided to the federal court in response to the MRC-Judicial Watch FOIA suit, DOJ gave this general description of the material that had been redacted here: “The redacted information contains a Department of Justice (DOJ) attorney’s thoughts, before the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was passed, on what categories of legal arguments may arise and should be prepared in the anticipated lawsuit referenced in the email exchange.” Another email chain that DOJ has released to CNSNews.com as a result of the FOIA lawsuit was sent by Katyal to Kagan on June 15, 2010. That was thirteen day before Kagan appeared in the Senate Judiciary Committee for her Supreme Court confirmation hearings. Approximately an entire page—apparently the text of another person’s email that Katyal was forwarding to Kagan–has been redacted from this email chain. The subject line on Katyal’s email to Kagan is: “Fw: connecting you two” Here, Katyal describes for Kagan a conversation he had about her with Attorney General Eric Holder… “Fyi,” Katyal writes Kagan. ““Also AG just told me that he expects a big story out shortly about whether you are recused in health care litigation. I went over the timing and that you have been walled off from Day One.” But was Kagan “walled off” from health-care litigation on March 16, 2010, the day she sent an email to acting OLC chief David Barron, alerting him to Michael McConnell’s op-ed challenging the Slaughter Rule? Was she “walled off” on March 18, 2010, when Katyal carbon-copied her on an email outlining his preliminary analysis of the draft Levin-Landmark Legal Foundation complaint against Obamacare? …Barron responded to CNSNews.com’s questions via email. “I do not have a comment,” he said… [and] Katyal did not respond to any of the emails or the voice mail message [sent by CNS]. …The Justice Deparment has thus far refused to comply with the Judiciary Committee’s request. …In a statement to CNSNews.com, Mark Levin asked “where is the evidence” that Kagan was in fact “walled off” from health-care matters when she was solicitor general… “I served in the Justice Department, including as chief of staff to Attorney General Edwin Meese,” Levin told CNSNews.com. “It simply is not credible to argue that Kagan, as the top litigator at Justice and for the nation, would not have been informed about and commented on the legal strategies involving the most important constitutional and policy issue not only in the Obama administration, but in several decades of American history. “If she had been ‘walled off’ from the matter, where is the evidence for that?” said Levin. “Who was the gatekeeper? In fact, the emails demonstrate that her subordinates were ensuring that she was kept informed about events and potential legal issues, including Landmark’s draft complaint, which was prepared to challenge the Slaughter rule and then-Speaker Pelosi’s attempt (albeit abandoned) to bypass the Constitution’s law-making requirements. At a minimum, it does not appear that Kagan was forthright during her confirmation testimony about the extent to which she was kept apprised of Obamacare.”

It is clear that Kagan was directly involved with Obamacare.

Should she not recuse herself, she should face an impeachment trial.

As should Eric Holder.

There has never been an administration as lawless as this one, and I’m including the Nixon and Harding presidencies in my analysis.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223604,If you didn’t read the Part-V explainer of how we got to this point in congressional history stop and go read it. This stuff is all connected and cannot be absorbed without a thorough understanding of motives behind the advancing … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131628,"The mainstream media thinks the Tea Party movement is yesterday’s news. The Establishment doesn’t think the voice of the grassroots matters anymore. Both groups are wrong. Find out how the Tea Party is just getting started and why 2012 will be the movement’s biggest year yet. Log onto http://www.ElectionDayTeaParty.com to find out what’s really next.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128841,"And you know who this is going to help… 😀

(Politico)…RuPaul, the world’s most famous drag queen, is on his way to the Red Arrow Diner in New Hampshire to spread his message. What would that message be? The host of “RuPaul’s Drag Race” would like to promote a little love and remind folks in The Granite State that he is not 2012 candidate Ron Paul.

RuPaul explained to POLITICO: “I’m going to N.H. on a mission to spread love and set the record straight: contrary to recent reports, I am NOT Ron Paul. And I am not running for president of the United States. I hope to meet Ron Paul in person so we can be seen together to put the rumors to rest once and for all. And to remind Mr. Paul and all the Republican presidential candidates ‘if you can’t love yourself, how in the hell are you going to love somebody else. Can I get an ‘Amen?’”

RuPaul described himself in a press release as “not a political person by nature,” but added, “any time a man leaves the house in a wig and a pair of cha cha heels, he’s making a political statement. Let us not forget that this great nation was founded by a bunch of men wearing wigs.”

If you’re up in New Hampshire and interested in RuPaul’s message, one probably delivered in very high heels, he will be at the famous diner at 9 a.m. on Jan. 7.

Oh, and in case you’re wondering, RuPaul does have a show to promote. Season 4 of “RuPaul’s Drag Race” premieres on Jan. 30 on Logo.

What we’re wondering is if RuPaul meets Ron Paul, will he sing his famous “Supermodel (You Better Work)” song? Here’s a sample lyric: “I see your picture everywhere, a million dollar derriere. And when you walked into the room, you had everybody’s eyes on you.”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132966,"How did we know this was going to happen….. Pure Example Of Taqiyya …. . (Al Mutarjim) — The barbaric attack by a Palestinian Muslim on a Jewish family living in the West Bank settlement of Itamar on Saturday has been widely reported. Five innocent people–two parents and three of their children–were savagely stabbed to death in their sleep. On the English section of the website of the al-Qassam Brigades, the armed wing of Hamas, there was only the following short statement, denying any responsibility on the part of Hamas for the attack: (GRAPHIC IMAGE WARNING)FIC:

Palestinian National Movement Hamas official Ezzat Al-Rashak said that the movement is not responsible for the murder of the five family members from the Itamar settlement. Al-Rashak confirmed that harming children is not part of Hamas’ policy, nor is it the policy of the resistance factions. He also confirmed that the possibility that the incident was carried out by settlers for criminal motives should not be ruled out. [emphasis added]

But on the Arabic section of the website, an article was published praising the attacker as a ‘mujahid’ and deriding the slain Jews as “Zionist usurpers.” What’s worse, at the time I checked there were 34 comments on the article posted by readers, all praising the attack and the attacker (I translated the first 17 or so). Curiously, while the Hamas statement in the English article raised the possibility of the act being carried out by settlers, in the Arabic article there’s no doubt that the attacker was a Palestinian ‘mujahid’.

Keep in mind that this is the same Hamas that CAIR refuses to condemn:

Five Zionists Killed in Stabbing in the Usurper (Settlement) of Itamar al-Qassam, 12 March 2011 Five Zionist usurpers were killed the morning of Saturday, 12 March 2011, in a knife-stabbing carried out by a Palestinian in the usurper (settlement) of Itamar east of the city of Nablus. Our correspondent in Nablus reported that a Palestinian mujahid was able to break into the usurper (settlement) of “Itamar” south of Nablus in the occupied (West) Bank, and stabbed five Zionist usurpers. (read more) Zionist media sources said that “A Palestinian broke into the usurper (settlement) between the hours of 9:30 – 11:00 PM, and killed five usurpers from one family while they were sleeping.” They confirmed that the perpetrator of the act was able to escape.

The family has given permission to show these photographs so that civilized men understand what the Jews face from their Islamic enemies. (This is the first time the people of Israel have granted such permission). The world ignores the Jewish dead; what choice did they have? Please forgive me for publishing these pictures, but we live in the modern age of the barbarian — and the media, the political elites and the chattering class scrub, and in some cases glamorize, the savagery of these bloodthirsty anti-humans.

3 year Old Elad Fogel

When I see today the response from Obama (see below), I am sickened. Physically sickened, and Angry. VERY ANGRY. How can you place the blame for such horrid barbaric action upon the feet of the victim. Obama should be ASHAMED. I am ashamed he calls himself my president. HE IS NOT. !! My humanity exceeds his political aspirations. P.E.R.I.O.D.

﻿JERUSALEM (AP) — The U.S. Embassy said Monday it was “deeply concerned” by Israeli plans to build hundreds of new homes in West Bank settlements, calling the Israeli enclaves “illegitimate” and an obstacle to resuming direct talks between Israel and the Palestinians.

In a defiant response to a deadly attack on a settler family over the weekend, Israel swiftly approved the construction of between 300 and 500 new homes in major West Bank settlement blocks. Jewish settlement construction is at the crux of the current impasse in peace efforts. “They murder, we build,” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday during a condolence call to the grieving family. Palestinian militants are presumed to have carried out the assault.

The plans for new construction infuriated Palestinians, and together with the attack that killed parents and three of their children, drove prospects for renewed peacemaking even further out of reach. A Netanyahu aide said the Israeli government informed the U.S. — which has been toiling with little success to break the negotiations deadlock — of the decision. “We’re deeply concerned by continuing Israeli actions on settlements in the West Bank,” the statement from the U.S. Embassy said. “As we said before, we view these settlements as illegitimate and as running counter to efforts to resume direct negotiations.” (more)

Israel should tell Obama (“The Muslim in Chief”) to Go to Hell.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45026,"Once again the act of Twitter Shadow-Banning has surfaced, only this time it is against U.S. Presidential Candidate Donald Trump. Breitbart has the story HERE Here’s the video message Twitter is blocking: As you digest the reality of a social … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133341,"Good enough for me but not for thee. Chicago has the most restrictive gun laws in the nation – of course the thugs were surprised, they don’t normally encounter armed resistance because their victims are barred from being allowed to defend themselves. … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124563,"This is a repeat today. It may actually be a three-peat. If you need another to read, check the drop menu and search categories under Mailboxes and Old Barns and pick an alternative. The morning glories in bloom on our … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121273,"Earlier today President Donald Trump and South Korea’s President Moon Jae-In held a traditional press availability in the Oval Office.

The mob of media rushing into the Oval Office was extreme. President Trump and security can be heard/seen saying: “easy fella’s, go easy”, as the journalists, photographers and boom mic operators all clamored for position.

Unfortunately as this media mob swarmed the room they slammed into the couches which pushed one of the end tables knocking over a lamp next to the President. Fortunately President Trump’s personal bodyguard Keith Schiller was in position and quickly caught the lamp.

Sheesh. Watch:

.

Way to go Keith.

Someone needs to have a talk with these media people about having some respect and courtesy. These people are out of control. Sheesh, what a frenzy.

Welcome to the Oval Office pic.twitter.com/WUcIsjyYem — Dan Scavino Jr. (@Scavino45) June 30, 2017

Here’s another angle from a later media report on the incident:

.

There’s an MSNBC Hot mic at the conclusion where you can hear journalists saying: “this shit is nuts … that guy was assaulting me” etc.

.

CLIP: President Trump's bodyguard Keith Schiller catches lamp in Oval Office during visit with South Korean President Moon. pic.twitter.com/Al94l9oEbl — CSPAN (@cspan) June 30, 2017

.@POTUS welcomes #ROK President Moon Jae-in to the @WhiteHouse and provides opening remarks at a joint press conference. pic.twitter.com/on1WF4ApdR — Department of State (@StateDept) June 30, 2017

NEW: South Korean President Moon says President Trump will visit South Korea this year pic.twitter.com/oz1bPG0kJY — Trey Yingst (@TreyYingst) June 30, 2017

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123249,"Sybrina Fulton, the “modern Rosa Parks“, has arrived in Baltimore. She spoke to the media yesterday with Reverend Jamal Bryant (on her left).

Irrelevant Question: Can anyone read (or has anyone seen additional pictures etc.) the hand-made poster over her left shoulder that is headlined with “[Black Officer]”?

↑ Click To Enlarge ↓

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223296,"It would appear that the BGI Narrative Weavers are still singing from the same sheet of music.

Going through media reports it appears that familiar actors and entities have quickly inserted themselves into the confrontation, deliberately driving a local issue national. (Sound familiar?)

The rallying point for the BGI foot soldiers in the media and attendant “Social Justice” entities seems to be the viral video of bikini-clad Dajerria Becton being subdued by police after repeatedly ignoring specific instructions to disperse and leave the area.

Many people seem to be mystified how this incident quickly became the top story on major news networks. To those who have followed the evolution of the Narrative, it isn’t surprising.

Enter a familiar face: The National Bar Association.

The National Bar Association, a network of predominantly African-American attorneys, judges and law professors, called for Casebolt’s immediate firing.

“It is insufficient to place him on paid administrative leave, when it is obviously clear that this officer was not enforcing the law, but instead was enforcing his will and power and showing explicit bias towards these African-American teenagers,” the Washington, D.C.-based group said. “The girl is obviously in distress and not in any manner moving or attempting to get away from the officer. She posed no physical threat to the officer.”

However, not everyone actually on the scene who witnessed the interaction first hand agrees with the BGI /National Bar Association manufactured narrative:

Some witnesses in the neighborhood disagreed.

“He grabbed her arm and tried to handcuff her, and she was resisting immediately and she should’ve just stopped at that point,” one white woman, who declined to be identified on camera, told the Fox affiliate. “They were just doing the right thing when these kids were fleeing and using profanity and threatening security guards.”

Becton’s umbrage seems to stem from her belief that she told the officer how to act, and he improperly ignored her commands to him, instead continuing to escalate use of force as she continued to defy his lawful orders:

“He grabbed me, twisted my arm on my back and shoved me in the grass and started pulling the back of my braids,” Becton said. “I was telling him to get off me because my back was hurting bad.”

The ultimate goal in this Narrative doesn’t seem to be just money, or the show of political force by having white LEO who are doing their jobs physically threatened and losing their livelihood.

Becton, though, said she wouldn’t be satisfied with Casebolt’s termination.

“Him getting fired is not enough,” she said.

Enter stage left, another familiar group: the Soros front group NY-based ColorofChange, co-founded by Van Jones. ColorofChange were instrumental in leveraging the Trayvon Martin shooting to end the Stop-and-Frisk policing policy.

The organization’s new Executive Director, Rashad Robinson, is an experienced Narrative weaver . Before moving to ColorOfChange in 2011, he was the Senior Director of Programs for the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD).

“We strongly urge local officials and Collin County District Attorney to fire Officer Casebolt and charge him with assault and battery. No person who treats another human being, let alone children, in such an abusive, life-threatening manner can be a police officer. All of the officers present at the Craig Ranch pool, who stood by and allowed this police violence to take place must be held accountable and an independent investigation by the Department of Justice should be launched into the McKinney PD. True change begins with accountability.”

And just in case anyone was still unsure as to whether this “outrage” was manufactured or coordinated, the Narrative about “white space” was forefront:

Dehumanizing racial stereotypes about Black girls and boys as ‘inherently wrong’ and ‘out of place’ in white spaces continues to rule the daily lives of Black people.

Robinson was also behind the “hold all officers accountable” campaign to demonize the Ferguson Police force in the Michael Brown confrontation.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
13417,"… because he says: “Make America Great Again”! And when Trump says that I hear:

Someone who gives a damn about America, without apology; which is more valuable to me than a perfected highly-rehearsed skill set of 30 second sound bites and white paper policy instructions.

From my perspective any average hard-working American could eat every one of these pinky ring candidates’ lunches, all of them; and if they want to go down the intellectual superiority path… well, that stuff is useless.

Florida Power and Light won the prestigious International Edward Demming award for excellence in multi-platform engineering and efficiency superiority. They didn’t blow every PhD intellectual out of the water with slide rules, CAD programs and engineering acumen. They did it with hard hats and dirty fingernails.

Because they lost the award, the Japanese spent 6 months studying FPL and later published a 1,000 page dissertation essentially saying FPL “wasn’t really good, they were just lucky”….. FPL field leadership laughed, took out markers and wrote on the back of their hard hats: “WE’RE NOT GOOD, WE’RE RUCKY”….

When every single Kuwaiti oil field was blown up by Saddam Hussein, they said it would take 5 years to cap them all off and restart their oil pumping industry. The Kuwaiti’s and Saudi’s called Texans, who had them all capped and back in working order in 6 months.

We are a nation that knows how to get shit done.

When the Northern Chile mine workers were trapped two miles underground, they said no-one could save them. Who did they call for help? A bunch of hick miners from USA coal country who went down there, worked on the fly, engineered the rescue equipment on site, and saved everyone of them….

That’s our America.

When a half-breed Islamic whack job, armed with an AK-47 and a goal to meet his seven virgins, began opening fire on a train in France, the Americans on board didn’t run to the nearest safe room and hide themselves amid baguettes and brie. They said “let’s go”, and beat the stuffing out of that little nut with a death wish.

Legion d’Honneur or not, that’s us. That’s just how we roll.

Lady Liberty can stroll along the Champs-Elysées with a swagger befitting Mae West because without her arrival they’d be speaking German in the Louvre. Yet for the better part of the past decade a group of intellectual something-or-others have been teaching an insufferable storyline that it’s better to be sitting around a campfire eating sustainable algae cakes and picking parasites off each other.

Enough.

When I hear Donald Trump say “Let’s Make America Great Again”, I also hear the familiar echo “cowboy up” people.

It’s high time we stop being embarrassed about our exceptional nature, and start being proud of it again. Because when it matters most, when it really counts, when it’s really needed, there’s a whole bunch of people all around this world of ours that are mighty happy when swagger walks in to solve their problems.

Yeah, “let’s make America great again”. Swagger on !",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224617,"Running out of other people’s money….

(Reuters) – Chicago drew closer to a fiscal free fall on Friday with a rating downgrade from Moody’s Investors Service that could trigger the immediate termination of four interest-rate swap agreements, costing the city about $$58 million and raising the prospect of more broken swaps contracts.

The downgrade to Baa2, just two steps above junk, and a warning the rating could fall further still, means the third-biggest U.S. city could face even higher costs in the future if banks choose to terminate other interest-rate hedges against fluctuations in interest rates.

All told, Chicago holds swaps contracts covering $$2.67 billion in debt, according to a disclosure late last year.

“This is an unfortunate wake-up call for anyone still asleep over the fiscal cliff facing the city of Chicago,” said Laurence Msall, president of the Chicago-based government finance watchdog, The Civic Federation. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125213,"When I was a punk teen and twenty-something, I did drugs, dealt drugs, debased women, burglarized homes and was kicked out of both high school and college for my behavior. When I was sixteen-years-old, I was arrested on Mother’s Day for stealing water skis and was placed on probation.

This essay by Doug Giles appears today in Townhall.

Who’d a thunk it? He reminds young punks and their families and friends that there is a connection between action and reaction, either in this world, or the one that comes after, sooner or later. And if a teen is killed as a result of his misdeeds, nobody should gussy up his reputation, or shift blame to someone else, or blame the killer for his death.

Doug Giles (the father of Hannah Giles, who, with James O’Keefe, busted Acorn), confesses the misdeeds of his youth:

I was not an “innocent teen, full of potential.” I was full of something all right, but it wasn’t potential. I was a piece of teenage, criminal crap. I chose to break the law. I chose alcohol and drug use and abuse. I chose to be an idiot and to emulate fools. I chose to disappoint my family, my country and my God. I was hell on two skinny legs and I had no one to blame but myself.

Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, and others like them are responsible in their “communities” for the perpetuation of violent crime, drug use, alcoholism, sexual promiscuity, and a general lack of responsibility. The death of a young man like Trayvon Martin is always a “tragedy”, removed from its cause by magic at the moment of his death. This “magic” is not confined to the black community, by any means, though it seems to have become matter-of-fact there.

If a black man speaks the truth about life in the ghetto, he is called names like “Uncle Tom” or “House Nigger”. A white man who speaks the truth is called a “racist”. So it is that our politicians either stand silent, or perpetuate the myths.

Doug Giles continues:

If I would have died of an overdose or from a crime that I had committed, I would hope to God that no one would stand over my casket and blame other people, or culture, or lack of education, or my neighborhood, or some other people group because that stuff was all on me. I would hope my life would have become a proverb, a veritable deterrent to aberrant behavior. Look, young thugs, you can fault a gazillion things in life for why you do what you do and the media, reverends, activists and the press can run posthumous interference for you, gussying up your sullied past. But that doesn’t change the eternal fact that God is going to hold you personally responsible for your actions; and you cannot BS him.

Continue reading at Townhall….

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133342,"Earlier in the week we shared with you the story of a large riot in Tampa Florida at the state fair. Now the County Sheriff, David Gee, is coming under fire for sending a letter to members of his appointed Black Advisory Council for help.

The Black community is outraged the sheriff would have the audacity to point out the identical racial profiles of the people involved in the riot. How dare he….

TAMPA (FOX 13) – New video released Tuesday by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office shows the start of what would become a massive stampede of rowdy students at the Florida State Fair that led to dozens of ejections and several arrests.

The video was shot by a vendor and handed over to investigators as they try to identify victims and make more arrests in connection to the organized stampede known as “wilding.”

“It’s more of a giant stampede, and that’s kind of the beginning of it that you see on that video,” explained Col. Jim Previtera. “It does give a brief glimpse of what ‘wilding’ looks like.”

[…] Sheriff David Gee, meanwhile, sent a letter to leaders in the African American community, asking for their help.

“I am concerned that the overwhelming number of youth and young adults arrested or ejected from the midway for misconduct were African American,” Gee wrote in the letter.

James Cole Responds: […] “I’m not ready to say whether it’s fair or not when the sheriff points out the specific demographic of African Americans,” Cole said. “I think from the video, they try to make a call that this looked like the concentration of who we’re working with. Our job is to make sure that when a group has been identified that there’s still equity across the board as far as getting resources to them, making sure that we’re doing what we can on the front end to prevent this from happening, and they’re not just being identified for the purpose of saying, ‘they’re a problem.'” (continue reading)

*Note who is CC’d in the letter from Gee – Thomas Battles (DOJ Community Relations Service) You might remember the name from the manipulated Dream Defenders march last year in Tallahassee around the FL Stand Your Ground law. Insert the name in the site search box to understand the depth of his racial justice agenda.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121469,"…”[Officer] Hazeltine was shot in an “apparent ambush” Thursday (April 16) around 8:30 a.m. while directing traffic in a Paradis school zone”… …”Other deputies were in the area and responded to the shooting, Champagne said. They took the man, whose name has not … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122089,"We’re always astounded with how much success modern liberals have convincing people the divisive, segregationist, and yes -racist- group is always “the other guy”. When the factual truth is that historical, and progressive, liberalism (ie. Democrats) is built on the cornerstones of separation and categorizing people.

Yesterday we shared how Obamacare will group, or pair, patient treatment, by matching the race of the patient with the race of their doctor. Another unfortunate example shines today:

CALIFORNIA – America is already in danger of being separated into sub-sections by the lack of the one necessary element for a unified society – a common language.

Now the Los Angeles Unified School District has decided to take a further step backward by segregating classes by the level of English that students speak. In other words, those who speak fluent English will be grouped together, while those who struggle will be grouped together.

The change was apparently made due to a complaint from the federal Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights, which charged the district with failing to provide adequate services to English-learning students, the L.A. Times said.

Some experts reportedly argue that teachers can better focus instruction with students of similar English proficiency. They also claim that it’s easier to teach proper – or “academic” English – in segregated classes.

But many parents and educators are apparently angry over the new policy, arguing that English-learners catch on more quickly when grouped with children who speak fluent English. If the goal is to get everyone speaking a common language, so everyone can communicate and function in a single, cohesive society, their argument makes total sense.

If the goal is to separate groups of people with insurmountable language barriers, then LAUSD is heading in the right direction. (continue reading)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124712,"Huma Abedin has specific “ties” to the Muslim Brotherhood, this is not in dispute; it is a fact. Huma’s Egyptian mother is an open member of the Muslim Sisterhood. So the answer from DHS Secretary Napolitano is flat-out “false”, or in real … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128799,"SAN ANTONIO (Reuters) – A man arrested on New Years Eve at a Texas airport with explosives is an Army-trained demolitions expert and member of the elite Green Berets who served in Afghanistan and is stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, military officials said on Monday.

Trey Scott Atwater, 30, was being held in the Midland, Texas County Jail on a federal charge of attempting to board an aircraft with an explosive, the FBI said.

He was detained after a routine Transportation Security Administration (TSA) check noticed he had explosives in his carry on luggage while trying to board an American Eagle flight from Midland International Airport to Dallas Saturday morning, according to an FBI statement.

Officials declined to speculate on the reason Atwater had the explosives, which city officials said were in “military grade explosives wrapping” in his bag. “At no time was there any danger to the people at Midland International Airport or the people of Midland Texas,” Mark Morgan, Special Agent in Charge of the El Paso office of the FBI said in a statement.

Michael Martinez, an FBI spokesman in El Paso, declined to say what type of explosive he was carrying, or the quantity of the explosive. It is not known whether he was in uniform at the time. Records show Atwater is a 1999 graduate of a Midland, Texas high school.

The address listed for Atwater in the Midland jail records is the home of Bonnie Atwater, Trey’s mother. A woman who identified herself as Bonnie Atwater at that address told Reuters “I have no comment,” and then hung up the phone.

Lt. Col. Tom Bryant, a spokesman for Army Special Operations Command at Ft. Bragg confirmed that Atwater is an Army Sergeant First Class in the elite Green Berets, assigned as an instructor at the John F. Kennedy Special Warfare Center and School at Ft. Bragg, where he is a member of the Special Forces Engineers.

Bryant told Reuters on Monday Atwater is an engineering and demolitions expert, and in that role would be “comfortable” with explosives, although he did not know whether he would have had explosives on his trip back home to Midland.

“I can’t say if that might have been required,” Bryant said. Bryant confirmed that Atwater recently returned from deployment to Afghanistan. A notice in the Odessa American newspaper in March of 2010 said at that time Atwater was preparing for his third deployment to Afghanistan.

Bryant said Atwater’s arrest had surprised military personnel at Ft. Bragg. “We in the Special Operations Command take pride in upholding the highest standards. The entire team is disappointed,” Bryant said.

The Army is cooperating with the FBI and local authorities in Texas, and he said military punishment is also possible for Atwater, regardless of the outcome of the federal case. (article)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124868,"Stop me when you have heard this before. A 22-year old white guy was riding his bike home from work, minding his own business, when a 16-year-old thug ran up to him and started stabbing him repea…….

CLEARWATER, Fla. – Clearwater Police announced the arrest of 16-year-old Mychal King on Thursday. He is accused in the January murder of Jason Taylor Paul, the city’s first homicide of 2013.

Police said King admitted to killing Paul for no reason other than he had a hard day with his family that night of January 6, and “just wanted to kill the first person he saw.”

Police say 22-year-old Jason Taylor Paul was stabbed multiple times while riding his bike home from work late.

Jason’s parents, John and Renee Langfritz had been distraught since the news of Paul’s death, and desperate for closure, even offering a $$10,000 reward for information.

Renee described her son as an intelligent, loving, funny man. She said his sudden loss has left a hole in the hearts of everyone who knew him.

“This coward, truly a coward, who would leave a young innocent man to die alone in the dark in the middle of the street, must be caught,” she said at the time.

King will be charged with 1st Degree Murder. Detectives say he has a long criminal history and was already in jail on other charges. (read more with video)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122377,"The Ninth Judicial Circuit Solicitor’s Office announced Monday a Charleston County grand jury has indicted Michael Slager on murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott.

Solicitor Scarlett Wilson made the announcement during an 11 a.m. news conference at the Charleston County Solicitor’s Office. Wilson said the grand jury returned the murder indictment against Slager Monday morning.

Murder was the only charge presented to the grand jury to consider for an indictment, Wilson said. The charge carries a sentence of 30 years to life in prison without parole.

A trial date has not yet been set.

Despite outside pressure to remove Wilson from the case, the solicitor said she will not be stepping aside from what will be her first murder case against an officer, and is confident Slager will get a fair trial in Charleston County.

Attorneys and the family of Scott spoke after the news conference, saying the indictment is only the first step. Attorney Chris Stewart said a civil suit will be filed in the next few months.

Scott’s brother, Rodney, said the family is happy with the murder indictment. (link)

Michael Slager’s attorney responded to the news:

[…] Attorney Andy Savage, who is representing Slager, said in a statement the “grand jury is a formal step,” and his office is reviewing the indictment.

Savage’s complete statement is below:

We were informed by the Solicitor that the Grand Jury has indicted Michael Slager on the charge of murder. We do not know what other charge(s) (if any) the GJ considered. We have yet to be provided with the Discovery (state’s investigation) material that we requested some time ago so we remain at a disadvantage in addressing any questions at this time. The GJ is a formal step, but just another step in the criminal process. Until we have an opportunity to fully evaluate the State’s case and to compare it with our own investigation we will not be commenting on any aspect of the case.

[…] Slager was fired from the police department and charged with murder. He is being held in protective custody at the Charleston County Detention Center (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124763,George Zimmerman has created a new website for his followers/supporters to visit (screen shot below): The website is available by CLICKING HERE Thank you for taking the time to visit our website. I want to reach out to each supporter … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121919,"If this report is true, and an alliance is formed, two of the three countries needed to restore the Islamic Caliphate will be partnered. The necessary “trinity” is Iran, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Prediction: If radical Islamist elements in Egypt and Iran align they will turn their collaborative efforts toward destabilizing Saudi.

Yemen below them, Bahrain beside them, and Kuwait above them, are all precariously balanced and ready to tip with minimal effort.

CAIRO (AP) — Egypt’s President Mohammed Morsi will attend a summit in Iran later this month, a presidential official said on Saturday, the first such trip for an Egyptian leader since relations with Tehran deteriorated decades ago.

The visit could mark a thaw between the two countries after years of enmity, especially since Egypt signed its 1979 peace treaty with Israel and Iran underwent its Islamic revolution. Under Morsi’s predecessor Hosni Mubarak, Egypt, predominantly Sunni Muslim, sided with Saudi Arabia and other Sunni-dominated Arab states in trying to isolate Shiite-led Iran.

Until now, contacts have been channeled through interest sections, a low-level form of diplomatic representation. In May last year, Egypt, which was ruled by an interim military council, expelled a junior Iranian diplomat on suspicion he tried to set up spy rings in Egypt and the Gulf countries.

It’s too early to assess the implications of the visit or to what extent the Arab world’s most populous country may normalize relations with Tehran, but analysts believe it will bring Egypt back to the regional political stage. The visit is in line with popular sentiment since Mubarak’s ouster in an uprising last year for Cairo to craft a foreign policy independent of Western or oil Gulf countries’ agendas.

“This really signals the first response to a popular demand and a way to increase the margin of maneuver for Egyptian foreign policy in the region,” said political scientist Mustafa Kamel el-Sayyed. “Morsi’s visits … show that Egypt’s foreign policy is active again in the region.”

“This is a way also to tell Gulf countries that Egypt is not going to simply abide by their wishes and accept an inferior position,” he added.

The official said that Morsi will visit Tehran on Aug. 30 on his way back from China to attend the Non-Aligned Movement Summit, where Egypt will transfer the movement’s rotating leadership to Iran. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not yet authorized to make the announcement. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126314,"Obviously the black grievance industry is furious at the non-indictment.

(Via ABC ) An Ohio Grand Jury has declined to indict two police officers in the death of Tamir Rice, a 12-year-old boy who was shot dead by a Cleveland police officer last year, Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty said today.

McGinty said he also recommended that no charges be filed.

The Grand Jury was not notified of the prosecutor’s recommendation before making its final decision, according to the prosecutor’s office.

Tamir was holding a toy gun when he was shot by officer Timothy Loehmann at a Cleveland playground in November 2014. The grand jury was hearing evidence to determine if any charges would be brought against Loehmann or his partner, Frank Garmback. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223183,"“Based on the evidence developed in this investigation and the recommendation of experienced career prosecutors and supervising attorneys at the Department, we are closing our investigation and will not seek any criminal charges.” ~ Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik

WASHINGTON (AP) — No IRS official would face criminal charges arising from the political controversy over the processing of applications for tax-exempt status, the Justice Department announced Friday.

In a letter to members of Congress, the department said that while investigators had found “mismanagement, poor judgment and institutional inertia,” there was no evidence of a crime.

“We found no evidence that any IRS official acted based on political, discriminatory, corrupt or other inappropriate motives that would support a criminal prosecution,” the letter stated.

The department also announced that Lois Lerner, who headed the division that processes applications for tax-exempt status at the time, would not face any charges.

A firestorm erupted more than two years ago with the release of an inspector general’s audit that said IRS agents had improperly singled out tea party and other conservative groups for extra scrutiny when they applied for tax-exempt status during the 2010 and 2012 elections.

The disclosure set off investigations by the Justice Department and multiple congressional committees.

The House voted to hold Lerner in contempt of Congress last year after she refused to answer questions at two House Oversight Committee hearings. She has since retired. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123247,"In a city of 600,000 residents, that would be $$3,000 per person.

(Via WFB) The city of Baltimore received over $$1.8 billion from President Barack Obama’s stimulus law, including $$467.1 million to invest in education and $$26.5 million for crime prevention.

President Obama claimed last Tuesday that if the Republican-controlled Congress would implement his policies to make “massive investments in urban communities,” they could “make a difference right now” in the city, currently in upheaval following the death of Freddie Gray.

However, a Washington Free Beacon analysis found that the Obama administration and Democratically-controlled Congress did make a “massive” investment into Baltimore, appropriating $$1,831,768,487 though the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA), commonly known as the stimulus.

According to Recovery.gov, one of Baltimore’s central ZIP codes, 21201, received the most stimulus funding in the city, a total of $$837,955,866. The amount included funding for 276 awards, and the website reports that the spending had created 290 jobs in the fourth quarter in 2013.

Of this amount, $$467.1 million went to education; $$206.1 million to the environment; $$24 million to “family”; $$16.1 million to infrastructure; $$15.2 million to transportation; $$11.9 million to housing; and $$3.1 million to job training.

ZIP code 21202 received $$425,170,937, including a $$136 million grant to “improve teaching and learning for students most at risk of failing to meet State academic achievement standards.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33481,"A “Tribute” to the angelic memory of “Teezy Taught Me” Trayvon Martin in Greensboro, North Carolina. Cover Charge? – A bag of Skittles… (no joke)

AT A STRIP CLUB

MSNBC Race-Baiter Toure’ might be, well, upset about the cover charge",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133974,"Funny, this doesn’t look like a “myth” to me….

He [Bessette] remembers getting off the bus, walking down the street and encountering four youths. The next thing Bessette knew, he was sucker-punched in the nose. The world went black, and Bessette woke up on the pavement. And as he did, he heard the youths running away, joking and laughing. (Original Media Link)

At the time of the incident we shared how the Wisconsin media struggle to admit the “Knock Out Attacks” are racially driven. Now CCTV video has emerged:

Here’s The Update – The Wisconsin Free has obtained exclusive video from a security camera of yet another victim of the so-called “Knockout Game,” also known as “Point ‘em Out, Knock ‘em Out.” The latest incident occurred near the Milwaukee Collegiate Academy at 4030 North 29th St. in Milwaukee.

In the video an unknown male is seen entering a sidewalk from a nearby parking lot on Dec. 2 at around 5p.m. What looks to be a group of males is seen following him in an almost stalker like fashion. As the victim approaches the corner, one man breaks away from the group, runs up to the victim, punches him from behind and runs off. The blow is so hard that the victim tumbles forward and collapses into the street. […]

The victim appears to be white male, while the attacker and others in the group appear to be African-American – a repeat of previous attacks in Milwaukee. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224847,The establishment is up in arms over the possibility of Mittens being dealt a defeat in Michigan and beyond. How dare we not support their chosen candidate. We The People are to blame for refusing to accept him. Ben Domenech has written … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224501,"There are billions of Euro’s at Stake, billions….

…and those who hold power are growing increasingly desperate.

(Via Bloomberg) French investigators searched the headquarters of the National Front as part of a probe into whether party leader Marine Le Pen used European Parliament money to pay for jobs related to domestic politics.

In a statement, the party characterized the search as “a media operation whose only goal is to disrupt the smooth operation of” Le Pen’s presidential campaign “at a moment when she’s made major advances in the polls.”

The European Parliament has ordered Le Pen to repay the amount, estimating the improper payments at 336,146 euros ($$357,000). She has refused to give the money back, saying the jobs weren’t fictitious, and has appealed the decision. French prosecutors who got a report from the EU’s anti-fraud office, OLAF, have opened a legal probe of their own.

A year ago, the FN’s offices in Nanterre, a few kilometers west of Paris, were raided as part of the same probe opened by Paris prosecutors in March 2015.

Meanwhile, Monday’s daily OpinionWay poll showed that first-round support the for anti-euro, anti-immigration Le Pen rose 1 percentage point to 27 percent, with independent Emmanuel Macron and Republican Francois Fillon unchanged at 20 percent each. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129051,"Sarah spoke with Judge Jeanine earlier this evening, and she defended Newt and conservatism quite nicely despite a rather dismissive barrage of questioning. She even managed to toss in a nice little slap at Fox news too.

Newt Gingrich – January 28, 2012

“I pledge to you… in the tradition of our founding documents, if you help me next Tuesday and if with your help I become the nominee, and if as nominee we decisively defeat the left at every level, at President, at House, at Senate and local goverments, that I will give you for as long as I am allowed to serve, my life, my fortune and my sacred honor. Together we are going to give our grandchildren the country they deserve, not the country that is currently decaying. Thank you, good luck and God bless you.”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223703,"It is somewhat funny, perhaps quizzically so, that people cannot see the mutually beneficial play amid the strong relationship formed between Donald Trump and Nigel Farage. Essentially and substantively, 2016 geo-political outcomes have become a game of teams: Democratic Nationalists -vs- Totalitarian Globalists.

Toward that end we see the globalist team getting crushed at each electoral occasion: (1. Brexit referendum, 2. Trump election, 3. Italian -Renzi- referendum); and we see the left-wing ideologues flailing around wildly, trying to regain their footing.

The latest visible globalist synergy is leftists within British Parliament blaming Russia for Brexit and Cameron’s defeat, while simultaneously the White House blames Russia for Trump’s victory and Clinton’s defeat. Despite the ridiculous nature of both claims, there is a unified globalist narrative there.

These outcomes are where Trump and Farage became the visible political face of the anti-globalist movement. As a direct result of voters the U.K. is forced to accept Brexit, and at some levels actually attempting to avoid implementing Brexit, ergo the power of a U.S. President (Trump) supporting the Brexit referendum is leverage for Mr. Farage.

Hence, a relationship based on “mutually beneficial leverage”….

UK TELEGRAPH – Nigel Farage visited Donald Trump’s New York headquarters on Thursday night raising further speculation that he could be offered a job by the President-elect.

US political reporters on watch outside Trump Tower in New York confirmed night Mr Farage entered the lift in the skyscraper which takes him to Mr Trump’s office. He left around an hour later without comment.

If, as expected, Mr Farage met with Mr Trump it will have been their third meeting since Mr Trump was elected US President just a month ago.

[…] The extent of contact between Mr Farage and Mr Trump will be intensely frustrating for Theresa May, the Prime Minister, who is yet to meet Mr Trump and has only spoken to him briefly by phone.

If Mr Farage is made an adviser it would mean that Mrs May is forced to deal with the former UK Independence Party leader. (read more)

Epic Golden Winning !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45588,"Lets see if you can guess the religion or ideology. I will post the article below, but edit out the parts that would provide clues. See if you can figure out what his religious belief was. The media will not … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224192,"Earlier today Secretary of State Rex Tillerson delivered a six month update on international policy and ongoing engagements. At the conclusion of the statement he also took questions. Video is HERE and HERE is the transcript:

[Via State Department] SECRETARY TILLERSON: Well, good afternoon, all. And if you’re inquiring about the young assistant with me, I decided maybe if I start naming people to office when they’re eight or nine years old they’ll be of age by the time we can get them through the process. (Laughter.)

But first let me acknowledge and thank Spokeswoman Heather Nauert for the job she’s been doing. I know it’s a – this is a tough transition to make for anyone, and particularly a unique transition to make for her. But Heather’s doing a superb job, from what I can tell. I don’t get to watch her much, but I get feedback from the folks back home who do watch. And Heather, I appreciate everything you’re doing. Thank you so much.

I also want to add my congratulations to Agent Jeremy Miles for his recognition that he’ll receive. It’s a great recognition for the department and for our Diplomatic Security folks as well.

So as Heather indicated, it’s been – sometime over the weekend I think I hit six months since I was confirmed, and I thought it’d be useful to come down here and just talk a little bit about what has happened in the last six months. So I’m going to take a little bit of a walk around the world but also make a few other comments on some things that you might be interested in, and then try to leave some time for questions from you.

Clearly, I think President Trump’s agenda is articulated really in the platform he ran on, “Make America Great Again.” And that’s not just a slogan. I think it’s important that people understand as we deal with the President and in helping him formulate and articulate foreign policy, it is those words, Make America Great Again, that we test our policies against, and how are we representing America’s interest first and foremost. And I think you’ve seen that articulated in many different ways by many different people, but it is what guides our formulation of policy here at the State Department.

I think the President has been clear though that when we say America first it doesn’t mean America alone, and we do value our friends and allies; we value our partners. And we recognize and acknowledge our adversaries and our enemies, and we tend to think about our relationships in those types of terms. But as we have said, America first is not America alone.

We also are wanting to define with our allies and partners what our expectations are, and I think it’s been long overdue that we have that kind of a conversation with others around the world. We have long, longstanding relationships that all of you know well are embedded in shared sacrifice, but more importantly they’re embedded in shared values.

But having said that, a lot of things have happened over the last 50 years, and certainly a lot has happened since the end of the Cold War. And I don’t know that anyone’s ever actually taken a step back and said these relationships that have served us well for so long, are they still going to serve us in the 21st century?

And so a lot of what President Trump is doing is he is challenging without disposing – and I think it’s important that people understand he’s not throwing these things away; he is challenging them for this century. How should we define these relationships to serve the American people’s interest, obviously, first and foremost? But in doing so, I think we’re confident it serves the global interest and the interest of our allies and partners as well.

So I say that to you to kind of position then this little walk I want to take around the world and ask you to kind of think about it that way.

As we came into office, we walked into a number of situations of conflict and threats around the world, and our assessment of the situation required us to make some pretty significant pivots in a different direction than our predecessors were taking. And we think these pivots are necessary to achieve security for the American people, create the conditions for prosperity for the American people. And in doing so, we create better conditions for security and prosperity the world over, and that serves everyone’s interest well.

One of the first threats we were confronted with upon entering office is North Korea, and it was the first policy area that we felt an urgency to deal with. And I think, as many of you have watched over the last several months, that threat has materialized in the ways that we expected it would. And that’s why early on we identified it as a very urgent matter, and the North Koreans have certainly proven the urgency of that to us.

We initiated a sustained and continued intensified campaign on what I like to call peaceful pressure, because the options available to us, I think as all of you well understand, are limited, and particularly if we think we are operating under a short period of time. So we felt the appropriate thing to do first was to seek peaceful pressure on the regime in North Korea to have them develop a willingness to sit and talk with us and others but with an understanding that a condition of those talks is there is no future where North Korea holds nuclear weapons or the ability to deliver those nuclear weapons to anyone in the region much less to the homeland.

In doing so, we’ve sought to partner with China. China does account for 90 percent of economic activity with North Korea. The Chinese have been very clear with us that we share the same objective, a denuclearized Korean Peninsula. They do not see it in their interest for North Korea to have nuclear weapons, just as we do not see it in anyone’s interest. China has ways that they can put pressure on and influence the North Korean regime because of this significant economic relationship that no one else has.

We’ve been very clear with the Chinese we certainly don’t blame the Chinese for the situation in North Korea. Only the North Koreans are to blame for this situation. But we do believe China has a special and unique relationship because of this significant economic activity to influence the North Korean regime in ways that no one else can.

And that’s why we continue to call upon them to use that influence with North Korea to create the conditions where we can have a productive dialogue. We don’t think having a dialogue where the North Koreans come to the table assuming they’re going to maintain their nuclear weapons is productive. So that’s really what the objective that we are about is.

We have reaffirmed our position towards North Korea, that what we are doing, we do not seek a regime change; we do not seek the collapse of the regime; we do not seek an accelerated reunification of the peninsula; we do not seek an excuse to send our military north of the 38th parallel. And we’re trying to convey to the North Koreans we are not your enemy, we are not your threat, but you are presenting an unacceptable threat to us, and we have to respond. And we hope that at some point, they will begin to understand that and that we would like to sit and have a dialogue with them about the future that will give them the security they seek and the future economic prosperity for North Korea, but that will then promote economic prosperity throughout Northeast Asia.

This is going to be a continued effort to put ever greater pressure on the North Korean regime because our other options, obviously, are not particularly attractive.

Now, in saying that, I want to – I want to acknowledge a couple of people, and I’m going to give some credit to people as I go through this. These first six months, we’ve been carrying out this activity, as you know, with largely people in acting assistant secretary positions, using our ambassadors, the strength of the organization, and I’m quite proud of what we’ve accomplished. In dealing with North Korea, Acting Assistant Secretary Susan Thornton and Ambassador Joseph Yun have been stellar in helping us develop these policies and carry them out. Susan Thornton also has been key to our relationship with China, and I think it’s important that everyone understand that North Korea does not define the relationship with China.

Our relationship with China, obviously, is much broader. And if you go back to the summit in Mar-a-Lago between President Trump and President Xi, much of that summit was a discussion about what should the relationship between the U.S. and China be. It has been defined, since the opening of China with the historic Nixon visit, the adoption of the “one China” policy, the three documents and agreements, and that has given us a long period of no conflict between China and the U.S., creating conditions for enormous economic growth and prosperity in China, which the U.S. and the rest of the world has seen benefits from as well. That has defined the last 40 to 50 years of our relationship.

The question now is that we – we believe we’re at a bit of a pivot point in that relationship because of how China has progressed now to become the second largest economy in the world, and they will continue to grow in their importance to the global economy. What should define this relationship for the next 50 years? And those are the discussions that we have with the Chinese in the broadest contours: How should we define this relationship and how do we ensure that economic prosperity to the benefit of both countries and the world can continue, and that where we have differences – because we will have differences, we do have differences – that we will deal with those differences in a way that does not lead to open conflict. And that has been the success of the past policy. It’s one that we must continue, but we recognize conditions have changed and to simply rely upon the past may not serve either one of us well.

So these are very in-depth conversations and discussions we have with the Chinese, and we test this relationship through things like the situation in North Korea. Can we work together to address this global threat where we have a common objective? And where we have differences – in the South China Sea, and we have some trading differences that need to be addressed – can we work through those differences in a way without it leading to open conflict and find the solutions that are necessary to serve us both?

Out of Mar-a-Lago came, I think, some very important commitments to one another. We established four very high-level dialogues. We had many, many dialogues with the Chinese in the past – over 20 dialogues – but these were at a level that we felt were insufficient to deal with this question of our relationship, so the Chinese agreed to designate very high-level individuals so we have four dialogues. The Diplomatic and Security Dialogue is led by myself and Secretary Mattis with our counterparts in China. We have had two meetings of the Diplomatic and Security Dialogue. The Economic and Trade Dialogue has met twice. That’s led by Secretary Mnuchin and Secretary Ross. We have two other dialogues that are yet to meet: law enforcement and cyber security; and then social or people-to-people.

And so these are really to help us explore the tough issues that exist for the two largest economies in the world and two significant military powers, as to how do we want to deal with these issues, and they’ve served – I think they’ve served us well to this point, and they’ve been quite helpful in us advancing this understanding of one another’s interests, so we will continue those. And again, I want to thank Assistant Secretary Susan Thornton for her help in advancing these.

So I want to turn to Russia next and the relationship, as you know, on Russia continues to be under considerable stress. As I indicated in my first trip to Moscow, and meetings at the Kremlin with President Putin following those meetings, the relationship was at a historic low since the end of the Cold War and it could get worse. And the question, I think, of the events of the last week or so is: Is it getting worse or can we maintain some level of stability in that relationship, and continue to find ways to address areas of mutual interest and ways in which we can deal with our differences without those becoming open conflicts as well?

We have explored in the early days one area of mutual interest, which is terrorism. Now, we’ve chosen the theater in Syria as a place in which we test our ability to work together. We share the common view of ISIS as a threat to both of our countries, and so we are committed to the defeat of ISIS, Daesh, other terrorist organizations, and then we are committed to the stability of Syria following the battle to defeat ISIS. Clearly, Russia has aligned itself early on in the conflict with the Syrian regime and Bashar al-Assad, which we find to be unacceptable. So we’re working with Russia through how do we achieve the end state, which is a unified Syria – not divided – but a Syria that is – has the opportunity for the Syrian people to put in place a new constitution, have free and fair elections, and select a new leadership. And it continues to be our view that the Assad regime has no role in the future governing of Syria. The sequencing of all of that we’re open to, as long as that is the – that’s what is achieved at the end.

The second condition we have is that Iran’s military influence, the direct presence of Iranian military forces inside of Syria, they must leave and go home, whether those are Iranian Revolutionary Guard forces or whether those are paid militias, foreign fighters, that Iran has brought into Syria in this battle. Those are our two end state conditions, and those are shared by many of our coalition partners the world over.

So we’re working with the Russians. We’ve achieved one small measure of success by establishing working in concert with Jordon to create a de-escalation zone, a zone of ceasefire, in the southwest part of Syria, which thus far is holding. I think the achievement out of this is civilians are not getting killed, and that was our objective, is to stop the massive bombing attacks and artillery attacks that have led to so many civilian deaths. It is our hope that this first zone of de-confliction will hold with the Russians’ assistance and the Russian – the Russians delivering on their commitments, and that we can find ways to replicate this in other areas in particular in the north – northern part of Syria as we continue to liberate areas from ISIS.

In the Ukraine, we have been very consistent in our messages to Russia that the Minsk accords must be achieved, they must be implemented, otherwise nothing can be done about the sanction situation in Ukraine. As you’re aware, we’ve appointed a special representative to Ukraine, former Ambassador to NATO Kurt Volker. Kurt’s a very experienced ambassador, diplomat to the area. He knows the area well, he knows Russia well, he certainly knows our partners well, and he’s very clear-eyed about his mission to see if we cannot engage to move the process in Ukraine forward. It has been stalled, as you know, for quite some time. This announcement has been welcomed both by the Russians and it’s been welcomed by the Normandy group that has been engaged with Russia in an effort to move these discussions forward. So we are hopeful we can make some progress in beginning to move the situation in Ukraine to a place of engagement and movement towards achieving a true ceasefire, because the outbreak in violence this year has been just heartbreaking to watch in east Ukraine.

We’re going to continue to uphold our commitment to the trans-Atlantic relationship, and the President’s been quite clear on our commitment to NATO. He’s been quite clear on his expectations of others in NATO, and I think all of that, again, very appropriately so. We have affirmed the commitment to Article 5. Unquestionably, that should not be an issue in anyone’s minds any longer.

In working with Russia and the difficult issues there, I want to acknowledge Brian Hook, who as my Director of Policy Planning has worked with his team to give us a number of options. Importantly, two important ambassadors in the region: John Tefft, who is our ambassador to Moscow dealing with a very tough situation right now; but also our ambassador in the Ukraine, Marie Yovanovitch. She’s doing an outstanding job working with President Poroshenko to continue to help the government in Ukraine strengthen its own governing standards, continue to make progress on the anticorruption campaign, and strengthen their own justice system, which we think is important to their stability going forward.

So I want to turn to the Middle East and, again, the destruction of radical Islamist terrorism in the form of ISIS or Daesh but also in the form of al-Qaida and the many other names that all of you know. The coalition’s integrated civilian and military efforts, I think, have achieved remarkable success since President Trump came into office. He made some very significant shifts in military authorities to put battlefield command decisions closer to the fight, and I think the results are quite evident. More than 70 percent of Iraqi territory that was once held by ISIS has been liberated and recovered. ISIS has been unable to retake any territory that it has been – that has been liberated, and almost 2 million Iraqis have returned home. And this is really the measure of success, I think, is when conditions are such that people feel like they can return to their homes.

The liberation of Mosul has really broken an ISIS stronghold, as you all know, in Iraq. It would not have been possible without the strong cooperation of the Iraqi Government. And these battles have been fought by the Iraqi military and their soldiers with our advisors helping them. The State Department’s role in this has been to follow very quickly as areas are liberated with humanitarian assistance and with efforts at stabilization. So that means securing areas so people feel safe to go home, securing them with local law enforcement – faces they recognize are wearing the police uniforms in their communities, bringing back into the community the previous local leaders who fled when ISIS came in, restoring fundamental needs to the community – power, water, sewage.

That’s where we stop. We get the essentials in place. We’re not there to rebuild their communities. That’s for them to do and that’s for the international community to marshal the resources to allow them to do that. We liberate the areas, we secure the areas, we restore essential needs so people can begin to move back in, and we consider our task – at that point, our mission’s largely been achieved.

Similarly, over in Syria, we’re assisting with the liberation of Raqqa, which is moving at a faster pace than we originally anticipated. However, all of us, I think, are clear-eyed and understand that even there, that battle will hit a core resistance, and it’ll be a very tough fight to ultimately liberate all of Raqqa.

But again, we’re taking the same approach. We’ve pre-staged humanitarian assistance. We’ve pre-staged equipment so that as areas are liberated people can immediately begin to move back in and retake their community and rebuild their lives. So we will replicate the success we’ve had in Mosul and Raqqa, as we’ve done in other communities as well.

We’ve accomplished a lot of this through this grand coalition to defeat ISIS that was convened. It now consists of 68 countries and five international agencies. We convened that coalition here in March to lay out this plan of how we wanted to attack the liberation areas as those areas are freed up. We were able to raise more than $$2 billion of commitments from the coalition. That money has shown up as we need it. We are not resource-limited in these efforts that I described to you. So we basically have raised three dollars for every one that we’ve put in of the U.S.’s money. We’re going to continue those efforts. And we had another round of talks here in the last month around Raqqa and are beginning to collect pledges and revenues to replicate that in Raqqa.

I think our next steps on the global war to defeat ISIS are to recognize ISIS is a global issue. We already see elements of ISIS in the Philippines, as you’re aware, gaining a foothold. Some of these fighters have gone to the Philippines from Syria and Iraq. We are in conversations with the Philippine Government, with Indonesia, with Malaysia, with Singapore, with Australia, as partners to recognize this threat, try to get ahead of this threat, and help them with training – training their own law enforcement capabilities, sharing of intelligence, and provide them wherewithal to anticipate what may be coming their direction.

This is a battle that’s going to go on for a long time, and this is the battlefield on the ground. The second battlefield is in the cyberspace, social media space, and the disruption of the messaging that allows ISIS and Daesh to attract new recruits to their cause. So this is also a fight that will go on for months and years ahead.

In Syria, I think if we think about Syria post the defeat of ISIS, what we are hoping to avoid is an outbreak of the civil war, because we really, as you know, have two conflicts underway in Syria: the war against ISIS, the civil war that created the conditions for ISIS to emerge. Again, we’re working closely with Russia and other parties to see if we can agree a path forward on how to stabilize Syria in the post-ISIS world, create zones of stabilization and lines of de-confliction that will hold, and then create conditions for the political process to play out in Geneva. We still support the Geneva process as a means of engaging the parties on the future of Syria’s governance. A lot of work ahead of us, and we don’t have the conditions yet in place to achieve that, but we are going to work with others – the neighbors in the region as well as those stakeholders in Syria – to see if we cannot create those conditions that will lead to talks in Geneva and elsewhere to put in place a longer-term solution for Syria.

And again, in the – I think in this region of the world I want to recognize Ambassador John Bass in Turkey. Turkey has a big role to play in this. As you know, our relationship with Turkey is a bit under stress as well, and Ambassador Bass has been most helpful and remarkable in how he’s led our efforts there in Ankara. I also want to acknowledge Brett McGurk, special envoy to the war against ISIS, and his assistant, number two, Terry Wolff. They are the people on the ground in Syria near the fight, checking to see if this aid is showing up the way it’s supposed to and are we meeting our commitments to restore some of the basic needs of the communities.

I want to turn a little bit to Iran now, and consistent with our efforts to stop Islamic extremism in all its form is the proactive approach we’re taking to preventing Iran from developing, first, new weapons – as you know, nuclear weapons. We want to prevent them from fomenting terrorism and building influence outside of their borders. The conversation on Iran does not begin and end with the JCPOA, the nuclear agreement, and I think if there’s one thing I hope I can help people understand it’s that agreement dealt with a very small slice of Iran’s threats, and that was their nuclear program. And one of the unfortunate outcomes of the intensive effort to put that agreement in place is that agreement was put in place almost to the detriment and ignoring all of other Iran’s destabilizing activities in the region, whether it be their ongoing ballistic missile programs, their export of terrorism, their export of instability in Yemen, their export of foreign fighters into Iraq and Syria. And so while this agreement was being developed, it was kind of like we put blinders on and just ignored all those other things. We come onto the scene and we said, “That agreement doesn’t speak to a lot of the problems we have with Iran,” so I don’t want people to think that’s what defines either the relationship or the policy with Iran is the JCPOA.

Iran continues these efforts. They are persistent in their efforts to exert their influence across the Middle East, and it is our intent working with our allies in the region to push back on Iran’s expansionist efforts to destabilize areas, particularly Yemen, Iraq, Syria, but we also see them in the theaters of Afghanistan.

The President, I think, has been pretty clear on his dissatisfaction with the JCPOA as a tool or instrument, but we continue to have conversations about the utility of that agreement, whether it has utility, whether it doesn’t have utility. But in particular, we’re working with the other parties to that agreement, our European allies in particular, to ensure that we are fully enforcing all aspects of that agreement, holding Iran accountable for its commitments, and challenging whether Iran is, in fact, living up to its commitments and the spirit of that agreement. We’re going to continue that – to take that approach as we evaluate and come up to the next milestone on the continuation of that agreement or continuation of waivers to the sanctions.

In the Gulf broadly, you’ll recall the President had a very historic trip to Riyadh. We believe it was historic because of the convening of every Muslim Arab nation in the world at the summit, where the President I think made a very historic speech to those leaders indicating to them that they have to take responsibility for what’s happened in the Muslim world around violent extremism. The United States is ready; we’re prepared and we want to help them, but we cannot solve it for them. They must solve it themselves.

And we continue on – follow on to that summit working to actually implement those commitments in two important areas: creating a center to counter violent extremism with the help of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; and secondly is the establishment of a center to dismantle terror-financing networks around the world. Both of those continue to move forward with this – with a quick pace.

As you also know, following that summit, though, there was a dispute broke out between three of the Gulf nations – four of the Gulf nations and Egypt. Qatar and what we call “the Quartet” have differences which have led to actions against Qatar. We are quite concerned about this dispute, because we think it is destabilizing to the Gulf itself and undermines unity in the GCC, the Gulf Cooperative[1] Council, which we believe is an important organization to maintain stability in the region.

We have been engaged working with the emir of Qatar, who has taken on the effort to mediate this dispute, as you know, from the day it broke out. You’re well aware I made a trip to the region, spent three pretty intensive days with the parties, and I think those were useful. We’re going to continue those efforts. I have maintained telephone contact with all of the parties on a – on an almost every other day basis, talking to them about the current situation.

We know there is a great deal of reconciliation that has to occur. At this point today, the parties are not even speaking to one another. So our objective is to not only have them start talking to one another but to sit down at the table and begin a discussion of dialogue.

An important part of that trip, you’ll recall, when I was in the region was to sign a memorandum of understanding between the United States and Qatar to address terrorism, counterterrorism, terror financing, and the identification of known or suspected terrorists. We are implementing that agreement. Qatar is fulfilling its commitments to us under that agreement, and I think that will be important to building confidence within the region as well.

I am going to be dispatching Assistant Secretary[2] Tim Linderking back to the area. Tim’s been with me from the beginning of this issue, traveled with me to the region. He is going to be traveling over there. And I’ve also asked retired General Anthony Zinni to go with Tim so that we can maintain a constant pressure on the ground, because I think that’s what it’s going to take. There’s only so much you can do with telephone persuasion. But we are committed to see this disagreement resolved, restore Gulf unity, because we think it’s important to the long-term effort to defeat terrorism in the region.

So let me turn quickly to the Western Hemisphere. And again, I think in the Western Hemisphere, as you know, President Trump promised he was going to secure our borders, particularly the southern border against transnational criminal organizations, against the export of crime, against threats that can cross our border. In February, then-Secretary of Homeland Security Kelly and I went to Mexico City, you’ll recall, and we had a very frank and – discussion with our Mexican counterparts on how we were going to work together along the border.

And I think that’s produced some pretty remarkable results in terms of migration across the border. As all of you know, those numbers are down somewhere between 70 and 80 percent. This has created enormous assistance to the Mexican Government because they have a southern border as well. And to the extent our crossings are down, their crossings are down also. So we’ve had, I think, a significant progress in that area.

In that meeting, though, we set up a framework to attack trans-criminal organizations – the cartels and others that conduct illicit activity. We hosted an event here in Washington in May where we now have set up a series of working groups to attack these trans-criminal organizations as a business model from the supply chain all the way to the consumption chain.

Obviously, America owns the consumption chain. We are the customer whether we like it or not; we own that piece of the supply chain. We’ve worked with HHS Secretary Price and others to begin the process of a new intensive program around drug reduction – drug use reduction through education programs, treatment centers, and others. And I know you’ll hear Secretary Price will be talking more about that.

We also have continued our efforts to stabilize the region. In June, Vice President Pence joined then-Secretary Kelly and myself in Miami for a joint conference that was co-sponsored by our Mexican counterparts and the U.S., which was to a conference on security and prosperity in Latin America, really directed at strengthening El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, both their law enforcement capabilities, their justice capabilities, anti-corruption, and drug eradication.

We had a number of private sector attendees – the Inter-America Bank was there, World Bank representatives – all directed toward coordinating an effort to assist these countries in strengthening their own conditions on the ground to address their challenges that cause many of their people to want to leave.

And finally, in the Western Hemisphere, Venezuela, which you know is very current on our mind, our approach to Venezuela has been to try to work through coalition partners, through the OAS as well as others who share our view of Venezuela’s future. Clearly, what we want to see is for Venezuela to return to its constitution, return to its scheduled elections, and allow the people of Venezuela to have the voice in their government they deserve.

We are very, very troubled by what we’re seeing unfold following the constituent assembly vote, which went about as we expected, but the re-arrest of opposition leaders last night is very alarming. This could lead to an outbreak of further violence in the country. The situation, from a humanitarian standpoint, is already becoming dire. We are evaluating all our policy options as to what can we do to create a change of conditions where either Maduro decides he doesn’t have a future and wants to leave of his own accord or we can return the government processes back to their constitution. But we are quite concerned about we’re seeing down there. It is a policy discussion that’s currently under development through the interagency process this week.

In that regard, in the Western Hemisphere, I do want to thank Paco Palmieri, the acting assistant secretary; Ambassador Bill Brownfield; Under Secretary Tom Shannon; and in policy planning Kim Breier, who have been really working on this almost nonstop in terms of both the Mexico, Latin America, but also this crisis in Venezuela. And I appreciate their efforts as well.

Now I want to – all of those areas around the world, I want to pause and make one comment to you. I have a lot of open slots. I don’t have but one under secretary position filled, and that’s Ambassador Tom Shannon. But we’ve been dealing with a lot; we’ve accomplished a lot, and we continue to progress a lot because there are remarkable, talented, professional Foreign Service officers in this building. And every one of them has stepped up and not a one of them has said, “I don’t want to do that.” They’ve stepped forward. They’re putting in enormous hours to help us with these challenges. And I want to thank all of them for their efforts and recognize that.

Real quick, last word on the redesign. I know it’s a topic of interest to people. The redesign of the State Department is an employee-led effort. Unlike some of the other departments in response to the EO, I have elected not to impose a top-down answer on the organization. I’m using approaches that I have used in my past that have been successful. And we are creating an employee-led effort to redesign the State Department.

We had a listening survey; we got over 35,000 responses in that listening survey, which is pretty remarkable in and of itself. And we interviewed over 100[3] people in extensive interviews. What they are telling us is going to guide the answers. And some of you, I think, have looked at some of that and you – and it – one way people can look at that is they can take it as a lot of criticism and complaining and moaning. And when I look at that information and what they’re saying to me, I hear them saying, “Help. Help. Please help us fix this.” They are frustrated. They know that there are ways they could be working better. They want someone to help them achieve that. So we’re going to let them tell us what they need. And my commitment to them is if it takes a legislative change, it takes an appropriation change – I can’t promise you I’ll get it, but I’ll darn sure go to bat for you and see what we can do to make your lives more productive, more efficient, and more rewarding.

And I know that these people in this department are dedicated like no other Americans to their mission. This is the most patriotic group of people I have ever had the pleasure of working with. I’m proud of every one of them, and I look forward to helping them put in place the organization that’s going to serve their needs.

So in that regard, I have some other people, real quick, I want to acknowledge: Bill Inglee; Ambassador Bill Todd, who’s Acting M and also director general; Lisa Kenna is my executive secretary; Deputy Chief of Staff Christine Ciccone; my traveling squad that makes these horrendous trips with me and I know how many hours I’m up working and I know that they start before I do and they don’t go to bed until long after I do, but Munir Madyun, Tad Brown, Meredith Williams is the assistant to the chief of staff. And I want to thank my chief of staff Margaret Peterlin. I could not do any of this without her. And I appreciate all of them very much and I want to give them that public recognition. So with that, I’ll stop now and I’ll let Heather Nauert direct traffic.

MS NAUERT: Thank you, Mr. Secretary. Thank you. We’ll start out with Matt Lee. We don’t have a ton of time here, so —

♦ QUESTION: Sure. Mr. Secretary, thank you very much for making the time to come down here. We hope to see you more often, perhaps, if that’s possible. I have a lot of questions but I’ll stick on one, and that is to drill down into the Russia situation which you mentioned earlier.

Is – you – I presume that you still expect the President to sign the new legislation and sign it shortly, as Vice President Pence said earlier today. Do you still believe that that, the passage, the overwhelming votes in Congress to pass that, was a sign that the American people want Russia to take steps to improve the relationship? And if you do, that – President Putin seemed to have slapped the country back in the face with the expulsion of the 755. Can you – how do – where do you go from here? Is the Shannon-Ryabkov channel still viable? And can the U.S. function diplomatically in Russia with that limited number of people there?

SECRETARY TILLERSON: Well, my view is that the vote does represent the American people because it was made by their representatives in the Congress. And I think – I think the American people want the two most powerful nuclear nations in the world to have a better relationship. I don’t think the American people want us to have a bad relationship with a huge nuclear power. But I think they are frustrated, and I think a lot of this reflects the frustration that we’ve not seen the kind of improvement in the relationship with Russia that all of us would like to see.

In our early conversations with the Russians right after we took office, we were very clear with them that we want to work with you, but you are going to have to take some steps to address some of these concerns yourself. And I’ll – to just use the President’s words in the meeting he had with Foreign Minister Lavrov in the Oval Office, as Foreign Minister Lavrov was meeting, President Trump said to Foreign Minister Lavrov, “We need some good news with Russia. We need some good news.” And I told President Putin when I saw him in the Kremlin in March, and I’ve told Foreign Minister Lavrov repeatedly, the situation is bad, but believe me, it can get worse – and it just did.

Now, in terms of their response to that action, I think it’s important to recognize that any leader of any country has their whole population watching them as well, and President Putin has his population of Russia watching him. And so I think the fact that they felt the need to take symmetrical action – and that’s the way they view it – is that they were delayed in taking this action, and I think President Putin has said that. He didn’t react when the two dachas were taken away in December. He didn’t react when 35 diplomats were sent home. He waited. And now this action came on top of that, and I think from his perspective and how he looks in the eyes of his own people, he felt he had to do something. Does it make our life more difficult? Of course, it makes our life more difficult.

I will be meeting face to face with Foreign Minister Lavrov this weekend on the – on the margins of the meetings in Manila. We – he and I have already spoken. I would say our conversation following the actions has been professional. There’s no – there’s been no belligerence. I think Foreign Minister Lavrov and I understand our roles. We understand our responsibilities. And I think he’s as committed as I am to trying to find ways that we can bring this relationship back closer towards one another.

Now, the action by the Congress to put these sanctions in place and the way they did, neither the President nor I are very happy about that. We were clear that we didn’t think it was going to be helpful to our efforts. But that’s the decision they made. They made it in a very overwhelming way. I think the President accepts that, and all indications are he will sign that, that bill. And then we’ll just work with it, and that’s kind of my view is we’ll work with it. We got it. We can’t let it take us off track of trying to restore the relationship.

MS NAUERT: Andrea [Mitchell]

♦ QUESTION: Mr. Secretary, thank you very much. Thank you for being here. We’ve talked about North Korea. You’ve talked about North Korea today, the threat. And if you could respond to the fact that as you try to deal with this, and you talk about a dialogue and you talk about the Chinese relationship goes beyond this, the President on Twitter has been very critical of China in the last 48 hours. How complicated is it for you to do your job with sometimes the President, the Commander-in-Chief, contradicting U.S. foreign policy on Twitter? How helpful would it be – and will it be – with John Kelly now as Chief of Staff? And would you like to see a more orderly system coming out of the White House in terms of communications? Does that also extend to —

SECRETARY TILLERSON: Well, I think —

QUESTION: — the use of social media?

SECRETARY TILLERSON: I think the selection of John Kelly as the Chief of Staff was a brilliant selection. I did not know General Kelly before taking up my responsibilities here, but he was the first secretary that I worked with the most closely with because of the situation in Mexico, and we felt the need for he and I to get involved immediately. He has been a wonderful partner, interagency partner, he is someone who I have a great deal of trust and confidence in, and I think it is – he is going to serve the President well. And obviously, the President I think is looking for things to be different or he would not have selected someone like John Kelly to be chief of staff.

I think, with respect to how we conduct foreign policy in the – in light of the fact that the President communicates the way he does, as I explained to the people in this building, look, it’s just like anything else. It’s part of the environment in which we work. We’ll adapt to it. We’ll adapt to it. There’s a lot of unexpected things that happen to us in the world of diplomacy and we know how to adapt to that, we know to work with it, and so I don’t view it as an obstacle, a hindrance, or as an assistance. Whatever the President chooses to express, he expresses, and then that’s information to everybody, us included.

MS NAUERT: Carol with The Washington Post.

♦ QUESTION: Thank you very much, Mr. Secretary. As I’m sure you’re well aware, after a very brief honeymoon you’ve come under a great deal of personal criticism from critics who say you’ve been presiding over a hollowing out of the department, low morale, and a department that seems sidelined. Could you respond directly to some of the criticism and tell us if any of it has – you have taken it to heart and changed in any way because of that criticism?

SECRETARY TILLERSON: Well, I hope what – the little stroll I just took you around the world indicates the building is hardly hollowed out. All of that activity I was describing to you, and as I said, has been undertaken using the expertise of the people in this building. Any time you have a dramatic change in the administration, like we had six months ago, there are going to be individuals who struggle with that. And I spoke to this on the day – first day I entered the building and gave my remarks on the steps of the State Department, that I recognized that and that I hope people could put those feelings aside and commit themselves to the mission.

And my observation has been that the vast majority of people in the building have done that. Has everyone done it? No. Some people are still struggling to get over that and that’s – those are the voices that generally are heard. I have a very active engagement with people in the building. I meet up to three times a week with the under secretaries, the assistant secretaries; I do lunches with Foreign Service officers once a month; I do town halls, so I’m listening to people and getting a sense of how they are feeling about things. And the people that I’m coming into contact with are excited about the redesign, they’re excited about hopefully getting some assistance on some areas that have troubled them for a long time, and I think they’re beginning to understand that the mission of the State Department is to lead America’s foreign policy, create conditions for a better, more secure U.S., more prosperous U.S., and we do that at home, we do it abroad. That mission doesn’t change. The policy that we are leading is dictated by the President of the United States, who was selected by the American people. So we are working on behalf of the American people who selected this President to carry out his foreign policies, and then all of the professionalism and the skill that people have in this building to do that, they dedicate themselves to doing that. And my experience is that people – that’s where people are. The ones I work with, they are very dedicated to that.

Have I encountered some people on the way that didn’t want to do that, couldn’t do that? Yes. And we have given them permission to go do something else. And I say that not in a pejorative way, but we have had individuals who did not want to serve in a certain role, and I said fine. Find something else for them to do. I don’t want to force anybody into a position they’re not committed to. So we have these conversations with people. Yes, I think it’s – it is to be expected that we will go through some morale issues early on. I hope as the redesign goes forward and people become more engaged in that, that there is going to be an uptick in that. I’m mindful of it, I pay attention to it. I cannot change what we’re doing from a policy standpoint, if that’s what’s behind people’s unhappiness.

MS NAUERT: Rich Edson, Fox News.

♦ QUESTION: Thank you, Mr. Secretary. As you go through this Iran review in the administration and there are different points of view, are you of the point of view that perhaps the JCPOA and waiving sanctions or a failure – or not waiving those sanctions could create an issue, given that the assets have already been unfrozen, coordinating with European allies potentially being a problem to try to get them to impose sanctions? And is there an avenue where the administration might seek stricter enforcement of that agreement?

SECRETARY TILLERSON: Well, I think the unfortunate aspect of the agreement is that a lot of the – a lot of the benefits to Iran for signing the agreement were up front. I mean, they kind of got the immediate payoff with the release of a lot of cash to them. They got the immediate lifting of the sanctions before they ever had to deliver on anything. And I think that’s the frustrating part of this agreement is there are limited levers available to us if we’re unhappy with what they’re doing, other than to say we’re not going to waive sanctions going forward.

It is important in my view that we coordinate as much as we can with our European allies and with Russia and China, who are signatories as well, because the greatest pressure we can put to bear on Iran to change behavior is a collective pressure. We are in discussions with in particular, our European allies about their view of how Iran is doing under the agreement. They have generally acknowledged that in the past, this – the administration and the U.S. in the past did not lean into Iran very hard, they didn’t demand very much of them under the agreement, and in fact, they want to do the same, so we are getting good agreement from them on leaning into Iran.

Again, how the agreement serves our purpose going forward, it’s kind of every 90 days we get to ask ourselves that question, and that’s just something that the U.S. Congress put in place. So it is important in our view that we keep the allies with us.

MS NAUERT: All right. Nicolas, since it’s your last day, I think you get to have the last question.

♦ QUESTION: Thank you, a follow-up. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for this opportunity and thank you to the Department of State for these five terrific years. I think it’s very important for international readership to be able to explain the complexity of the U.S. foreign policy.

Just to follow up on Iran’s question, are you personally in favor of mentioning the U.S. commitment to the JCPOA? And what would you respond, what would you say to element of the – of this administration, and especially the White House, who would be tempted to pull the U.S. out of the agreement?

And maybe just a more personal question: Three weeks ago when you came back from the Gulf, you had a very telling and frank conversation with our colleagues. Could you describe your relationship with the President, and do you enjoy the job you are – you have been doing for six months? Thank you.

SECRETARY TILLERSON: With respect to the JCPOA, I view – it’s an agreement. It’s an agreement that should serve Americans – America’s interests first and foremost, and if it doesn’t serve that interest, then why would we maintain it? Now, we have to hold the other side accountable, and I think if you read the full context of the JCPOA, it is about nuclear programs, but there’s another part of that agreement that talks about the fact that with this agreement, Iran will become a good neighbor – now, I’m paraphrasing a lot of language – they’ll become a good neighbor, that Iran is called upon to no longer develop its ballistic missiles.

There’s a lot of things that people expected would happen in agreeing to this arrangement on the nuclear program, including all the benefits that Iran would get up front. From our perspective – and that’s why I say the JCPOA represents a small slice of the Iranian relationship and our view of it – and I think the general view, and I would say it’s not just ours, but the view of many others is Iran has not been a good neighbor in the region, it has not stopped its ballistic missile program, and so the spirit of the agreement has been violated.

Now, how do we want to translate that into what does that mean if we say the spirit of the agreement’s been violated? Do we want to tear it up and walk away? Do we want to make the point to Iran that we expect you to get back in line with the spirit of the agreement and we’re going to stay here and hold you accountable to it? There are a lot of – I think there are a lot of alternative means with which we use the agreement to advance our policies and the relationship with Iran. And that’s what the conversation generally is around with the President as well, is what are all those options.

Now, with respect to my relationship with the President, it’s good. The President has repeatedly expressed his confidence in me. We have a good relationship. I talk to him just about every day. I see him several times a week. He calls me late at night on the weekends when something comes into his head and he wants to talk. He may call me at any moment at any time, but it is a very open relationship, and it’s one in which I feel quite comfortable telling him my views. And he and I have differences of views on things like JCPOA and how we should use it. We have differences of – but I think if we’re not having those differences, I’m not sure I’m serving him. And so that’s – I would tell you the relationship between the President and myself is good. That’s how I view it anyway.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222682,"First, let me clearly state our severe aversion to engaging in following another exhibition of the professional playbook for racial exploitation. However, that said, for those who do choose to follow the path we can outline the expectation. Remember, for Benjamin … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129413,"Prayers for all affected ….Tornadoes Hit Midwest: Missouri Tornado Kills At Least 89 JOPLIN, Mo. (AP) — A massive tornado that tore a 6-mile path across southwestern Missouri killed at least 89 people as it slammed into the city of Joplin, ripping into a hospital, crushing cars like soda cans and leaving a forest of splintered tree trunks behind where entire neighborhoods once stood.

Authorities warned that the death toll could climb as search and rescue workers continued their efforts. Their task was made more miserable as a new thunderstorm with strong winds, heavy rain pelted part of the city with quarter-sized hail. City manager Mark Rohr announced the number of known dead at a pre-dawn news conference outside the wreckage of a hospital that took a direct hit from Sunday’s storm. Rohr said the twister cut a path nearly 6 miles long and more than a half-mile wide through the center of town. Much of the city’s south side was leveled, with churches, schools, businesses and homes reduced to ruins.

Jasper County emergency management director Keith Stammer said about 2,000 buildings were damaged, while Joplin fire chief Mitch Randles estimated the damage covered a quarter or more of the city of about 50,000 people some 160 miles south of Kansas City. He said his home was among those destroyed.

An unknown number of people were injured, and officials said patients were scattered to any nearby hospitals that could take them.

Officers from the city and neighboring towns and counties manned virtually every major intersection. Ambulances came and went, sirens blaring. Rescuers involved in a door-to-door search moved gingerly around downed power lines and jagged debris. A series of gas leaks caused fires around the city overnight, and Gov. Jay Nixon said some were still burning early Monday. Nixon said he feared the death toll would rise but also expected survivors to be found in the rubble.

“I don’t think we’re done counting,” Nixon told The Associated Press, adding, “I still believe that because of the size of the debris and the number of people involved that there are lives to be saved.”

Crews found bodies in vehicles the storm had flipped over, torn apart and left crushed like empty cans. Triage centers and temporary shelters quickly filled to capacity. At Memorial Hall, a downtown entertainment venue, emergency workers treated critically injured patients.

At another makeshift unit at a Lowe’s home improvement store, wooden planks served as beds. Outside, ambulances and fire trucks waited for calls. In the early hours of the morning, emergency vehicles were scrambling nearly every two minutes.

After daybreak, survivors picked through the rubble of their homes, salvaging clothes, furniture, family photos and financial records, the air pungent with the smell of gas and smoking embers. Some neighborhoods were completely flattened and the leaves stripped from trees, giving the landscape an apocalyptic aura. In others where structures still stood, families found their belongings jumbled as if someone had picked up their homes and shaken them.

Kelley Fritz, 45, of Joplin, rummaged through the remains of a storage building with her husband, Jimmy. They quickly realized they would never find the belongings they stored there. They had lost much of what was in their home after the tornado ripped away the roof. Their sons, ages 20 and 17, both Eagle Scouts, went outside after the storm.

“My sons had deceased children in their arms when they came back,” Fritz said. “My husband and I went out and saw two or three dead bodies on the ground.”

Fritz said she was surprised she survived. “You could just feel the air pull up and it was so painful. I didn’t think we were going to make it, it happened so fast.”

Sirens gave residents about a 20-minute warning before the tornado touched down on the city’s west side, Rohr said. Staff at St. John’s Regional Medical Center hustled patients into hallways before the storm struck the nine-story building, blowing out hundreds of windows and leaving the facility useless.

Med Flight manager Rod Pace watched the tornado form to the southwest. He saw the swirling rain start about a mile off, and the flags outside suddenly stopped blowing to the northeast, only to be pulled back to the west.

Then the glass doors he was holding onto – ones with a 100-pound magnet to keep them locked – were pulled open. Pace held onto the handles as he was sucked outside briefly and then pushed back in like a rag doll. He fled to the hospital’s interior for cover, and then heard a roar. Pace and a co-worker pushed on another door to make sure it stayed shut, but it kept swaying back and forth.

“I’ve heard people talk about being in tornadoes and saying it felt like the building was breathing,” Pace said. “It was just like that.”

The hospital was among the worst-hit locations. Early Monday, floodlights from a temporary triage facility lit what remained of the building that once held as many 367 patients. Police officers could be seen combing the surrounding area for bodies.

In the parking lot, a helicopter lay crushed on its side, its rotors torn apart and windows smashed. Nearby, a pile of cars lay crumpled into a single mass of twisted metal. Winds from the storm carried debris up to 60 miles away, with medical records, X-rays, insulation and other items falling to the ground in Greene County, said Larry Woods, assistant director of the Springfield-Greene County Office of Emergency Management.

The Joplin twister was one of 68 reported tornadoes across seven Midwest states over the weekend, according to the National Weather Service’s Storm Prediction Center. One person was killed in Minneapolis. But the devastation in Missouri was the worst, eerily reminiscent of the tornadoes that killed more than 300 people across the South last month.

Travel through and around Joplin was difficult, with Interstate 44 shut down and streets clogged with emergency vehicles, debris and fallen trees.

Emergency management officials rushed heavy equipment to Joplin to clear the way for search and recovery operations. Nixon declared a state of emergency, and President Barack Obama said the Federal Emergency Management Agency was working with state and local agencies.

An aching helplessness settled over residents, many of whom could only wonder about the fate of loved ones.

Justin Gibson, 30, huddled with three relatives outside the tangled debris of a Home Depot. He pointed to a black pickup that had been tossed into the store’s ruins and said it belonged to his roommate’s brother, who was last seen in the store with his two young daughters.

Gibson, who has three children of his own, said his home was leveled and “everything in that neighborhood is gone. The high school, the churches, the grocery store. I can’t get ahold of my ex-wife to see how my kids are.”

“I don’t know the extent of this yet,” he said, “but I know I’ll have friends and family dead.”

Greg Carbin, a meteorologist for the Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Okla., said that although both storms had high death tolls, the situation in Joplin was different to that in Alabama last month. “This was one tornado,” he said. “There were other tornadoes that touched down yesterday, but nothing to the extent of a month ago. It’s different. It was not the same type of large-scale outbreak.” He estimated that the tornado that hit Joplin had winds of 135 to 165 mph.

More severe storms are coming, Carbin said, with Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma expected see tornadoes Monday and Tuesday and the bad weather spreading to the East Coast by Friday.

In Minneapolis, where a tornado killed one person and injured 29 on Sunday, authorities imposed an overnight curfew in a 4-square-mile area, including some of the city’s poorest neighborhoods, to prevent looting and keep streets clear for emergency crews. Mayor R.T. Rybak said one liquor store was looted right after the tornado hit late Sunday and a few burglaries took place overnight. (Link with video to story)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
130205,"As I do every year, I’m going to make 2012 a bold, wonderful year. Let all Americans who care commit to being like the majestic American bison that turns and faces the howling storm.

Instead of kicking the can down the road, as soulless political wimps have done forever, forcing future generations of Americans ultimately to face and pay for our irresponsibility, let’s do something bold about it instead of squawking, blaming, complaining and procrastinating. Let’s be the new greatest generation.The new year clearly will be a pivotal one politically for America, a veritable tipping point. Whom we elect in 2012 will either set us on a course to begin to fill in the economic hole we have dug or allow our politicians to continue to demand a bigger shovel and a deeper hole. All elections are important, but many of us are convinced that the 2012 election is one of the most if not the most critical election in our history.

With our embarrassing debt surpassing our annual gross domestic product, we need to be bold and brutally honest with ourselves about how to reverse this economic kamikaze swan dive. Less Fedzilla borrowing and spending is always better. Continued runaway spending is a recipe for economic disaster. I say runaway spending runs into a brick wall of fiscal responsibility. Tilt. Party over.

We need to be bold about entitlement spending. While our professional politicians have been reticent to address entitlement spending out of fear the AARP will have them fired, we must encourage them to be bold anyway. Failing to fundamentally restructure the entitlement system will doom the livelihood of future generations of Americans and ultimately turn America into an economic dust bowl.

Preparing our young people today to compete in tomorrow’s world requires us to be bold and address what works in education and jettison what does not. Let’s keep all options on the table, including privatization, charter schools, online education, year-round schooling, vouchers, neighborhood schools, home-schooling, etc. Let’s put Michelle Rhee, former D.C. schools chancellor, in charge and tell her to fix it. I’ll send her one of my many crowbars of logic because I had another bumper crop in 2011.

What we can’t allow is for our tax dollars to continue to be stripped from us and thrown at a public education system that is outrageously expensive, archaic, bureaucratic, inefficient and dysfunctional. I say “Flunk you” to the National Education Association and to parents who don’t care. Fundamentally restructuring our tax system and tax code are two priorities the American public has been requesting – no, demanding – for years but that have been ignored by our politicians. Everyone knows our tax code is a tangled, bureaucratic mess of rules and requirements that leaves even the Internal Revenue Service baffled. We need a bold, open and honest debate about all taxes, including property, income, sales, business and hidden taxes, and a tax code that can be understood easily. Taxes are a necessary evil, but what is not a necessary evil is a tax code that is the largest, most confusing book in the history of mankind. Let’s shred it and start over.

How about passing a law that says no law can be longer than our Constitution, which is roughly 5,000 words? That would be bold. No more congressional buffoonery creating confusing laws that contain hundreds of thousands of words that require an army of legal sharks to interpret. We also should demand that for every new law passed, 10 laws need to be rescinded. How about it GOP?

Bold is beautiful. Let’s get it on in 2012. I am. Are you?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128017,"This is the most profoundly unbelievable story yet concerning the overarching scope of law enforcement and government. SWAT Teams For Collections? From the Dept. of Education? … Seriously? C’mon folks, wake up and fight back against these dangerous losses in freedoms :

(DailyMail) A father was dragged from his home and handcuffed in front of his children by a SWAT team looking for his estranged wife – to collect her unpaid student loans.

A stunned Kenneth Wright had his front door kicked in by the raiding party at 6 am yesterday before being dragged onto his front porch, handcuffed and led to a police car with his three children. He says he was then detained for six hours while officers looked for his wife – who no longer lives at the house.

Mr Wright was later told by Stockton police that the order to send in the SWAT team came from The U.S. Department of Education who were looking for his estranged wife to collect defaulted loan payments. Speaking to ABC News 10, a visibly shaken Mr Wright described what happened when he was woken by a banging on his front door.

He said: ‘I look out of my window and I see 15 police officers. Dressed in his boxer shorts, Mr Wright says he rushed downstairs and was about to open the door when it was kicked open. An officer then grabbed him by the neck before dragging him out onto the front lawn. His 3, 7, and 11-year-old children were also removed by officers and put in a waiting police car.

‘He had his knee on my back and I had no idea why they were there,’ Mr Wright said. ‘They put me in handcuffs in that hot patrol car for six hours, traumatising my kids.’

The Department for Education refused to comment on the incident, saying they would not do so until the case was closed. They did however confirm that their Office of the Inspector General had issued the search warrant. The office has its own branch of federal agents that carry out search warrants and investigations.

Mr Wright is now trying to get compensation for the destroyed door. Speaking to ABC, he demonstrated that although the door had been patched up, the handle no longer worked. He said: ‘They busted down my door for this. ‘It wasn’t even me. ‘All I want is an apology for me and my kids and for them to get me a new door.’

He even had words of advice for anyone thinking of skipping paying their college bills.

He added: ‘People who have student loans , pay your bills, take care of your credit.

‘If you don’t belive me, this could be you one morning 6 o’clock.’ (read more)

(Previous Article – March 2010) Why is the Education Department purchasing 27 Remington Brand Model 870 police 12-gauge shotguns (all new, no re-manufactured products, thank you)?

The guns are to replace old firearms used by Education’s Office of Inspector General, which is the law enforcement arm of the department.

Here’s a statement from the office in response to a question about why need 27 shotguns with a 14-inch barrels:

“The Office of Inspector General is the law enforcement arm of the U.S. Department of Education and is responsible for the detection of waste, fraud, abuse, and other criminal activity involving Federal education funds, programs, and operations. As such, OIG operates with full statutory law enforcement authority, which includes conducting search warrants, making arrests, and carrying firearms. The acquisition of these firearms is necessary to replace older and mechanically malfunctioning firearms, and in compliance with Federal procurement requirements. For more information on OIG’s law enforcement authority, please visit their Web site at ww2.ed.gov

We asked department officials for specific examples of when the rifles might be used, but was referred to the above statement. Perhaps agents need some muscle while apprehending folks charged with fraud. Here’s a link to an 11-page document from the Department of Justice with guidelines for the Offices of Inspector Generals within federal government department that have been given law enforcement authority. It provides detail about firearm training is to be carried out and under what circumstances authorized personnel can engage in law enforcement activities. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125090,"White House reluctantly forced to concede:

“We’re a Nation of Laws, and a Jury has spoken”

In response to post verdict NAACP calls for DOJ “Civil Rights” charges to be laid against Zimmerman, the White House was forced to issue a formal statement on the Zimmerman “Not Guilty” verdict – carefully parsing their words, declaring “a jury has spoken” – but in a concession to the Julison Scheme Team narrative, again erroneously – and deliberately – referring to the muscular, fully grown Trayvon Martin as a “young son”.

“I know this case has elicited strong passions. And in the wake of the verdict, I know those passions may be running even higher,” he continued. “But we are a nation of laws, and a jury has spoken. I now ask every American to respect the call for calm reflection from two parents who lost their young son.”

“We’re a Nation of Laws, A Jury has spoken”.

On March 23, 2012 in a now infamous and highly scripted and choreographed Press Conference, Barack Obama seized the opportunity to inject race and perceived disparity into the inflammatory Trayvon Martin shooting inquiry, referring to the 17 year old and very muscular Martin as a “boy“, further advancing the Julison/Scheme Team Narrative.

“If I had a son, he’d look like Trayvon”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133553,"Report #1 – Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych on Friday announced early presidential elections and promised to bring opposition members into the government in a bid to defuse a deep crisis in which scores have been killed and hundreds injured. (link)

Report #2 – Ukraine’s president gave in to pressure from European diplomats and offered concessions Friday to defuse a crisis that has divided his country and left scores dead. Shots rang out near Kiev’s protest camp and protesters fought among themselves about what to do next.

The capital remained tense after President Viktor Yanukovych announced early presidential elections and promised to bring opposition members into the government — but didn’t say when. (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129944,"Any solid legal minds out there who can add their opinion/perspective to this story? Why would the Obama administration want to silence global warming skeptics? And why would the Obama administration be involved in the UK investigation thereof…? Would appreciate any and all perspectives on this.

(Washington Examiner) I have seen apparent proof that the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), Criminal Division, is working with United Kingdom police to pursue the leaker of the 2009 and 2011 “Climategate” emails.

I have learned that last week DOJ sent a search-and-seizure letter to the host of three climate-change “skeptic” blogs. Last night, UK police raided a blogger’s home and removed computers and equipment.

The leaked records derailed “cap-and-trade” legislation in the U.S. and, internationally, as well as talks for a successor to the Kyoto Protocol. The emails and computer code were produced with taxpayer funds and held on taxpayer-owned computers both in the US and the UK, and all were subject to the UK Freedom of Information Act, the U.S. Freedom of Information Act and state FOIA laws. […]

On December 9, DOJ sent a preservation letter under 18 U.S.C 2703(f) to the publication platform (website host) WordPress.

This authority authorizes the government to request an Internet Service Provider (ISP) to preserve all records of a specific account for 90 days while the feds work on a warrant. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223517,"







(Washington Post) – The group had arrived at 10 a.m. at Reagan National Airport on a chartered flight from Gulfport, Miss. The U.S. Park Police allowed the bus to stop.

“I’m not going to enforce the no stopping or standing sign for a group of 90 World War II veterans,” said the officer, who declined to give his name. “I’m a veteran myself. ” (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33477,"This is just a post to address some of the avalanche of criticism I personally have received over the DeeDee narrative deconstruction. Specifically on March 28th we revealed that DeeDee had refused to talk to authorities. If I had a nickel for every time someone called me a manipulative fibber for this statement I could retire very wealthy.

Most of the attacks came from various persons and organizations who were still, at that time, continuing to sell the innocent childlike Trayvon Martin narrative. The Global Grind, Huffington Post, Orlando Sentinel et al, and various denizens of their readers would not accept the factual reality that DeeDee was refusing to talk to authorities. They specifically and intentionally hid this aspect from their readership, articles, and on-line editorials.

But it was then, as it remains now, the truth.

After much back and forth with CNN web-site controllers about their refusal to post a truthful transcript from a Piers Morgan interview with Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, and a refusal to post site video of the actual interview, finally a partial transcript has been forced. Why this is important follows below.

It was just sheer luck that Pam Bondi was scheduled to talk to Piers Morgan on the evening of March 27th. The reason for her segment scheduling was to discuss the Obamacare Supreme Court Case which she is a direct party to, and which was being argued on this specific date in front of the court.

However, on this exact date, Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin were in DC testifying at a congressional hearing and doing a full court media press, so Piers started his segment with asking Bondi about the Trayvon Martin case.

Here is the segment with Piers and Bondi discussing the Trayvon shooting (emphasis mine): Aired March 27, 2012 – 21:00 ET

MORGAN: Trayvon Martin’s mother speaking emotionally to Congress today. And joining me now the woman in the center of the two biggest stories in the day. The Trayvon Martin case and the Supreme Court debate over health care reform. And she is Florida attorney general, Pam Bondi, the state’s official lead plaintiff in the health care case. Welcome, Pam Bondi. Let’s start with the Trayvon Martin case. You saw his mother there. Obviously very emotional. It’s been an appalling few weeks for her. What do you make of the debate? Not the issue of whether there was a racial element, but the issue of whether the “Stand Your Ground” law in Florida has been exposed through this case as deeply flawed. PAM BONDI, FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Well, Piers, first let me tell you. I’ve spoken to Trayvon’s parents. They are amazing, sweet, kind people. My heart goes out to them. I’m actually friends with their attorneys Ben Crump and Daryl Parks. They’re wonderful lawyers who are representing them. What my — I have no legal role as attorney general in the state of Florida. That authority is left to the state attorneys. But what I did do was I discussed with the governor the appointment of Angela Corey, a special prosecutor in Jacksonville who’s well removed from the case. She’s absolutely excellent. And the Florida Department of Law Enforcement are now involved in the case. The reason, Piers, I can’t comment on “Stand Your Ground,” whether that applies here because there are too many unanswered questions. And, you know, that’s why the family is rightfully upset. When you have an innocent 17-year-old boy walking home with Skittles and an iced tea and he’s killed, you have to have answers, not questions. And that’s what we need in our state. MORGAN: Yes, I mean, look, I am encouraged by what you’re saying. It’s good that a senior lawmaker in Florida is saying all this, but in the end, you know, I remain like many people absolutely bemused that somebody can shoot somebody in cold blood, an unarmed young teenager. And so, I mean, I just think with your legal training and your legal background on what appears to be a very empathetic attitude towards this case, it might be quite powerful for the attorney general of Florida to say publicly, you know what? This guy should be arrested. He should be interviewed under caution and he should, if necessary, face charges. But he should be at stage one of the legal process of being under arrest. BONDI: Well, what we’ve done is appoint a special prosecutor. And that’s what she’s doing. Conducting a thorough investigation because we need to get Trayvon’s girlfriend to cooperate which I don’t know if was happening previously. And they may have had good reason for that. But she’s cooperating now. And again, a thorough investigation is being done to ensure that justice is sought for that family. But you can’t make an arrest until you interview all the witnesses, Piers. Nor do you want that to happen because a speedy trial could run. And — then that’s — we don’t want that to happen. And all I can tell you is we have a great prosecutor on the case. We have great law enforcement agencies. The Department of Justice is looking at this. And I firmly believe as you do that we need to have justice for the death of this innocent young man who was walking home to watch a basketball game with Skittles and an iced tea. MORGAN: Well said. Let’s move on, Pam Bondi, to the second big story that involves you again today. You seem to be the center of everything today. And this is the whole issue of health care in the Supreme Court. There’s a sense from the legal experts this is not going Barack Obama’s way. (Full Transcript)

Why is this important? Well, for a couple of reasons.

Police Chief Bill Lee Said he had “no cause to arrest Zimmerman,” nor “any evidence to dispute Zimmerman’s accounts” on Tuesday March 13th.

The Scheme Team blackmailed the mayor and got the 911 tapes from Triplett on Friday night March 16th .

Benjamin Crump said he “found out about DeeDee” through Tracy Martin on Sunday “night” March 18th.

Subsequently, Crump telephonically *cough* interviewed DeeDee with ABC’s Matt Gutman on Monday night March 19th. (The interview where the reported rules, from Gutman himself, were only Ben Crump was allowed to ask questions *cough* ‘plausible deniability’ *cough* risk avoidance *cough*).

Benjamin Crump held a press conference with all the media on Tuesday March 20th, where he introduced the devastated girlfriend DeeDee ear-witness.

A full week later on March 27th Florida Attorney Pam Bondi was stating clearly that “DeeDee” had refused interviews with authorities as noted in this, now released because it was forced to sunlight, transcript.

However, as previously reported by the former prosecuting State Attorney, Police Chief Bill Lee and the media, a Grand Jury was impaneled to seat on April 10th. A grand jury was already scheduled for April 10th when on Thursday March 22nd Police Chief Bill Lee, was forced to, pressured to, voluntarily stepped down.

The following day on Friday March 23rd the media was reporting the first stories of DeeDee now being subpoenaed to appear.

RadarOnline – The Florida State Attorney’s Office has prepared a subpoena for Trayvon Martin‘s girlfriend, who was on the phone with him in the moments before the unarmed African American teen was shot and killed by George Zimmerman, to appear in front a grand jury that will be impaneled on April 10, to determine if the neighborhood watch captain should be charged with murder, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting. […] Trayvon’s girlfriend has been told that the Florida State Attorney’s Office has prepared a subpoena for her to appear in front of the grand jury. She has hired a lawyer to advise her and make sure that her rights are protected. Her attorney has told prosecutors that she is ready to appear and is looking forward to telling the grand jury what really happened on February 26,” a source close to the situation tells RadarOnline.com

However, also on Friday March 23rd a new special prosecutor Angela Corey was assigned to the case replacing Norm Wolfinger:

FLORIDA – A conservative, hard-nosed state attorney, Angela Corey, has been appointed special prosecutor to take over the investigation of the Trayvon Martin slaying. Originally the case was in the hands of Brevard/Seminole County State Attorney Norm Wolfinger, who had convened a grand jury for April 10. But the growing national and now international attention given the shooting of the unarmed 17-year-old spurred Florida Gov. Rick Scott and Atty. Gen. Pam Bondi to turn the case over to Corey. It’s unclear whether the grand jury will now meet.

Summary: Crump “officially” introduces DeeDee on Tuesday March 20th. An April 10th Grand Jury was already scheduled. On Thursday March 22nd Wolfinger subpoenaed DeeDee for the Grand Jury. On Friday March 23rd Wolfinger was replaced with Corey. On Tuesday March 27th DeeDee was still refusing to be interviewed. On Monday April 2nd she was interviewed by O’Steen and DeLaRionda.

On Monday April 9th the Grand Jury was cancelled, and on Tuesday April 10th the charges for arrest were processed for George Zimmerman. On Wednesday April 11th George Zimmerman was arrested.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33398,"First ABC began backing down. Now, less than 24 hours later it’s NBC’s turn. In two stories, both attached to the Trayvon Martin Case, NBC needs to walk back from their prior reporting: In the first story NBC is forced to admit … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
7505,"It should be noted Al-Shabaab -which is also known as AQNA (al-Qaeda in North Africa)- has previously been conclusively identified as maintaining training bases in Mexico (Report from 2011). It is the same group responsible for the Kenya Mall attacks and has threatened the Mall of America.

GARISSA, Kenya — Al-Shabaab gunmen rampaged through a university in northeastern Kenya at dawn Thursday, killing 147 people in the group’s deadliest attack in the East African country. Four militants were slain by security forces to end the siege just after dusk.

The masked attackers armed with AK-47s singled out non-Muslim students at Garissa University College and then gunned them down without mercy, survivors said. Others ran for their lives with bullets whistling through the air.

The gunmen had strapped themselves with explosives, Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery said. When Kenyan officers shot at the four, the attackers exploded “like bombs” and shrapnel from the explosions injured officers, he said.

The men took dozens of hostages in a dormitory for several hours as they battled troops and police before the operation was ended after about 13 hours, witnesses said.

Al-Shabaab spokesman Ali Mohamud Rage said fighters from the Somalia-based extremist group were responsible for the bloodshed. The al Qaeda-linked group has been blamed for a series of attacks in Kenya, including the siege at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi in 2013 that killed 67 people, as well as other violence in the north.

CBS News’ Debora Patta reports that students at Garissa college received letters about a week ago warning them of a possible attack, but it seemed no preventative measures were taken by security services. (read more)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121286,"WASHINGTON – President Trump on Tuesday said one of the best ways to prevent addictions to drugs such as heroin and prescription painkillers is to keep young people from taking them in the first place. “If they don’t start, they … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
84802,"Here’s another great example of ridiculously manipulated media polling, courtesy of the State of Arizona, the Arizona Republic and Real Clear Politics.

This latest construct of alternate reality is a great example because it shows how easy it is to dispatch the credibility of often mentioned Real Clear Politics (RCP) “polling averages“.

Beginning with Real Clear Politics selling the narrative:

Now look at how the Arizona Republic release today manipulates the RCP:

And check out what The Arizona Republic had to do in order to get their Hillary Clinton narrative in the headlines:

Yes, that’s correct. As unbelievable as it might sound, they used a D+34 Sample.

Republicans represented 24% of those polled.

Democrats represented 58% of those polled.

Independents represented 19% of those polled.

In order to get the poll to show Hillary Clinton with a 5 point lead, they needed to survey more than twice as many Democrats as Republicans. (Poll Data Here) This is so far over-the-top, it goes to show how far the media are willing to go in their efforts to retain the ruse.

That’s also how one media outlet can intentionally facilitate the entire MSM narrative.

The Arizona Republic is part of the USA Today (Gannett Company). The media entity has donated heavily to Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and endorsed her.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133584,"Muslim print shop stores will now be open to litigation if they refuse to depict their prophet Mohammed on customer T-Shirts. Muslim restaurant owners are now open to litigation if they refuse to make Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato sandwiches….. oh yeah, and Catholics business owners are now open to civil rights litigation if they refuse to participate in same sex marriage activities…..

(Raw Story) – After days of protests and criticism levied against her state, Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer (R) said on Wednesday that she vetoed SB 1062, which would have effectively legalized discrimination based on religious grounds.

Brewer said she had not heard of one example of religious freedoms being attacked without the bill, considered it broadly worded, and did not address any specific concerns.

She further said that SB 1062 “has the potential to create more problems than it purports to solve” and would be divisive “to a degree that no one would ever want.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129471,"Looks like SanFran found out what was in the bill and didn’t like it. … (via DailyCaller) Of the 204 new Obamacare waivers President Barack Obama’s administration approved in April, 38 are for fancy eateries, hip nightclubs and decadent hotels in House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi’s Northern California district. That’s in addition to the 27 new waivers for health care or drug companies and the 31 new union waivers Obama’s Department of Health and Human Services approved.

Pelosi’s district secured almost 20 percent of the latest issuance of waivers nationwide, and the companies that won them didn’t have much in common with companies throughout the rest of the country that have received Obamacarewaivers.

Other common waiver recipients were labor union chapters, large corporations, financial firms and local governments. But Pelosi’s district’s waivers are the first major examples of luxurious, gourmet restaurants and hotels getting a year-long pass from Obamacare. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126636,"Palin Will Attend Iowa Rally After O’Donnell Is Disinvited (Again) Thanks to a novice group of Tea Party operatives, or as Ken Crow refers to himself – an “old cowboy”, and a hyperactive media…what should have been a simple event … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
35407,"It’s called self immolation. July 20th 2016 will go down in Cruz family history as that moment when Ted Cruz detonated his career suicide belt and created the #NeverCruz movement.

Forget the non endorsement, that’s not the issue. Senator Cruz had a remarkable opportunity, he blew it. Cruz accepted an invitation to speak to the GOP convention then insulted the audience. Cruz couldn’t rise above his own brutal ego and petty selfishness. The arrogance simply went too far, he humiliated himself in front of millions.

Watch and see for yourself:

It happened just like we predicted it would. Donald Trump gave Senator Ted Cruz the rope, and Ted hung himself -diminished himself- on national TV.

Don’t be too angry… The backlash Cruz is going to get from his prideful and arrogant display will be written in the annals of political history and shared with political science classes for generations.

Cruz in 2020:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131916,"Julia Davis is a former DHS officer/supervisor for Customs and Border Protection turned “Whistleblower” who, in an effort to suppress her story and discredit her, was labelled a “domestic terrorist” and persecuted to a breathtaking extent.

1. Isolate

2. Ridicule

3. Marginalize

Her crime? She had evidence about potential terrorists entering the country on July 4, 2004 and her attempts to report her concerns “up the chain” were ignored because the intelligence department was having a unit social event barbeque – so she reported her concerns to the FBI instead about border crossers that fit the profile outlined in an alert to the Border Patrol. Her report to the FBI was viewed by DHS as a disloyal “whistleblower”.

In court documents, the government stated that they considered her a “domestic terrorist” because of her “derogatory” statements about the Department of Homeland Security.

Let that sink in. Speak the Truth rooted in deep love of country and be labelled a “domestic terrorist”.

She has also produced and released a movie called “Top Priority: The Terror Within“

http://topprioritymovie.com/

“This is an outstanding movie – one that exceeds every other modern documentary I’ve seen.”

-Lt. Col.. Anthony Shaffer

CBS “60 Minutes” interviewed Julia Davis at length – and then cancelled the scheduled airing – because of political pressure.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45559,"PRINCETON, NJ — Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich’s Positive Intensity Score dropped to 6 in the two weeks spanning May 16-29, down from 11 for May 9-22. Gingrich’s current Positive Intensity Score is his lowest to date, off from a score as high as 19 earlier this year, and among the lowest for any Republican candidate Gallup is tracking. Gingrich’s current Positive Intensity Score is based on the difference between the 13% of Republicans giving him a strongly favorable rating and the 7% giving him a strongly unfavorable rating, among those who recognize him. His score this week is slightly above Gary Johnson’s 4, which is the lowest for anyone tested, and slightly below Jon Huntsman’s 8. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45309,"For any other President, with any other media, at any other time in our nation, this story alone would lead to impeachment….. Congressional Oversight Committee has specific fact-based proof that President Obama collaborated with the Dept. Of Energy to steer … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45139,"We knew there would be CCTV video of both the inside and patio of Twin Peaks. Because the local Police, who immediately reviewed the footage yet continued to mislead the public about the impetus of the confrontation and gunfire, the … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129927,"BigFur does an excellent job of engaging the intellectual reality switch in the “ON” position.

He Doesn’t Sound Progressive To Me – By BigFurHat @iOTW

Yesterday I requested that people list Gingrich progressive policies that have ever become law. I wasn’t looking for things he has said, or places he might have worked as a private citizen, or thoughts he’s expressed as an intellectual compromise.

There was only one taker, and that person listed a co-sponsored bill from 1989, on Global Warming, that went nowhere. Newt is no longer a believer in AGW or it’s “solution”, cap and trade. I am not fearful of Gingrich flip-flopping on this.

The other 2 items listed were not policies, but just talk that the reader had a memory of. One was talk of healthcare subsidies in 1993. Gingrich, in 2011, vows to dismantle Obamacare. I see no evidence of Gingrich walking back on that promise.

The last item listed was when Newt was in the private sector and said he supported BushCare. This is not part of the Gingrich record. None of what this person listed, including the bi-partisan co-sponsored 1989 bill, is Gingrich policy.

Actually the Gingrich policies we lived with were largely the policies signed into law by Ronaldus Maximus, conservative’s most beloved president. Most of what Reagan ran on in 1984 were ideas that came straight out of Gingrich’s Think Tank group called the Conservative Opportunity Society.

It was Gingrich’s Gang of Seven which was the germination that became the Contract With America which led to knee-capping Bill Clinton in 1994 by winning the house and forcing Clinton to tack center. This was all Newt Gingrich. When progressives say that Clinton balanced the budget and created a surplus they mean Newt Gingrich did those things.

Gingrich famously played a game of chicken with Clinton and the government was shut down. This showdown led to the balanced budget agreement of 1997, and 4 years of balanced budgets followed. This is not a progressive in action. This is a progslayer.

In addition to this, Gingrich in a debate with Obama? I’m willing to roll the dice on Gingrich JUST TO SEE THOSE DEBATES. I’m not officially backing Gingrich, I’m just incredulous at the claim by Glenn Beck and others that Newt Gingrich is a progressive. That’s poppycock.

Also, Politijim calls Newt the Lie and Gotcha Bomb Squad. No politician has more breadth and depth with facts and figures than Newt. (visit iOTW for more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121066,"Interesting development in the aftermath of the Baltimore Six trials in the death of Freddie Gray. A federal judge, Marvin J Garbis, has allowed a “malicious prosecution and defamation” lawsuit against Baltimore Prosecutor Marilyn Mosby to proceed.

Ms. Mosby’s position was that she held absolute prosecutorial immunity from actions taken as a state’s attorney.

Under normal prosecutorial constructs her office would most likely be correct. However, the judge rightly pointed out that Mosby conducted an independent investigation using her office for more than just prosecution:

“Plaintiffs’ malicious prosecution claims relate to her actions when functioning as an investigator and not as a prosecutor,” Garbis wrote. –link–

You might remember, almost all of the initial findings -used to construct the original charging documents against the Baltimore officers- stemmed from Ms. Mosby’s own independent investigation of fact.

It appears Marilyn Mosby’s independent approach, to ensure the officer’s arrests and prosecution, could now be her own undoing. Judge Garbis attaches direct liability to her for actions, behaviors and decisions she exclusively controlled.

All claims against the state were dismissed by Garbis, but the claims against Ms. Mosby will go forward:

♦ […] Plaintiffs allege facts adequate to present a plausible claim that at least some of Mosby’s defamatory press conference statements were made with knowledge that they were false or made with reckless disregard of whether they were false or not, that is with the requisite malice for defamation purposes [page 18 Garbis ruling pdf below] ♦ […] Plaintiffs have presented factual allegations adequate to present a plausible claim that Mosby knew of the falsity of her statements, or acted with reckless disregard of the truth and the false light, in which Plaintiffs would be placed [page 20 Garbis ruling pdf below] ♦ […] Plaintiffs have alleged facts adequate to present a plausible claim that Mosby was instrumental in the investigation on which the Application was based and participated in writing the Application – even though Cogen signed it and submitted it to the Commissioner. They have plausibly alleged that Mosby, in her press conference, read false statements in the Application that she had created and knew were false for such purposes as “appeasing the public and quelling the riots,” getting the benefit of national attention and media coverage, and promoting her political agenda. [page 24 Garbis ruling pdf below]

**Thunderclap** That there is a pretty blistering affirmation by Judge Garbis to the position of the plaintiffs, the six police officers.

Obviously, Ms. Mosby will appeal this decision to a higher court. However, if continual rulings favor the plaintiffs, and there’s no reason under these very specific circumstances to believe they won’t, well, this means discovery in the lawsuit against her will begin.

Can you imagine the discovery in this case? Marilyn Mosby and all of the investigators she controlled, leveraged and pressured may soon find themselves being the subject of depositions, inquires and investigation.

Justice, in this malicious case, could yet be delivered.

.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124559,A few things become concerning with the information coming out. At the top of that list comes the fact most of the terrorists *travelled to* the country to carry out the attack passing through multiple security levels. New York Times […] The … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123706,"I read this yesterday and hoped it was spoof. No, really, I’m serious; I was hoping this was a joke – because absent of it being a joke the profound STUPIDITY is beyond comprehension. School staff walked up to the … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45756,"Previously unseen footage taken from a car’s onboard camera has been recovered, and shows the moment the Japanese tsunami hits a busy highway and the ensuing chaos that follows.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128453,"There is a solid argument to be made that forcing Donald Trump to sign the Republican Pledge was step one in this RNC/GOPe strategy. He’s now locked in the Thunderdome!

When you fully understand the scope of how the Republican National Committee organized the entire road map to elect Jeb Bush, you begin to understand why Reince Priebus needed to lock the door behind Trump before unleashing the thugs upon him.

Hundreds of millions will be spent on this RNC/GOPe effort to destroy Trump. It will be unlike any scorched earth campaign ever witnessed. The brutality of the intended targeting is so severe, even the New York Times is willing to broadcast the bloodbath.

New York Times – Quiet conversations have begun in recent weeks among some of the Republican Party’s biggest donors and normally competing factions, all aimed at a single question: How can we stop Donald Trump?

Republican strategists and donors have assembled focus groups to test negative messages about Mr. Trump. They have amassed dossiers on his previous support for universal health care and higher taxes. They have even discussed the creation of a “super PAC” to convince conservatives that Mr. Trump is not one of them.

But the mammoth big-money network assembled by Republicans in recent years is torn about how best to defuse the threat Mr. Trump holds for their party, and haunted by the worry that any concerted attack will backfire.

In phone calls, private dinners and occasional consultations among otherwise rivalrous outside groups, many have concluded that Mr. Trump’s harsh manner and continued attacks on immigrants and women were endangering the party’s efforts to compete in the general election. Yet after committing hundreds of millions of dollars to shape the Republican primary contest and groom a candidate who can retake the White House, the conservative donor class is finding that money — even in an era of super PACs and billion-dollar presidential campaigns — is a devalued currency in the blustery, post-policy campaign fashioned by Mr. Trump, driven not by seven-figure paid advertising campaigns but by Twitter feuds and unending free publicity.

[…] And there is no certainty of success: A group identified with the Republican establishment would risk ending up in a war with Mr. Trump, while a new group — such as a political nonprofit to which other donors and organizations could secretly funnel cash — would play into Mr. Trump’s comments about lobbyists and corporations scheming to prop up his rivals. Mr. Trump also has begun to preview such attacks.

This week, he lambasted both Karl Rove, a Crossroads co-founder, and the Club for Growth, which he said once asked him for a million-dollar contribution. (A club spokesman said that Mr. Trump asked for the meeting with Mr. McIntosh, which took place in May.)

“Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to ‘attack’ Trump,” Mr. Trump said Tuesday on Twitter. “Remember when u see them.” (read more)

PREPARE FOR WAR !

Just a Reminder, this is an insurgency. – The modern enemy of Wall Street is Main Street vulgarians. The enemy of the RNC/GOPe is not Democrats, it’s Grassroots Conservatives, more vulgarians.

The Republican Party, and the Republican media apparatus, view us as their enemy. We are the enemy they need to protect themselves from:

In 2014, the RNC approved selection rules that govern how each state’s delegates are portioned out from the primaries. Under one of the changes, states holding their primaries between March 1 and March 14 will have their delegates doled out proportionately with election results, a change that will likely stymie a movement candidate.

States that have primaries on or after March 15 will be winner-take-all states. That’s important because another RNC rule change requires that a candidate must win a majority of delegates in eight or more states before his or her name may be presented for nomination at the 2016 Republican National Convention.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128007,"Yet we support these rogues and NATO is fighting on their behalf ? (ANSAmed) – ROME, JUNE 6 – For the first time, the Algerian Army fought Libyan rebels who – taking advantage of a football match between Algerian and Morocco on Saturday – infiltrated into Algerian territory in order to try to take control of the Libya-Algeria border checkpoint in the area of Debdab in the extreme southeast of the country. Clashes between the Algerian Army and Libyan rebels lasted until yesterday morning, according to Algerian daily Al Nahar Al Jadeed. The Libyan rebels, underlined the daily, tried to surprise the pro-Gaddafi forces that control the border checkpoint on the Libyan side by launching an attack from Algerian territory. The attempt by the Libyan rebels, explained the daily, failed thanks to the fast reaction of the Algerian Army, which forced the Libyan rebels to retreat after violent clashes. (ANSAmed).

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131298,"(CNN) — A former U.S. congresswoman slammed U.S. policy on Libyan state TV late Saturday and stressed the “last thing we need to do is spend money on death, destruction and war.” The station is fiercely loyal to Moammar Gadhafi and her interview was spliced with what appeared to be rallies in support of the embattled Libyan leader.

“I think that it’s very important that people understand what is happening here. And it’s important that people all over the world see the truth. And that is why I am here … to understand the truth,” former Rep. Cynthia McKinney said during a live interview.

She said she was invited to Libya by the “nongovernmental organization for fact-finding,” adding that she intends to bring more people to the country soon so that “they too can understand.” NATO warplanes have been pounding military targets since March after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution to protect civilians by any means necessary, as Gadhafi’s forces try to quash a nearly three-month revolt against the leader’s roughly 42 years of rule.

Gadhafi’s government has repeatedly urged the international community to send fact-finding teams to Libya to report what’s happening on the ground.

“I want to say categorically and very clearly that these policies of war … are not what the people of the United States stand for, and it’s not what African-Americans stand for,” she told state TV.

The former Georgia representative also slammed the economic policies of U.S. President Barack Obama and said the government of the United States no longer represents the interests of the American people.

“Under the economic policies of the Obama administration, those who have the least are losing the most. And those who have the most are getting even more,” she said. “The situation in the United States is becoming more dire for average ordinary Americans, and the last thing we need to do is to spend money on death, destruction and war.”

Separately, McKinney appeared on state-run Press TV this week in Iran. She was reported to be in Tehran attending the International Conference on Global Alliance Against Terrorism for a Just Peace.

I can see Jane Fonda applauding with glee……/SD

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33569,"Dear Patriot,

President Obama is panicking because he has been unable to get his supporters to match our activism. The Tea Party has been mobilized and, just through our system, more than 350,000 direct contacts to elected representatives have been made. That is an average of more than 650 contacts to each of the 535 members of Congress. Imagine the desperation it must take to motivate the leader of the free world to twice take to the national airwaves and plead with his supporters to contact their members of Congress; it is unheard of!Obama is trying to jam through his radical policies the same way he did with Obamacare, but this time his only hope of success is to convince enough members of the Republican controlled house to cave. WE MUST NOT LET THAT HAPPEN! If you haven’t used our system to send two separate sets of letters to your elected leaders in Washington, we

need you to do that today!

As part of his plea, Obama is trying to use Twitter to pressure elected members. His Twitter account is listing the Twitter handles of Republican members of Congress asking them to “compromise.” It isn’t the Republicans who have been unwilling to compromise; it’s Obama. If anything, the Republicans have already given away too much! Obama’s dangerous message cannot exist in a vacuum on these social networks

WE MUST RESPOND!

If you have a Twitter account already, please send a tweet to @BarackObama. USE hashtag #OBAMAFAIL to let @BarackObama have it for attacking Congress on Twitter! #tcot #teaparty #gop #SGP #tlot #politics

If you don’t have an account, you can easily create one at www.twitter.com. After you sign up, do a search in the Twitter search bar for theteaparty_net and followus. After following us, you can then send a message to President Obama by starting your tweet with @BarackObama and make sure it’s included in our effort by finishing with #OBAMAFAIL. If you aren’t sure how it all works, sign up, follow us, and a member of our team will walk you through it.

EXAMPLE TWEET (140 characters maximum allowed): You can copy and paste this if

desired or customize.

@BarackObama, Put country’s interest before ur political ambitions! Cut $$s today. Don’t burden r children. #OBAMAFAIL #tcot #teaparty #gop #SGP #tlot #politics

RECAP: Make sure that you have sent at least 2 sets of letters to your elected Representatives by using our incredible system please take a few moments and do so!

Send a message to Obama on Twitter by using @BarackObama and include the hashtag #OBAMAFAIL.

Thank you,

Todd Cefaratti

Freedom Organizer

LAST UPDATED ON JULY 29 AT 3:40 p.m.

House Republicans against/leaning no on Boehner plan (15)

Justin Amash (Mich.)

Michele Bachmann (Minn.) — A certain no; she voted against CCB*

Paul Broun (Ga.) — Voted against CCB*; Still a firm no, his office said Friday.

Jason Chaffetz (Utah) — Changes made on Friday have not changed his position; He is a no

Jeff Duncan (S.C.)

Tom Graves (Ga.)

Tim Huelskamp (Kan.) — BBA changes haven’t swayed him; he’s a no

Jim Jordan (Ohio)

Steve King (Iowa) — His office said Friday he still is a no

Connie Mack (Fla.) — His office on Friday said Mack is a firm no; voted against CCB*

Mick Mulvaney (S.C.)

Ron Paul (Texas) — Voted against CCB*; firm no

Steve Southerland (Fla.) — His office on Friday said he is still a no

Joe Walsh (Ill.)

Joe Wilson (S.C.)

House Republicans leaning yes (7)

Marsha Blackburn (Tenn.)

Blake Farenthold (Texas)

Louie Gohmert (Texas) — Said he’s leaning yes after changes. Adds “I like what I’m hearing.”

Doug Lamborn (Colo.)

Cynthia Lummis (Wyo.)

Bobby Schilling (Ill.)

Rob Woodall (Ga.)

House Republicans planning to vote yes (76)

Todd Akin (Mo.) — Senate hopeful had been a firm no before BBA changes

Roscoe Bartlett (Md.)

Dan Benishek (Mich.) — Announced he is a yes on his Facebook page. Key get for GOP leaders because Benishek has bucked the party trend before

Rob Bishop (Utah)

Diane Black (Tenn.)

Jo Bonner (Ala.)

Charles Boustany Jr. (La.)

Mo Brooks (Ala.) — Brooks told The Hill he is a yes

Ann Marie Buerkle (N.Y.)

Kevin Brady (Texas)

Michael Burgess (Texas) — Said he’ll vote yes after leaving Speaker’s office Thursday night

Dave Camp (Mich.)

John Campbell (Calif.) — Said Friday House GOP needs to seize momentum by passing bill

Steve Chabot (Ohio)

Tom Cole (Okla.)

Rick Crawford (Ark.)

Jeff Denham (Calif.)

Robert Dold (Ill.)

Sean Duffy (Wis.)

Renee Ellmers (N.C.)

Jeff Flake (Ariz.) — Senate hopeful says new language means he’ll support bill.

Stephen Fincher (Tenn.)

Chuck Fleischmann (Tenn.)

Bill Flores (Texas)

Randy Forbes (Va.)

Scott Garrett (N.J.) — Says he’ll support bill after addition of new language.

Cory Gardner (Colo.)

Bob Gibbs (Ohio)

Phil Gingrey (Ga.) — Switches from no after new language added to bill.

Bob Goodlatte (Va.)

Paul Gosar (Ariz.)

Frank Guinta (N.H.)

Tim Griffin (Ark.)

Michael Grimm (N.Y.)

Andy Harris (Md.) — Had been a no, but BBA makes him a yes

Nan Hayworth (N.Y.)

Duncan Hunter (Calif.)

Bill Huizenga (Mich.) — Announced on the evening of July 28 that he is a yes

Randy Hultgren (Ill.) — Was undecided before changes were made to bill

John Kline (Minn.)

Darrell Issa (Calif.)

Walter Jones (N.C.)

Mike Kelly (Pa.)

Adam Kinzinger (Ill.)

Jeff Landry (La.) — BBA wins his support

James Lankford (Okla.)

Steven LaTourette (Ohio) — Predicts GOP will get the votes

Billy Long (Mo.)

Dan Lungren (Calif.)

Don Manzullo (Ill.)

Thaddeus McCotter (Mich.)

Kristi Noem (S.D.)

Rich Nugent (Fla.)

Alan Nunnelee (Miss.)

Steven Palazzo (Miss.)

Mike Pence (Ind.)

Mike Pompeo (Kan.)

Ben Quayle (Ariz.) — His office on Friday said he will support the bill

Tom Reed (N.Y.)

Jim Renacci (Ohio)

Reid Ribble (Wis.)

Scott Rigell (Va.)

Martha Roby (Ala.)

Dana Rohrabacher (Calif.) — Voted against CCB*; told The Hill on Friday that he supports new bill

Tom Rooney (Fla.) — Announced he will support the bill

Jon Runyan (N.J.)

Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (Fla.)

Paul Ryan (Wis.)

Jean Schmidt (Ohio) — Her office said the congresswoman will support the modified bill

Austin Scott (Ga.)

Marlin Stutzman (Ind.)

Scott Tipton (Colo.)

Tim Walberg (Mich.) — Announced on Friday he supports new bill with BBA language; had been on the fence Thursday

Daniel Webster (Fla.)

Allen West (Fla.)

Steve Womack (Ark.)

Lynn Westmoreland (Ga.)

Todd Young (Ind.)

Undecided/Still reviewing/Unclear (28)

Joe Barton (Texas)

Dan Burton (Ind.)

Francisco “Quico” Canseco (Texas)

Chip Cravaack (Minn.)

Scott DesJarlais (Tenn.) — Voted against CCB*; Still undecided on Friday

John Duncan Jr. (Tenn.) — No comment from his office on Friday

Trent Franks (Ariz.)

Trey Gowdy (S.C.) — Says he may support the bill after BBA added

Morgan Griffith (Va.) — Voted against CCB*; His office on Friday said he was reviewing new bill

Jamie Herrera Beutler (Wash.)

Timothy Johnson (Ill.)

Jack Kingston (Ga.)

Raúl Labrador (Idaho) — His office on Friday said he is undecided

Doug Lamborn (Colo.)

Tom Latham (Iowa) — Congressman is still reviewing the new bill

Tom McClintock (Calif.) — His office on Friday said the congressman is evaluating the new measure

Tom Marino (Pa.) — After Friday GOP Conference meeting, Marino declined to comment

Jeff Miller (Fla.)

Devin Nunes (Calif.)

Erik Paulsen (Minn.) — His office on Friday said the congressman is undecided

Ted Poe (Texas)

Denny Rehberg (Mont.)

Dennis Ross (Fla.)

Tim Scott (S.C.)

David Schweikert (Ariz.)

Michael Turner (Ohio)

Kevin Yoder (Kan.)

Don Young (Alaska)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123310,"Least surprising announcement ever…

WASHINGTON DC – Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch has decided to launch a federal investigation into whether the Baltimore Police Department has engaged in a “pattern or practice” of excessive force.

Lynch’s announcement about the Justice Department’s probe — the latest in a string of municipalities that are being investigated by the federal government for civil rights violations — could come as early as Friday, according to two law enforcement officials.

A Justice Department spokeswoman declined to comment Thursday night.

Lynch hinted Thursday that a decision could come soon, when she testified during her first hearing on Capitol Hill as attorney general. She said that she would decide “in the coming days” whether to have the department’s civil rights division open an investigation into the Baltimore police force.

Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake on Wednesday called on the Justice Department to open a federal investigation. Rawlings-Blake made the request after Baltimore State’s Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby filed criminal charges against six Baltimore officers who were involved in the arrest of Freddie Gray, who died of injuries sustained while he was in police custody. (read more)

Less than an hour ago:

UPDATE: Patapsco Ave – The shooting victim has died from her injuries. Homicide detectives are now investigating this incident. — Baltimore Police (@BaltimorePolice) May 8, 2015

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123238,"A letter from Hillary Clinton’s legal team (embed below)to the House Committee On Benghazi. The attorney’s agree to one appearance, but refuse a second.

Originally committee chairman, Trey Gowdy, wanted Secretary Clinton to appear first to address the email and communication issues to gain a better understanding of what documentation issues surround her tenure as Secretary of state; and a second appearance to address the structural questions about Benghazi as they relate to the issues not yet reconciled:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45592,"(USA Today) — Jesse Jackson said Thursday that the Tea Party’s tenets are reminiscent of state’s rights philosophies used in decades past to oppose federally mandated integration.

“The Tea Party is not new,” Jackson said at a luncheon honoring civil rights pioneers on Thursday. “It’s just a new name for an old game.”

The event was one of several taking place this week in conjunction with Sunday’s planned dedication of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial on the National Mall. Organizers announced Thursday night that the dedication had been postponed because of Hurricane Irene. (racist spoiler hurricanes… /sd)

The luncheon, held in a packed ballroom, cost $$85 to attend. It included surviving confidantes of King — Andrew Young, former U.N. ambassador and mayor of Atlanta, and Julian Bond, a founder of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee— along with modern-day civil rights leaders, including NAACP President Benjamin Jealous and National Urban League President Marc Morial, who was emcee.

Several speakers urged the public to use the memorial dedication as a starting point for addressing society’s problems. “We haven’t yet reached the promised land that Dr. King spoke of,” said Attorney General Eric Holder, who added that he and President Obama were results of the civil rights movement.

Jackson, who was with King when he was shot and killed in Memphis in 1968, said modern-day civil rights efforts should focus on issues such as ending “expensive, unnecessary, ungodly wars” and creating a fair tax code where “the wealthiest pay their fair share.” He also called for reversing policies — such as disparities in how crimes involving cocaine and crack are punished — that result in longer prison sentences for African-American men. His voice caught and shook at times during the speech. (more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123372,"Prediction: Over the next few years the stability advancement shown here by Catalian Duru will lead to collaborations with gyroscopic engineers (think Segway) and by Christmas 2020 the hottest gift under the tree with be a Hoverboard.

It’s a world record-setting flight by Canadian inventor Catalin Alexandru Duru aboard a homebrew hoverboard. He recently piloted this prototype nearly 1000 feet across a Quebec lake to set the record. (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223515,"A few days BigFurHat @iOTW predicted the following:

Many laughed thinking it was silly. Well, it has indeed come to pass

Rushmore blockage stirs anger in S.D. – Blocking access to trails and programs at South Dakota’s most popular attraction was one thing, but state officials didn’t expect Congress’ budget stalemate to shut down a view of Mount Rushmore.

The National Park Service placed cones along highway viewing areas outside Mount Rushmore this week, barring visitors from pulling over and taking pictures of the famed monument. (link)

continue reading

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224473,"H.J. Resolution 41, “disapproving the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rule on disclosure of payments by “resource extraction issuers”, ie. energy companies.

Foreign energy companies, developers and extractors do not have to publicly show their financial transactions with foreign governments. An existing U.S. SEC rule designed to provide disclosure on corporate ‘donations’ to foreign governments put our energy corporations at a disadvantage.

The existing rule meant that U.S. corporations were revealing where and when they were planning to invest in energy development. Competing nations energy companies were using that public disclosure information to out maneuver the U.S. on contracts.

Prior administrations and prior congressional leadership didn’t see a problem with the disadvantage due to the inherent political ideology. Prior U.S. political leadership maintained a globalist perspective, they advocate for globalization, which inherently means they were comfortable with the U.S. disadvantage because it spread the energy development wealth to lesser nations.

Congress voted earlier this month to kill the existing SEC rule and sent it on to Trump, highlighting the rules impact in putting American energy companies at a disadvantage. [Insert probable Trump conversation with T-Rex here].

Today with HJ Resolution 41 President Trump removed the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) advanced notification rule, and leveled the playing field for the U.S. energy companies.

White House Press Release

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225239,"This is Thread #2

Saint Louis Public Radio is uploading the evidence released from Saint Louis Prosecutors. You can find the uploads HERE

CLICK HERE FOR LINK

Let’s Crowdsource and see if we can find the details. Use the comment links to summarize and drop direct links to information you find valuable.

HERE’S ANOTHER LINK FOR PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE – HERE

Please keep this thread isolated to only discussion of Grand Jury Evidence.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45624,"Whoa! I’m going to have consult with my personal barista, Ms. Zophiel.

(DailyMail)…Have you ever wondered how Starbucks makes their Strawberry Frappuccinos look so vibrantly pink? The pink hue is thanks to crushed up insects, according to new information provided by the coffee chain giant. If this fact doesn’t bother you and you are still a number one fan feel free to get a £5 off voucher code here.

In a statement released by Starbucks, the company has revealed that they use cochineal extract, which is the ground-up bodies of insects, as a dye for the popular rose-coloured beverage. Bugs from mainly Mexico and South America are dried out before they are ground and used in the milky-based Frappuccino drink.

As stomach-turning as it may sound, the ingredient is in fact harmless. Commonly used to help liven up the dull hues of jams, meats, cheese, baked goods, alcoholic drinks and more, cochineal extract has been used as a colouring agent in food and drinks for centuries. It has been deemed safe by the United States’ Food and Drug Administration. Starbucks said it had decided to use cochineal extract to help limit the use of artificial ingredients in its products. “At Starbucks, we strive to carry products that meet a variety of dietary lifestyles and needs,” the statement read. “While the strawberry base isn’t a vegan product, it helps us move away from artificial dyes.” But the all-natural matter is not entirely free of health risks. The World Health Organization has found that cochineal extract may cause asthma in some people. Others may see an allergic reaction. Vegan fans may not be happy with its inclusion either. ThisDishIsVegetarian.com, an animal rights and eco-friendly news site, labels the extract non-vegan. I guess you know what comes next don’t you?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128107,"Guess they never heard of the “Don’t Mess With Texas” bit …. (PJ Tatler) – On April 13, 2011, the EPA publishing its ruling that Texas must comply with the Clean Air Transport Rule (CATR). Using the CATR, the EPA is set to include Texas in the national sulfur dioxide program, without any comment from any of the state’s stakeholders, political leaders or industry leaders allowed. No public review, just bam!, Texans get the EPA jackboot. The EPA’s effort to strong arm Texas away from its successful and flexible state-level clean air program, established in the 1990s and which has enjoyed bipartisan support, and into the EPA’s less effective national program has been building since President Obama’s inauguration. The CATR ruling may bring that battle to a head.

As one might expect, the mostly Republican Texas Congressional delegation is very unhappy with the EPA’s actions. On June 16, it fired off a protest letter to Cass Sunstein, administrator of Information and Regulatory Affairs at the OMB. The letter notes the total lack of input the EPA gave the state of Texas, and further notes that the rule change is likely to cost the state billions of dollars while cutting electrical power that will be available to the state’s citizens and industry. After noting the rule’s many other inadequacies, the letter asks OMB to evaluate the EPA’s “seriously flawed” ruling. The letter, downloadable in PDF format here, is signed by the Republican members of Texas’ delegation to Congress. The Texas Democrats apparently took a pass.

It’s a rare moment when Republicans and unions agree on much, but as it turns out, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) union agrees: The EPA is dangerously overreaching in its CATR finding. The IBEW also fired off a letter of protest on June 16, to Gina McCarthy, assistant administrator of the EPA’s Office of Air and Regulation. The letter strongly protests the EPA’s failure to allow for any comment on the rule change, and expresses the IBEW’s concern that “including Texas in the final CATR for SO2 would result in significant increases in electricity rates, temporary or even permanent shutdown of existing coal-fired power plants, reduced capacity reserves and enormous job losses. This action would directly jeopardize the jobs of approximately 1,500 IBEW members working at six different power plants across the state of Texas.”

That Texas economic success story you’ve been hearing so much about in the news lately? The EPA’s actions here threaten it very directly, by increasing electricity costs while throwing thousands of Texans out of work. If the EPA wants Texas’ unemployment rate to climb up to the higher national average, this ruling may help that along. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123162,"(Via Washington Free Beacon) A little-known private foundation controlled by Bill and Hillary Clinton donated $$100,000 to the New York Times’ charitable fund in 2008, the same year the newspaper’s editorial page endorsed Clinton in the Democratic presidential primary, according to tax documents reviewed by the Washington Free Beacon.

The Clinton Family Foundation, a separate entity from the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, has been the family’s vehicle for personal charitable giving since 2001.

It is funded directly by the Clintons and distributes more than $$1 million a year to civic and educational causes.

The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund is a charity affiliated with the newspaper that assists underprivileged New Yorkers. It is run by members of the New York Times Company’s board of directors and senior executives. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
2833,"There has been a considerable response to the recent article: “Why I Support Donald Trump’s Campaign“, which has led to a larger conversation about the current cause of the problem for our body politic. That expanded conversation deserves further explanation.

However, before going into the details I must thank the fine people at Lucianne for being brave enough to share the original article.

I say “brave enough”, because in today’s modern era when totalitarian government is unbelievably the norm – it takes courage to look at the brutally honest truth. Beyond that it takes bravery to share the truth knowing there are going to be vitriolic opinions against the messenger by those with a vested interest in the status quo.

It is uncomfortable to accept that a substantive part of the oppositional message about the “Citizens United” SCOTUS decision was factually accurate.

Citizens United did not only open the doors for unlimited use of money to be spent in advancement of political messaging and candidate advocacy – it opened the door for unlimited money to be spent protecting the establishment political class.

Most conservatives, including myself, did not initially see that consequence coming over the horizon.

The unpredicted consequence of Citizens United has been massive amounts of money directed into the coffers of the K-Street groups, through constructs like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Those funds now being used to attack political opponents trying to remove the “status quo” incumbents.

The Citizens United SCOTUS decision unleashed Wall Street to protect the Professional Political Class – the very antithesis of what most of us thought would be the outcome. As we previously outlined Citizens United has in essence empowered our own demise.

As if on cue – two articles appeared within 12 hours of publishing yesterday’s outline. Both articles present two examples of exactly what we were talking about.

Last night:

Allies of Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn are forming a nonprofit to support the Republican policy agenda http://t.co/EvSiWkZxTr — POLITICO (@politico) July 14, 2015

Allies of Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn are forming a nonprofit to support the Republican policy agenda as the threat of a partisan showdown over spending this fall continues to grow. […] The decision to launch the group comes as several similar nonprofits have been created to provide Republican leaders with air cover during politically contentious battles with the conservative flank of Congress, as well as Democrats and the White House. (link)

Gee, I wonder what those “allies of Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn” are intent on doing as it relates to the budget and debt ceiling. Perhaps you should reference the CoC position on the matter. Nuf said.

And today:

New Senate GOP super PAC takes in $5 million http://t.co/V5djcp0KG7 by @apalmerdc — POLITICO (@politico) July 14, 2015

[…] SLF, which was founded in mid-January, is part of a growing universe of outside Republican groups that have sprouted up over the last few years. In particular, Republican operatives have focused on defending the new GOP majority in the Senate. (link)

….Where “defending the GOP” is defending incumbency against removal by the grass roots base within the party. That base is probably you, maybe.

If you doubt this is actually the goal, ask yourself when was the last time you saw a GOP Non-Profit, or Super PAC, attacking a Democrat policy initiative?

Doesn’t happen.

They use these funds to shield their incumbency. If you need further evidence I would direct your attention to history. Perhaps you would remember Ken Cuccinelli in Virginia circa 2014 and the CoC efforts through GOP Leader Senator Mitch McConnell’s office.

Or maybe you might need to reference Thad Cochran in Mississippi’s 2014 GOP primary, where the GOP machine (PAC’s and Non-Profits) spent money on racist attack ads against Chris McDaniels – even paying Democrats to vote in the 2nd GOP primary to support the incumbent Cochran, attacking the GOP rival.

Pure incumbency protectionism facilitated by the Citizens United decision, funded through Wall Street, directly to the CoC, K-Street and protectionist PACS as outlined above.

I should note here the primary organizer of that Mississippi effort, Brad Dayspring, now works for Scott Walker’s election Super-PAC. And for those who say the PAC isn’t associated with the campaign… well, the PAC was created, and Dayspring was hired, a month before Walkers’ campaign filed FEC paperwork. That is, when Walker and the PAC were still legally able to meet, talk shop, strategize and coordinate. So, well, yeah, unfortunately Walker is directly approving of Dayspring (also see: “willful blindness”) I digress.

All of this is merely outlining tripwires you can look for to see what the professional political class have in mind. Again, and I cannot emphasize this enough, this is not some weird conspiracy theory; this is purely accepting what the professionally republican leadership is going to do, when they say they are going to do it.

Nothing more, and nothing less.

Is it possible to beat them? Eh, well, Yes and No. The yes part, refers to a traditional hunting model when you are tracking a herd. You don’t aim for the center of the herd, you pick off the outliers before the herd realizes they are under attack. That’s what Dave Bratt did in Virginia to remove Eric Cantor.

By the time the professional GOP herd noticed Cantor was vulnerable, it was too late. However, it only works with one or two targets. As soon as the herd know you are approaching, it’s impossible to get another victory because they coalesce, and attack back en mass. As they immediately did in Mississippi.

So what are the consequences to all of this DEFENSIVE SPENDING?

When it comes to presidential politics you have to understand the design already in place. We shared it yesterday, and we shared it last year when we first saw this beginning.

Right now, not one single candidate has outlined a viable strategy to beat THEIR JEB BUSH ELECTION PLAN, other than Donald Trump. You might like Rick Perry, Scott Walker, Ted Cruz, Carly Fiorina, et al… but they don’t stand a chance against the roadmap.

It’s laughable to hear someone talk about winning Pennsylvania (Walker), Ohio (Kaisch) or Texas (Cruz/Perry) primaries when you know full well the 100 delegates taken from Florida wipe out anyone else’s chances to remain in the race beyond that. (Again, see Romney 2012).

Y’all remember how Romney went full rabid wolverine on Newt Gingrich after SC ’12? Surely you remember that Romney blistering attack on Newt (never-to-be-seen-again against Barack Obama) to take Florida.

That’s the establishment plan in ’16 too with Jeb as the Florida hometown guy.

Also, don’t forget, the professionally Republican hold all the “Super Delegates” too – who are worth a lot more than individual delegates.

All the Cruz, Perry, Walker, Fiorina campaign t-shirts 2015 are as valuable as Herman Cain, Perry, Santorum and Gingrich t-shirts in 2012. Which is to say worthless.

And for the love of God spare us another year of talks of a “brokered convention”; when you know full well the brokering within the convention is fully controlled by the Republican machine.

Hopeless? Yeah, it was until a few weeks ago…

…Donald Trump can upend the intensely planned apple cart and snatch Florida away from Bush/Rubio. If Trump can destroy the GOP Florida 5-state strategy, then all the other candidates stand a chance, including Trump.

But yeah, the GOP know that too. And given what you know now about what to expect from the professionally republican, what do you think Wall Street, The CoC and The GOP will do to stop Donald Trump?

Before you answer that question too quickly, remember “Citizens United” !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128981,"Exact figures unknown, emergency workers found napping…

New Zealand – MORE than 200 sheep have been killed in a truck rollover near Orange in the NSW central west. Police say the truck was carrying about 500 sheep when it crashed on Millthorpe Rd, Millthorpe, about 9pm (AEDT) last night. The truck driver escaped uninjured.

The road was closed for the salvage operation while a veterinarian assessed the condition of the surviving sheep. Police said more than 200 of the livestock were killed or put down as a result of the accident. A spokeswoman said they were attempting to establish the circumstances of the crash and anyone with information [or No-Doze] was asked to contact Crime Stoppers. (article)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
34446,"We’ll continue to look for specific information from the meeting. In the interim here’s a brief video to show you the level of resident interest:

Politically correct local media report – CLICK HERE

“Dozens of people turned out for the Myrtle Beach City Council meeting Tuesday afternoon after a violent weekend. Citizens will be able to comment and it’s expected to be Bike Fest Violence dominating the Public comments. The meeting is being held at the Ted C. Collins Law Enforcement Center in Myrtle Beach”. (link)

“Dozens” ? Gee, how generous (/sarc)… move along, move along.. nothing to see here folks… nothing to see… move along, move along.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128093,"

NEW ORLEANS – Texas Gov. Rick Perry, sounding like a candidate for the White House, called for turning more power over to state governments in a Saturday speech that is likely to fuel further speculation about his presidential ambitions.

Addressing GOP activists and officials at the Republican Leadership Conference, Mr. Perry touched on the theme of individual liberty important to tea party activists and challenged GOP candidates not to shrink from social issues, such as opposition to abortion.

“It’s time to reconnect with the greatest attributes of our nation, to regain that resilient spirit and recapture that love of freedom,” Mr. Perry told the crowd.

Even as polls show former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney building a lead over other presidential contenders, many of the activists and party officials gathered at a hotel on the banks of the Mississippi said they would like to see Mr. Perry enter the race.

“I hope Rick Perry gets in,” said Troy Terrell, the 69-year-old mayor of Converse, La.

“He’s awesome,” said Cherie Billings, chairman of the Nassau County Republican Party in Florida. “He would be a good addition to the race.”

The potential for the telegenic Texan to emerge as an alternative to Mr. Romney sends a troubling signal to those candidates already trying to claim that mantle. “Perry probably swallows up the rest of the air in the race,” said John Ryder, a member of the Republican National Committee from Tennessee. “He would give Romney a run for it.”

Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour, who abandoned his own presidential aspirations earlier this year, said the Texas governor would “be a serious candidate, if he chooses to run,” because he’s “relatively well known for somebody just now thinking about running.”

The latest Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll showed Mr. Romney garnering support from 30% of Republican primary voters, a far larger share than for any other candidate or potential candidate. Eight percent of the respondents said they would support Mr. Perry, who only recently expressed interested in the race.

But the survey also showed significant dissatisfaction among Republicans with the current field of candidates.

Mr. Perry, 61 years old, had been dismissive of a White House bid until the last few weeks. He eventually opened the door by telling reporters in Texas that he was “thinking about it.”

Mr. Perry since then has inched closer to a bid in public remarks, and supporters are starting to think he’ll launch a campaign after the Texas legislature wraps up its special session. State law prohibits Mr. Perry from raising money during the legislative session or veto session, which could wrap up in the coming week.

In his speech Saturday, Mr. Perry highlighted the job growth in Texas on his watch, particularly since Mr. Obama took office, and cited his ability to lower taxes and balance the budget. He also highlighted achievements bound to resonate with conservative voters, including legislation that requires voters to have valid identification and anyone seeking an abortion to review a sonogram of the fetus.

“It saddens me when sometimes my fellow Republicans duck and cover in the face of pressure from the left,” Mr. Perry said, touching a debate within the presidential field over how much to highlight social issues, such as abortion or gay marriage. “Our party cannot be all things to all people.”

Polls show Mr. Perry’s popularity in Texas has flagged since he won a third term as governor last fall. As a presidential candidate, he would face questions about whether the country is ready for another Texas Republican after eight years of George W. Bush.

He would also need to make up ground on the other Republicans who have been campaigning for months now, raising money and building a network of supporters in Iowa and New Hampshire. Republican operatives wonder whether he would be another Bill Clinton, who entered the 1992 race late and wound up in the White House, or a Fred Thompson, the former Tennessee senator whose late presidential bid in the 2008 election flopped.

Bob Haus, a Republican political strategist in Iowa who helped Mr. Thompson in 2008, thinks Mr. Perry has a good shot at winning that state’s first-in-the-nation caucuses, because of his background as a rancher and his plainspoken delivery.

“He’s very comfortable in his own skin,” Mr. Haus said. “He never tries to be someone he’s not.”

Before his speech, Mr. Perry spent an hour signing copies of his book, “Fed Up!: Our Fight to Save America from Washington,” and posing for photos with well-wishers who waited in line to meet him. At one point, the crowd started chanting, “Run, Rick, Run!” to which he threw his arms in the air and gave them a big smile.

During his remarks, he asked people in the audience to send text messages to a site run by his campaign — a technique for building a list of contacts.

The Texas governor was joined in New Orleans by his longtime political adviser, Dave Carney, who resigned from Newt Gingrich’s campaign earlier this month as part of a mass exodus.

In his remarks, he suggested this was the election for Republicans to change the direction the country has taken under Mr. Obama.

“If we don’t do it, who will?” Mr. Perry asked. “If not now, when?”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125936,"Byron York – Dateline New Hampshire […] At the gathering’s dinner Friday night, I sat next to former New Hampshire Gov. John Sununu and his wife Nancy. When we talked about the presidential race — a race in a state whose ground-level politics Sununu knows better than almost anyone — Sununu must have said some version of “I don’t know what is going on” about a dozen times….

New Hampshire January 24th 2016

[…] I talked to a Republican political operative who has done a lot of work in New Hampshire. He has done so much work, in fact, that he knows many of the streets throughout the state by heart, and knows which houses display candidates’ political signs at primary time and which don’t.

He described driving down a street on the west side of Manchester, checking out the houses. He noticed Trump signs in front of houses that he knew had never displayed signs before. Seeing that, he began to think that all the talk about Trump appealing to a different kind of voter might be true. (read the whole thing – “they just don’t know”)

They Can’t See It […] The big worry among such Republicans is that there is a Trump movement out there that they can’t see…. They Don’t Know Any […] In one of my first conversations at the Radisson, with two Republican activists, I asked a simple what’s-up question about Trump. Both immediately responded in exactly the same way: “I don’t know anybody who supports him.” They’re politically active and aware, but they said they have no contact in their daily lives with even a single person who supports their party’s front-runner….

They don’t know us….

They don’t get who we are….

They don’t get it…

…..We’re AMERICANS !

… because our candidate says: “Make America Great Again”!

And when our candidate says that, we hear:

Someone who gives a damn about America. Without apology; with brutal honesty. Which is more valuable to us than a perfected highly-rehearsed skill of 30 second republican party approved sound bites and white paper policy instructions.

From our perspective any average hard-working American could eat every one of these uppity quish GOPe candidates’ lunches. All of them. And if the GOPe want to go down the intellectual superiority path… well, that stuff is useless.

Florida Power and Light won the prestigious International Edward Demming award for excellence in multi-platform engineering and efficiency superiority. They didn’t blow every PhD intellectual out of the water with slide rules, CAD programs and engineering acumen. They did it with hard hats and dirty fingernails.

Because they lost the award, the Japanese spent 6 months studying FPL and later published a 1,000 page dissertation essentially saying FPL “wasn’t really good, they were just lucky”….. FPL field leadership laughed, took out Magic Markers and wrote on the back of their hard hats: “WE’RE NOT GOOD, WE’RE RUCKY”….

When every single Kuwaiti oil field was blown up by Saddam Hussein, they said it would take 5 years to cap them all off and restart their oil pumping industry. The Kuwaiti’s and Saudi’s called Texans, who had them all capped and back in working order in 8 months.

We are a nation that knows how to get shit done.

When the Northern Chile mine workers were trapped two miles underground, they said no-one could save them. Who did they call for help? A bunch of hick miners from USA coal country who went down there, worked on the fly, engineered the rescue equipment on site, and saved every one of them….

That’s our America.

When a half-breed Islamic whack job, armed with an AK-47 and a goal to meet his virgins, began opening fire on a train in France, the Americans on board didn’t run to the nearest safe room and hide themselves amid baguettes and brie. They said “let’s go”, and beat the stuffing out of that little nut with a death wish.

Legion d’Honneur or not, that’s us. That’s just how we roll.

Lady Liberty can stroll along the Champs-Elysées with a swagger befitting Mae West because without her arrival they’d be speaking German in the Louvre.

Yet for the better part of the past decade a group of intellectual something-or-others have been teaching an insufferable storyline claiming it’s better to be sitting around a campfire eating sustainable algae cakes and picking parasites off each other.

Enough.

When WE hear Donald Trump say “Let’s Make America Great Again”, WE also hear the familiar echo “cowboy up” people.

It’s high time we stop being embarrassed about our exceptional nature, and start being proud of it again. Because when it matters most, when it really counts, when it’s really needed, there’s a whole bunch of people all around this world of ours that are mighty happy when swagger walks in to solve their problems.

Yeah, “let’s make America great again”. Swagger on !

Then again…

…..It’s not surprising “they” don’t know who “we” are.

They walked away from us a long, long time ago !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224485,"Zogby Analytics conducted a survey of voters in an attempt to cut through the chaff and disinformation evident in contradictory media polling. Here’s their finding:

President Trump Approval

Strongly approve 28%

Somewhat approve 19% Total Approval 47%

Somewhat approve 19% Somewhat disapprove 9%

Strongly disapprove 34% Total Disapproval 43%

Strongly disapprove 34% Not sure 9%

Agree/Disagree on 90-Day Visa Ban

Strongly agree 33%

Somewhat agree 19% Total Agree 52%

Somewhat agree 19% Somewhat disagree 12%

Strongly disagree 29% Total Disagree 41%

Strongly disagree 29% Not sure 7%

(LINK for DATA)

Additionally, the Rasmussen Daily Tracking Poll has Trump approval at 53%

The Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for Monday shows that 53% of Likely U.S. Voters approve of President Trump’s job performance. Forty-seven percent (47%) disapprove. (LINK)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122513,"Candidate Donald Trump explained his security vision to the audience in High Point, North Carolina. A direct explanation the liberal and globalist-minded media do not want to see broadcast.

[ Transcript ] Thank you. It’s wonderful to be back in North Carolina.

Come November 8, we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.

We are going to bring back your jobs.

We are going to cut your taxes.

We are going to renegotiate our disastrous trade deals.

And we are going to protect our country from Radical Islamic Terrorism.

Over the weekend, there were Islamic terrorist attacks in Minnesota and New York City, and in New Jersey. These attacks were made possible because of our extremely open immigration system, which fails to properly vet and screen the individuals or families coming into our country.

Attack after attack – from 9/11 to San Bernardino to Orlando – we have seen how failures to screen who is entering the United States puts all of our citizens in danger.

So let me state this very clearly: immigration security is national security.

My opponent has the most open borders policy of anyone ever to seek the presidency. As Secretary of State, she allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be released into our communities because their home countries wouldn’t take them back.

Now Obama wants to bring in an additional 110,000 refugees, and Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees. Altogether, Hillary Clinton’s plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term – with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $$400 billion dollars in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs.

This isn’t just a matter of terrorism, but also quality of life. We want to make sure we are only admitting people into our country who love our country.

My highest duty as President is to protect our citizens and to uphold the Constitution of the United States. I will honor that duty to the fullest extent every single day – and I will never waver in that sacred obligation.

It’s just a plain fact that our current immigration system makes no real attempt to determine the views of the people entering. Since 9/11, hundreds of immigrants and their children have been implicated in terrorism and terrorist-related activity in the United States.

Now we learn that another 858 immigrants from dangerous countries have slipped into our country and been granted citizenship despite pending deportation orders. This is unacceptable.

Altogether, there are nearly 1 million individuals in the United States with deportation orders who have not yet been removed.

In the 20th Century, the United States defeated Fascism, Nazism, and Communism.

Now we must defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism.

Yet, my opponent won’t even say the words Radical Islamic Terrorism. In fact, Hillary Clinton talks tougher about my supporters than she does about Islamic terrorists. She calls the patriotic Americans who support our campaign – many of them cops and soldiers – deplorable and irredeemable. Has she ever talked that way about Radical Islam, or about those who oppress and murder women and gays overseas? Has Hillary Clinton ever called people who support these practices deplorable and irredeemable? In many countries overseas, non-believers face the death penalty – where is Hillary’s condemnation here?

Let’s ask Hillary Clinton: how many people who subscribe to Radical Islamic views, and support the oppression of non-believers, would you call deplorable or irredeemable – or are those words reserved only for hardworking Americans that truly love their country and that support Donald Trump?

America can never elect a President, like Hillary Clinton, who apparently, with her choice of words, thinks decent American citizens are a bigger threat than Radical Islamic Terrorists.

Anyone who cannot name our enemy, is not fit to lead this country. Anyone who cannot condemn the hatred, oppression and violence of Radical Islam lacks the moral clarity to serve as our President.

The commander-in-chief of this nation must speak with moral clarity and conviction. Our system of government is the best in the world and, as your President, I will defend our values – and speak out against all those who assault our values in any way.

It’s also time to remember one very important word: accountability. All this disaster with ISIS happened on Hillary Clinton’s watch.

Her policies in Iraq, Libya and Syria are responsible for the rise of ISIS. Her attacks on me are all meant to deflect from her record of unleashing this monstrous evil upon us.

Her timetable withdrawal from Iraq, her push for regime change in Libya and Syria, her open borders policies – these are the actions that unleashed the ISIS disaster.

So she will say and do anything to distract from that record of total failure.

Her claim that my opposition to Radical Islamic Terrorism is a recruiting tool, demonstrates a level of ignorance about the terror threat that is disqualifying.

When she says my opposition to radical Islamic Terror provides “aid and comfort,” to the enemy, we know that Hillary Clinton has once again demonstrated that she is dangerously unfit for office. Her comments are not only reckless, but beneath the dignity of the office she seeks.

ISIS is torturing, murdering, executing and exterminating people in a campaign of genocide. And what is Hillary Clinton’s suggestion? That we should censor our vocabulary so as not to upset these butchers. I have news for Hillary Clinton: refusing to call out Radical Islam will not lessen the danger, it will only increase and embolden the danger – just like we have seen during her disastrous and failed tenure as Secretary of State.

The rise of ISIS is Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy legacy.

Secretary Clinton has helped to topple regimes, displace millions, and then opened the door to ISIS to enter our country. How is this a smart policy?

Hillary Clinton’s decisions overseas have left us with the threat we face today – and her immigration policies will invite this threat onto our shores.

We must stop the massive inflow of refugees – which Hillary Clinton is trying to drastically increase. We should temporarily suspend immigration entirely from regions where safe and adequate screening cannot occur.

Pew polling shows that in many of the countries from which we draw large numbers of immigrants, extreme views about religion – such as the death penalty for those who leave the faith– are commonplace.

It is the job of a responsible government to admit only those who we expect to succeed and flourish here, and to become part of our incredible home. Hillary Clinton disagrees with this common sense rule, and it’s one more reason why she can never be President.

It’s time to break with the corruption, the bad judgement, and the failures of the past.

It is time to have a new American Future.

We are going to change our immigration system to reflect American values.

We are going to stop the policy of regime change overseas, and instead focus on working with our allies on a military campaign to utterly destroy ISIS and defeat Islamic terrorism. This will not only require military warfare, but also financial warfare, cyber warfare, and ideological warfare.

But to win this struggle, we need to be strong at home.

We are going to rebuild our country.

And at the center of that effort will be the rebuilding of our inner cities.

Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty, including 45% of African-American children under the age of six. 58% of African-American youth are not working.

Violent crime rose in America’s fifty largest cities last year. Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.

More than 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since January of this year.

The schools are failing, the jobs are leaving, and millions are trapped in poverty.

To the African-American community, I say: vote for Donald J. Trump. I will fix it – I will bring back your jobs, I will fix your schools, and I will fight for you as no one ever has before.

It is time for a new civil rights agenda, one that promises safe communities, great education, and good-paying jobs.

My whole life has been about creating jobs. Hillary Clinton has spent her career destroying jobs – just look at upstate New York, and her terrible trade deals.

Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA, she supported China’s entrance into the World Trade Organization, and she supported the job-killing deal with South Korea that she helped to push through.

The South Korean deal was supposed to create 70,000 jobs – instead, we lost 100,000 jobs and our trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled.

Next, Hillary Clinton wants the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

Your state has lost more than 4 in 10 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. I am going to renegotiate this disastrous deal – and if we don’t get the deal we want, I will walk away.

Our trade deficit is now nearly $$800 billion a year – this is the economic legacy of Hillary Clinton.

But we are going to turn it all around.

My economic agenda can be summed up in three very beautiful words: Jobs, Jobs, Jobs.

I am going to lower your taxes; I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulations, on business and in your life; I’m going to repeal and replace Obamacare; I’m going to create American energy independence; I’m going to make our government lean, responsible and efficient; I’m going to fix our terrible trade deals and defend American workers; I’m going to rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; and I’m going to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution of the United States;

We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.

American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.

American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.

American hands will rebuild this nation – and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.

We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.

I will fight for every neglected part of this nation – and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.

Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.

It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.

Jobs will return, incomes will rise, and new factories will come rushing onto our shores.

Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.

We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.

Thank you, and God Bless!

~ Donald Trump

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224775,"[Transcript From Video by Sundance]

…” We will continue from this point on, til’ next year, to try and come up with a way to solve the problems that we have. Because you’re right, I see it wasn’t safe, we were held hostage”.

“This is not what Myrtle Beach is about. We are, and still are, a great family resort. I think now it’s … we have to overcome the negative publicity we’ve had nation wide, world wide. And that’s where the Chamber’s revenue is going to come in, and spend the funds to overcome this, so we will have a decent summer.”

“We cannot afford to lose business. But this council will work, and work, and work, to become the solutions to these problems, and try to solve them as best we can.”

“We understand everybody’s frustrations. Your anger; and y’all being fearful of being outside.”

Ten People Shot, Three Killed…..

[The Shootings] Officers responded at about 11 p.m. Saturday to a reported large fight outside the Bermuda Sands. Three shots were fired before police arrived, striking Keith Williams. As police were providing medical attention to Keith Williams, those involved in the fight moved to the second floor of Bermuda Sands, according to police.

After about five minutes, officers said the shooter then went to the second floor of the hotel and fired several shots at Jamie Williams, Dantzler and Barnwell, who police say were involved in the fight.

Police believe the shooter fled the rear of the hotel. No arrests had been made as of Tuesday evening.

Jamie Williams and Dantzler died immediately, and Barnwell and Keith Williams were taken to Grand Strand with gunshot wounds. Barnwell was pronounced dead at the hospital.

On Saturday, another person was injured in a shooting at Sixth Avenue South and Ocean Boulevard.

Two more were injured in a shooting at Eighth Avenue North and Ocean Boulevard.

Another was shot in the leg at the Fountain Bleu Motel at Seventh Avenue North and Flagg Street.

On Sunday, two were injured in a shooting at the Wave Rider Resort at 1600 South Ocean Boulevard.

Horry County Council Chairman Mark Lazarus said he, Myrtle Beach Mayor John Rhodes and city and county staff plan to meet with Gov. Nikki Haley on Friday to discuss ways to make the weekend safer. S.C. lawmakers have extended their support to Myrtle Beach and said they will offer whatever state resources the city needs to get things under control. (read more)

Who is the city held hostage to ?

The NAACP Vows To Enforce Black Biker Rights:

(VIA NAACP) The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People will again keep a close watch on the City of Myrtle Beach (S.C.) and local businesses this holiday weekend as annual Black Bike Week festivities get underway.

For the fourth consecutive year the NAACP will conduct Operation Bike Week Justice to monitor activities in the resort town during Black Bike Week, the annual Memorial Day weekend gathering of African American motorcycle enthusiasts.

Throughout the weekend, NAACP teams will be monitoring police activity and treatment of African American visitors, observing the practices of local businesses and watching traffic patterns.

In recent years, the NAACP and African Americans have filed and settled federal lawsuits against the City of Myrtle Beach and areas businesses for unequal treatment of Black Bike Week visitors compared to those who attend Harley Week, traditionally held one week earlier and a predominately white event.

“Any form of racial discrimination against Black Bike Week visitors will not be tolerated,” said NAACP Field Operations Chief Rev. Nelson B. Rivers, III, and a native South Carolinian. “Closing businesses or refusing to provide equal services to Black Bike Week visitors that are provided to visitors at other times of the year, not only makes no economic sense, it is against the law.”

Again this year, a complaint hotline will be activated for individuals to report closed restaurants, police misconduct or other unfair treatment. Black Bike Week attendees can report incidents by calling or by visiting Sandy Grove Baptist Church located at 1008 Carver Street [in Myrtle Beach] to file a complaint in person. Calls in previous years listed complaints against businesses for increased prices and noted police misconduct, frivolous charges and large fines for minor offenses.

Some progress has been made the last two years. Two more undisclosed settlements with offending businesses were reached recently. However, the NAACP remains concerned about the disproportionate number of arrests and the quality of police training in response to such large gatherings. Additionally, several establishments remain closed and continue to engage in discriminatory practices despite being aware of the lawsuits and Operation Bike Week Justice.

Moreover, last October the NAACP, the Conway, S.C. Branch of the NAACP and a Maryland resident were compelled to file a class action lawsuit against Friendly’s Ice Cream Corporation, its local franchisee, Myrtle Beach Friends Boulevard LLC, and the franchisee owners for discriminating against African Americans by closing the inside of their Ocean Boulevard location during every Black Bike Week from 2000 through 2005 and only offering inferior services outside the restaurant.

“This degrading second class treatment harkens back to an era when restaurant lunch counters were reserved for whites only,” said NAACP Interim General Counsel Angela Ciccolo. “African Americans were forced to eat substandard food, not regular Friendly’s fare, outside the restaurant which was in plain sight and in proper working order. Such practices send a clear message to African Americans that they are separate and unequal.”

In 2006, the NAACP successfully concluded every federal discrimination lawsuit filed in Myrtle Beach that arose from complaints by African American tourists who attended Black Bike Week festivities between 1999 and 2003. The lawsuits referenced unequal treatment of black motorcyclists by the city, four restaurants and a hotel.

Negotiated settlements were reached with the City of Myrtle Beach, Damon’s Oceanfront and Barefoot Landing, Greg Norman’s Australian Grill, the Yachtsman Resort Hotel and J. Edward’s Great Ribs and More.

“The NAACP remains vigilant in order to ensure that all tourists are treated equally,” said Myrtle Beach NAACP Branch President Mickey James. “We will continue to pursue litigation to right these wrongs.” (read more)

Atlantic Beach town manager, William Booker, who promotes the event (left). Myrtle Beach Mayor, John Rhodes, dealing with consequences (right)

This specific example is an interesting case study in politically correct anxiety to follow.

And if you want to follow the sociology, and watch how it plays out, here are some links to reference and follow along:

The Sponsor site and promotional page of Black Bike Week – HERE

The Sponsor Facebook page of Black Bike Week – HERE

The PC correctly titled opposition Facebook page “End Bike Fest” – HERE

The PC Local Media reporting HERE and HERE and HERE

More Local Media reporting HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
127093,"Macy’s is blaming “warm weather” and “low spending from tourists” for a massive drop in sales and excessive on hand inventory, which has now caused them to cut their full-year sales forecast.

However, given the severity of the backlash against Macy’s over their initial disparagement’s of Donald Trump [June/July 2015], and considering the ongoing visible impacts of “Cold Anger” – perhaps this is more an effect of boycotts AND/OR weather.

(Reuters) […] Macy’s Chief Executive Terry Lundgren said on a conference call he was not happy with the company’s performance in the quarter ended Oct. 31.

Sales at stores open at least a year fell 3.6 percent in their third straight quarterly decline. Analysts on average had expected 0.2 percent growth, according to research firm Consensus Metrix.

[…] “We are disappointed that the pace of sales did not improve in the third quarter, as we had expected,” Lundgren said.

Macy’s slide in sales has lasted several quarters and Lundgren said the company would increase the focus of its turnaround plan, including product mix in stores and more experimentation with online sales.

[…] Net income attributable to shareholders fell 45.6 percent to $$118 million, or 36 cents per share, partly due to a charge for some planned store closings.

Net sales fell 5.2 percent to $$5.87 billion, the third straight quarter of declines and below the analysts’ average estimate of $$6.09 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123575,"Both Mississippi and Alabama called for Santorum Mississippi and Alabama have both been called for Rick Santorum. 2nd place in both states goes to Gingrich with Romney a cloese third. Big night for Santorum, and now the pressure on Gingrich to drop out will … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123583,We’ll post an election results and discussion thread later today. But if you are voting Today in any of the “Super Tuesday” states please share your experience and what is the overall sentiment on the ground where you are.? What was … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
2800,"A 44-year-old father of five brutally attacked, smashed in the head. Doctors now tell the family there is no hope, “he will not recover”. His wife and kids have not left the hospital since the night of his attack. Friends … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121261,"This is stoppage #60, in the past year, for those of us keeping count.

FLORIDA – A Florida man has been charged in an alleged backpack bomb plot he planned to carry out on a public beach in Key West to show his support for the Islamic State militant group, the Department of Justice said on Tuesday.

Harlem Suarez, also known as Almlak Benitez, 23, of Key West, was arrested on Monday as part of an FBI sting operation and charged with attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction, the department said.

According to the criminal complaint, the FBI was alerted to Facebook posts made by Suarez in April of this year in which he expressed his support for Islamic State.

An FBI informant then made contact with Suarez, who told the informant that he wanted to carry out an attack in the United States.

Suarez also posted a request on Facebook asking how to make a bomb, saying “send me a video or something, and what do I need to make it.” In discussion with the informant, Suarez planned to make a bomb that would be detonated remotely by a cellphone, the complaint said.

The bomb, to contain galvanized nails, would have been hidden in a backpack, prosecutors allege.

Suarez was arrested when he received an inert bomb that had been prepared by FBI undercover agents. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123190,"From the Complaint (Full Complaint Below):

…”in the County of St. Louis, State of Missouri, the defendant, knowingly shot a firearm from a 2003 Pontiac Grand Am, a motor vehicle, and caused serious physical injury as a result”….

This phrase alone essentially deconstructs the “self defense” claim of Ferguson Shooter Jeffrey L Williams because the vehicle described in the complaint is in a video of the shooting.

In this video capture you see Williams vehicle (Red Grand Am) pass by the camera at 2:18:54. The shots happen at 2:19:21.



Broadcast live streaming video on Ustream

Only 27 seconds from the time the vehicle passes camera to shooting.

It is implausible, if not impossible, for Jeffrey Williams to have passed the camera. Driven up Tiffin Ave. Stopped, had some kind of an altercation (he calls robbery), retrieved a weapon and shot toward his assailant. The timing simply does not support such a claim.

It is far more plausible that Jeffrey Williams drove passed the camera, drove up Tiffin, took aim from inside his vehicle, quickly shot toward the police – then drove away.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125478,"If you add the “not sure” group the ratio climbs to 80%. Only 20% of republican voters have any confidence the Republican party leadership supports Donald Trump.

There is actually good news within the larger electorate understanding this dynamic.

THIS common understanding is why it is completely safe for candidate Trump to turn his rhetorical fire toward Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, Mitt Romney and the various agents within the leadership of the GOPe.

(Via Rasmussen) Despite Donald Trump’s record turnout in this year’s primaries, most Republican voters are convinced that their party’s leaders don’t want him to get elected.

Sixty-six percent (66%) of Likely Republican Voters believe that most top GOP leaders do not want Trump to be elected president of the United States. A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that just 20% think most Republican leaders do want their party’s likely nominee to win the White House. Fourteen percent (14%) are not sure. (To see survey question wording, click here.)

Sixty-two percent (62%) of GOP voters say it is bad for their party that top Republican leaders continue to criticize Trump. Only 15% feel that continuing criticism is good for the party, while 17% say it has no impact.

Still, 64% of Republicans think their party is likely to be unified after its national convention next month, although that includes only 22% who consider party unity Very Likely. Thirty-one percent (31%) say Republicans are unlikely to be unified following the convention, with six percent (6%) who say it’s Not At All Likely. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
46721,"During a short CNN broadcasted segment a panel of Ohio voters were asked about their impressions of fired FBI Director James Comey’s testimony to congress.

Unfortunately for CNN the panel exhibits the oft undervalued common sense of the American electorate. This sample is representative of what I call ‘reverse-gruberism‘: People who are firmly grounded in ordinary common sense who can see through the obfuscation and BS of the professional political class.

That look an average middle-class American gives you when they know you’re playing an angle; yet polite manners stop them from calling you a fool. Otherwise known as the “well, bless your heart” look.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224905,"Prediction: Susan G Komen, the cause, will cease to exist within 2 years and will have a staggeringly significant drop in funding in 2012 alone. The organization, and worse yet, the brand they established with SGK is now toxic to both sides of a very polarizing issue.

Komen supporters who did not know of the SGK funding toward the abortion factories of Planned Parenthood will now withdraw support, and the rabid pro-abortion fem-nazis who view any glances toward defunding their twisted ideology as attacks on women, they too will destroy Komen the brand for even considering.

It is not about actual substance, it’s more about sending a message. After all, Planned Parenthood does not do Mammograms, Dana Loesch exposed that ridiculous narrative years ago when she called dozens and dozens of PP clinics looking to schedule a breast cancer screening. Every single PP office said they don’t do them, period.

It’s not about saving women from breast cancer. It’s about allowing the baby killing machine to continue by turning the fem-nazis loose to attack anyone who would consider defunding it.

To lefties, pregnancy is just another disease, and contraception is the flu shot. Abortion is just the antibiotic when the flu turns to pneumonia.

(Associated Press) An executive at the Susan G. Komen for the Cure breast cancer charity resigned Tuesday over her support to strip Planned Parenthood of funding, but disputed that she was the driving force behind the decision that created a firestorm of criticism last week.

Karen Handel, the charity’s vice president for public policy, said in her resignation later she was “deeply disappointed by the gross mischaracterizations of the strategy, its rationale, and her involvement.”

Handel said the discussion to cut funding for Planned Parenthood started before she came to the group last year, and was approved at the highest levels of the charity. However, a person with direct knowledge of decision-making at Komen’s headquarters said Handel was a driving force behind the move.

Handel supported a decision Komen announced to exclude Planned Parenthood, which provides a range of women’s health care services including abortions, from future grants for breast-cancer screenings because it was under congressional investigation.

“Neither the decision nor the changes themselves were based on anyone’s political beliefs or ideology,” Handel said in the letter. “Rather, both were based on Komen’s mission and how to better serve women, as well as a realization of the need to distance Komen from controversy.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125089,"(CNN) – President Barack Obama issued the following statement Sunday following the verdict in the George Zimmerman trial.

“The death of Trayvon Martin was a tragedy. Not just for his family, or for any one community, but for America. I know this case has elicited strong passions. And in the wake of the verdict, I know those passions may be running even higher. But we are a nation of laws, and a jury has spoken. I now ask every American to respect the call for calm reflection from two parents who lost their young son. And as we do, we should ask ourselves if we’re doing all we can to widen the circle of compassion and understanding in our own communities. We should ask ourselves if we’re doing all we can to stem the tide of gun violence that claims too many lives across this country on a daily basis. We should ask ourselves, as individuals and as a society, how we can prevent future tragedies like this. As citizens, that’s a job for all of us. That’s the way to honor Trayvon Martin.” (link)

WeaselZippers is keeping track of all the post verdict stories – CLICK HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121203,"Our friend, Cetera, left this comment in a thread about a year ago and it served well as an introduction to his concern that we find ways to stand fast and encourage one another:

“We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.–That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed…” We’re 3-0, now, in Murietta, at Bundy’s, and against the National Park/Memorial barricades. All were won merely by showing up, refusing to go away, and when threatened with violence, calling their bluff. Twice now, the Obama regime has brought in actual troops prepared to use lethal force against civilians, and were absolutely and thoroughly rebuffed without a shot fired. The third time, they never even deployed the troops. Wolverines, we ARE WINNING! We’re on the march!. Each time we succeed, we make success more and more likely, and make it more and more difficult for the lawless, illegal Feds to exert force upon us. We are illustrating the Emperor has no clothes. It is going to be a long, long march home. I’m here to tell you, we’re well on our way, and we are going to get there. We hold the moral high ground, and we must not ever cede it. This is not going to be an easy march. There’s going to be some fightin’, and there’s going to be pain and hardships all around. All the fury of all the storms the evil ones can muster will squall and break upon us. No matter. Drummer, beat, and piper, blow. We’re marching home, together.

Cetera is an avid reader and friend of the Tree House, and an occasional commenter. He currently resides in Wyoming, having given up on Colorado after ten years and deciding to move his family to a more politically friendly state. Cetera shared this series in July of 2014, thoughts developed about basic principles inspired by his Christian faith and the Spirit- timeless Truths worth thinking and talking about. It seems good to bring them into focus again in July of 2015 – in times like these. – Sharon

~ ~ ~ First Principles ~ ~ ~

Wolverines, listen up. We are all here to support each other, to keep a watchful eye on each other and our Republic, and to fight the good fight when and where it is needed. Each of us shoulders responsibility we assign only to ourselves, that we pick up voluntarily, and in each of our own ways we promote Truth and Justice. In short, we are here to keep the faith, because at some level each of us feels that faith under assault or under siege.

For a great many of us, we may never have put into words or closely examined the fundamental principles and truths that we feel inside of us, and what they mean. I would like to have a discussion on these First Principles over this and several future posts.

Sundance and crew are very good about keeping us informed, digging for the truth, and exposing the rot, the corruption, and the lawlessness in the shadows. The more they expose, the more inadequate I feel and the more down and depressed I become. They have found evil and monsters lurking in our society, our nation, and our neighborhoods, from the underbelly all the way to the top.

What I would like to do is make sure we remember and focus on the core of why we are here.

We need to remember who we are and what we are supposed to be fighting for. We need to bear in mind constantly the faith we are trying to keep.

When things are darkest, when hope seems to fade, and all seems lost, we will need to cling to our principles. Holding to these principles will give us the strength, courage, and determination to keep going, to hold the line, and to never surrender.

We fight for something greater than ourselves. Should we as individuals break down, drop the ball, fail, or even fall to despair, then still we will not have lost, because we do not fight only for ourselves. The fight will go on, and we will each be held to account only that we gave our last measure in pursuit of these principles.

We also need to remember these principles in victory, so that we may not again fall prey to the same mistakes that have led us to these times. We need to remember, that we may put to right this nation and republic that has been bequeathed to us. For what does it matter if we win, if to achieve victory we abandon our principles, and all comes to ruin anyway?

Why are we here? What is our Purpose?



I don’t mean why any of us, as individuals, are here in this time, or at any particular place, but why is humanity here at all? To what end do any of us work? It is inevitable that we each will die. It is unavoidable, and non-negotiable. To be alive is to eventually die. Only life can die, and only those that experience death are ever alive. Yet life has this funny instinct of trying to survive, to do anything possible to remain living for just a little longer, no matter the circumstances.

We strive for our offspring, we fight to defend our children and our families. We hope in a better and brighter future, and we sacrifice to make a better life for our future selves, our children, and future generations. But why?

In the long run, everyone dies. Eventually the sun will consume the Earth as a red-giant star at the end of its life, and long before that the Earth will become uninhabitable. If we manage to spread to the stars, we will face similar trials everywhere we settle, and eventually the universe itself will come to an end. Whether it ends in a big crunch, or is an open universe and spreads to nothing, or even if it is perfectly balanced and entropy causes the end due to energy decay, nothing we build, nothing we strive for, nothing we can create in any way will survive or exist forever. The end will be absolute.

Therefore, I believe it to be self-evident that we are not here for any purely physical reason, or to accomplish any physical objectives. The things that matter most in our lives are the things we do for others. The most meaningful accomplishments on a daily scale and on a lifetime scale are when we help others, when we express love and compassion and charity towards others. Making a difference in someone else’s life is the one thing that has always resulted in the greatest joy and happiness in my life.

We see this specifically stated in the Bible in a couple of places. “Greater love has no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends,” (John 15:13). When asked what is the most important commandment, Jesus replies, “You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength. The second is this: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these,” (Mark 12:30-31).

There is another big hint in John 3:16: “For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life.”

Love is a recurring theme in the Bible. Indeed, one may say it is THE THEME of the Bible. God IS Love (1 John 1:18), and God created us to love. The point is that we love each other, and to love God. Older Roman Catholics among us may remember a quote from the Baltimore Catechism that God made us to know Him and to love Him and to serve Him, in this life and the next. We are here to learn to love, to choose to love, and to actively love God and our fellow man.

In the next post, we’ll cover love – what it means to love – and acts of the will.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126238,"President Obama and DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson at the heart of the issue.

( WASHINGTON DC ) A secret U.S. policy that prohibits immigration officials from reviewing the social media messages of foreign citizens applying for U.S. visas was reportedly kept in place over fears of a civil liberties backlash and “bad public relations.”

Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson refused in early 2014 to end the policy, even though several other officials in the organization pressed for such a policy change, ABC News reported Monday.

John Cohen, a former acting under-secretary at the Department of Homeland Security and currently a national security consultant for ABC News, said he pushed for a change in 2014 that would allow a review of social media messages posted publically as terror group followers increasingly turned to Twitter and Facebook.

“Immigration, security, law enforcement officials recognized at the time that it was important to more extensively review public social media postings because they offered potential insights into whether somebody was an extremist or potentially connected to a terrorist organization or a supporter of the movement,” Cohen, who left DHS in June 2014, told ABC News.

Cohen’s account comes as members of Congress question why U.S. officials failed to review the social media posts of San Bernardino terrorist Tashfeen Malik.

Malik received a U.S. visa in May 2014, despite what the FBI said were extensive social media messages about jihad and martyrdom. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124561,"Stop me when you’ve heard this one before. Three black teenagers punch a….. [this should not be a surprise when you consider THIS] NEW JERSEY – Three New Jersey boys, two age 13 and one 14, have been arrested and … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224514,"(Via TVLine) […] ABC’s presentation of the 89th annual Academy Awards delivered 32.9 million total viewers and a 9.1 demo rating, down 4 and 13 percent from last year’s Chris Rock-hosted outing, which recorded eight-year lows.

You’d have to go back to 2008’s Jon Stewart-hosted Oscars, where No Country for Old Men won best Picture, to find a smaller audience (32 million). (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121137,"Team Clinton has a lot to fear. However, this movie makes them “tremble” more than if they had to release medical records Clinton is refusing to provide…. Director Michael Bay is notorious for mounting massive-scaled blockbusters crammed wall to wall … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224502,"There are trillions of dollars at stake. Trillions.

Those who hold power will never relinquish power; a simple and timeless truth. The current attacks against an increasingly less obscure gay man named Milo Yiannopoulos (it appears he is most known simply by “Milo”) are not about Milo Yiannopoulos per se’, anyone who has followed the construct of the swamp should see the transparency.

Take this guy Milo out of the picture and replace him with any politically incorrect name you choose, and you’ll see the concerted effort to remove his influence is not about him, it’s about the underlying threat he represents.

Those who control the levers of the DC Swamp municipal system are determined to defeat the highly outlined objectives of a President Trump administration. Milo is merely a concentric circle outlier of their real target. The transparent objective here is to isolate, ridicule and marginalize Mr. Milo to create a door to the next circle.

Pass through the door that is Milo and proceed to the door that is Breitbart Media. Deploy detonation devices….. open door. Pass through the door that is Breitbart Media and proceed to the door that is Steve Bannon. Deploy same detonation devices (same approach)…. open door. Pass through the door that is Steve Bannon and eventually they get to the desired destination, President Trump.

It would be severely intellectually dishonest not to admit this road map.

There are trillions of dollars at stake.

I don’t know much, almost nothing, about Mr. Yiannopoulos – but I do know enough to spot a political UniParty approach that is as historic and familiar as the Swamp itself. Mr. Yiannopoulos has all the same enemies as President Trump; that cannot be coincidental.

Apparently Mr. Milo Yiannopoulos has a considerable following amid a young and vibrant counter-culture, and appears exceptionally effective at opening their eyes to the Deep State constructs who utilize Hollywood, Pop Culture and various social constructs to manipulate the psyche.

He appears flamboyant, though no more alarmingly so that the goth kids hanging out in front of the local movie theater; and if he can connect with them -and more- in a language they can appreciate and understand…. well, there’s the threat.

And when the UniParty GOPe want to utilize the useful tools of the religious right, they know just the right triggers to begin their onslaught. Quick, to the bathroom drums…. the bizarre thing is how many people don’t realize the stagehands are the Marxist left greasing the skids to reinforce a hate narrative and steady the divisions. Gays, like blacks, must remain on a very specific -and purposeful- political plantation.

Freedom by it’s very nature has a rather diverse set of potential allies. The ability to reach those allies and rally them toward a standard of effectiveness is a threat to the order of those who deploy inequity and hopelessness as tools toward the more preferred strategy of ambivalence.

No, I don’t know this Milo person at all; but I do know the methods of those who seek to retain ultimate power well enough to spot when those interests rise up out of the swamp and unify in common cause.

Currently Milo is facing all the right enemies….

…Battle On, my good man – BATTLE ON !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132525,"This is what is going to bring down the house of lies…. this type of publicity and pressure.

According to CNN’s Fran Townsend, the autopsy on all four victims was done at Andrews Air Force Base and attended by the FBI which is standard procedure. It is unfathomable that the families would not yet have been told what the causes of death were for their loved ones.

Unless, that is, the actual cause of death was too horrific for the administration to admit, accept or allow public. After all, it’s only 3 more Tuesdays to the election.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123369,"♦ Waco Research Thread 1 – The initial Shooting As Reported

♦ Waco Research Thread 2 – LEO Affidavits Inconsistent With Spokesperson Claims

♦ Waco Research Thread 3 – The Waco Police Narrative Continues To Evolve

♦ Waco Research Thread 4 – CCTV Video Refutes Original 3 Days of Police Claims

NEW – Below is the audio file from the Police Radio Traffic WACO “Twin Peaks” Shooting

NO CRIMINAL HISTORY – Police have said that all of the arrested bikers were members of “criminal bike gangs”. However, a review of court data bases by Associated Press finds more than 115 of the 170 people arrested in the aftermath of a motorcycle gang shootout outside a Central Texas restaurant have not been convicted of a crime in Texas. (link)

The Unusual Suspects

Latest UPDATE – Report: 14 Waco Police fired “thousands of rounds” – LINK HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122546,"There’s something quite telling about this video taken today in New York City. This press video is prior to Secretary Clinton’s meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu.

It must also be very cold in New York City this afternoon:

According to press reports Mrs. Clinton went to see her daughter Chelsea, then to Appleseeds Kids Center, then to Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu. The video below was taken when Secretary Clinton was leaving Appleseeds.

Two aspects to notice. #1) How deliberate Clinton is about the steps; this indicates yet another example of how her lower visual acuity field is tenuous. #2) How Hillary did not expect to see the reporter, Liz Kreutz, and how her entire demeanor morphs instantly.

Video embedded within tweet. (go full screen if you can to see the nuance):

Clinton just left “Apple Seeds” kids center in Flatiron. Feeling good about debate? “Getting ready, getting ready!” pic.twitter.com/mXxBbMiVcu — Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) September 25, 2016

//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js

Clinton just left “Apple Seeds” kids center in Flatiron. Feeling good about debate? “Getting ready, getting ready!” pic.twitter.com/mXxBbMiVcu — Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) September 25, 2016

//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128004,"LOS ANGELES (MarketWatch) — Once provisions of the Affordable Care Act start to kick in during 2014, at least three of every 10 employers will probably stop offering health coverage, a survey released Monday shows. While only 7% of employees will be forced to switch to subsidized-exchange programs, at least 30% of companies say they will “definitely or probably” stop offering employer-sponsored coverage, according to the study published in McKinsey Quarterly.

The survey of 1,300 employers says those who are keenly aware of the health-reform measure probably are more likely to consider an alternative to employer-sponsored plans, with 50% to 60% in this group expected to make a change. It also found that for some, it makes more sense to switch.

“At least 30% of employers would gain economically from dropping coverage, even if they completely compensated employees for the change through other benefit offerings or higher salaries,” the study says.

It goes on to add: “Contrary to what employers assume, more than 85% of employees would remain at their jobs even if their employers stopped offering [employer-sponsored insurance], although about 60% would expect increased compensation.” (article)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223639,"During a routine traffic stop a San Antonio police officer was ambushed, shot twice in the head, and killed near police HQ. Suspect described as a 5’7″ black male, baggy pants, hoodie and a beard. Suspect Vehicle:

Update: The police officer has been identified as 50-year-old Benjamin Marconi a veteran police officer. Twitter Feed Here. It will tear at your heart to read his twitter feed…. sorry, I just can’t even write about it yet {{tears}}.

RIP – Officer Benjamin Marconi

San Antonio – A San Antonio police officer was shot and killed while writing a traffic ticket, according to Police Chief William McManus.

The chief said that while the officer was writing a ticket, someone pulled up behind the squad car, stepped out of his vehicle and shot the officer twice, once in the head. The shooter then drove off.

The officer who was killed was a 20-year-veteran of the force, according to McManus.

Police scanner recordings offer a frightening account of what took place, and indicate that the attack took place in the vicinity of police headquarters.

“I’ve got an officer down in front of headquarters,” the voice on the recording said. “Black male in a black Nissan. I need EMS right now in front of headquarters.”

San Antonio Police issued a photo on social media of the black Nissan fleeing the scene after the shooting.

“This is the vehicle seen fleeing headquarters after the shooting. The suspect is described as a black male wearing a hoodie, baggy pants, and beard. Approximately 5’7. Please call Crime Stoppers at 224-STOP with any info,” the post said. (link)

BOLO – Alert :

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45603,"Follow the associations, look into their background, understand the impetus of why they attached themselves to the narrative advancement, bring forth the sunlight, and understand the depth of the opposition against George Zimmerman. This is NOT, in the larger sense, about George Zimmerman. He was the tool – to advance a cause.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ The Story Outlined ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

As you may remember, on March 29th we were reviewing another “exclusive” ABC release of George Zimmerman at Sanford Police Dept. when we noticed something odd, the video was/is actually a recording of a monitor. Initially we thought that meant it was not an official release. We were wrong. ABC was given a digital Hi-def copy from the outset.

We now know that ABC was the first to posess a digital copy of the actual CCTV recording. But they chose instead to use a lesser quality, and far lower definition, video. (This is what they aired)

Here’s the story:

On March 28th ABC’s Candace Smith (seen left) was the first to gain posession of the video.

On 3/28 she asked SPD for the video, the police department was initially not going to release it since the area covered by the camera view was considered a secured area and not subject to release without a judge’s order.

However, an attorney working for the city, Lonnie Groot, who was tasked with reviewing all the requests for information, agreed to release it since it was actually on the city’s servers.

Ms. Smith was provided a direct hi-def copy DVD; But for some reason she was unable to get it to load through their equipment (or so the story is told). Sources indicate she was quite agitated, and so, trying to meet a deadline, she went angrily to City Hall. Once there she raised quite a stink about SPD, not giving her and ABC suitable material, nor actually fulfilling the request.

The city played her copy on their equipment and showed her it worked.

Apparently, she was pushing to make a deadline to go on air and asked if she could just video the material from the city’s monitor. The request was granted. The video was filmed with a small minicam similar to the one held in this picture (above).

So yes, even though ABC had actual physical custody of a direct copy in High Def, the first airing to hit the public airwaves on March 28th was video of a video. Again, Ms. Candace Smith was the first to gain access to this video. Subsequently, more media copies were made for all the requests that followed.

If you recall, all the commentary about that video were framed to a narrative “showing no injuries, no blood etc,” this mantra was repeated several times throughout the initial showing and then picked up by other media outlets using the EXACT same footage.

Here is where the agenda shows, and it appears that ABC may have intentionallly played this video using a ridiculous low resolution on purpose so that no identifying injuries could be noticed. After all, this was the main point of their reporting on the “exclusive”.

If they, as journalists, had actually used the HD digital copy provided by SPD when you play it frame by frame and zoom in on GZ’s head, the injuries clearly come into view several times. While the bleeding had subsided, the gashes are visible.

They had this capacity from Day One when they were provided the footage. They could have gone back to the affiliate studio of ABC and played the HD video for their story assembling the “accurate” narrative. They did not. Why?

Later such an admission was made by ABC. Only they waited until April 2nd to actually use the HD copy footage they were in posession of. As reported:

(Orlando Sentinel) ABC News has re-digitized video of George Zimmerman taken shortly after Trayvon Martin’s shooting.

The video was unveiled as an exclusive this morning on “Good Morning America.” ABC was the first news organization to show the original tape.

Reporter Matt Gutman said the clearer video shows “what appear to be a pair of gashes or welts on George Zimmerman’s head.”

Neighborhood Watch volunteer Zimmerman has said he shot 17-year-old Trayvon in self-defense. The video shows Zimmerman arriving at the Sanford Police Department within an hour after the shooting.

Gutman said the video had been “clarified” by Forensic Protection Inc. Former FBI Special Agent Brad Garrett told ABC that the clearer video shows “marks on the back of Mr. Zimmerman’s head.” (link)

Why did they (Candace Smith, Matt Gutman) witness, with their eyes, a High-Def version provided by police. Yet they reported on, and presented, a poor quality low resolution version?

Even if you accept Ms. Smith’s claim of inability to load on her equipment (see picture below), she still witnessed the digital copy in person.

And Why did ABC wait from 3/28 until 4/2 to correct their initial reporting when they held posession of the correct version the entire time?

“clarified” by Forensics Protection Inc.

Really – Matt and Candace, really?

Again, the TRUTH is within the associations that form the agenda. Look. The TRUTH screams to be heard.

Here is the standard portable propaganda equipment as photographed by Ms. Smith herself and shared on her Twitter Feed:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132247,"REPOST – We originally shared this four days ago. However, this previously outlined story was picked up by Megyn Kelly last night:

On January 29th of this year, the federal government posted an advertisement seeking bids for a vendor contract to handle “Unaccompanied Alien Children“.

Not just any contract mind you, but a very specific contract – for a very specific number of unaccompanied minors: 65,000.

• Why would DHS and ICE be claiming “surprise” by the current influx of unaccompanied minors on the border in June, when they were taking bids for an exact contract to handle the exact situation in January?

• Secondly, how could they possibly know anticipate 65,000 unaccompanied minors would be showing up at the border, when the most unaccompanied minors ever encountered in a previous year was 6,500 total ?

Here’s the bid specifics from [January 29th 2014] emphasis mine:

[…] The Contractor shall provide unarmed escort staff, including management, supervision, manpower, training, certifications, licenses, drug testing, equipment, and supplies necessary to provide on-demand escort services for non-criminal/non-delinquent unaccompanied alien children ages infant to 17 years of age, seven (7) days a week, 365 days a year. Transport will be required for either category of UAC or individual juveniles, to include both male and female juveniles. There will be approximately 65,000 UAC in total: 25% local ground transport, 25% via ICE charter and 50% via commercial air.

[…] In addition, the Contractor shall have personnel who are able to communicate with juveniles in their own designated language(s).

I downloaded the entire DHS posting (above) in the event it would mysteriously disappear. You can read all the details for yourself.

Original Link HERE

It’s enough to make you think we might have (State Dept.) NGO’s in Honduras, Guatemala etc. directing this entire “surprise influx”….

…Nah, this administration would never intentionally orchestrate something so nefarious or troublesome, right?

Right?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125673,"In what can only be noted as “typically Cruzian” the Senator who sponsored the “Renewable Fuel Standard Repeal Act”, which would have immediately repealed the ethanol mandate, has now reversed course and claims to support continued Iowa Corn Subsidies.

The pandering flip-flop becomes “brutally Cruzian” when the campaign for Ted Cruz denies the current change in position by pointing to a prior change in position; saying, in effect: when Senator Ted Cruz decided to run for President he changed his position, and in 2014 supported a five year phase out of the Renewable Fuel Standard.

So candidate Cruz was against Iowa corn subsidy, 2013; then became for Iowa corn subsidy (with phase out), 2014, and now advocates on behalf of corn subsidy in 2016.

Just like Senator Cruz’s advocacy for the Corker/Cardin amendment (Iran Deal); and just like Senator Cruz’s advocacy for Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) within the Trans-Pacific Trade Deal; Ted Cruz is for them, until he becomes against them – only when the consideration of “them” is determined by the general approval of the electorate.

Got it.

“Cruzian” and “Clintonian” are now virtually synonymous.

[…] Farmers and rural communities across Iowa are going to be encouraged by Sen. Cruz’s remarks. He is clearly listening to the people of Iowa and understands the importance of the Renewable Fuel Standard to America’s economy and energy independence, as he started the caucus process calling for immediate repeal. While not perfect, this is a big step forward by Sen. Cruz. (Iowa Corn Lobby)

It all makes sense now !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224598,"A good breakdown of a specific DNC convention speaker Jennifer Lim at The Intercept, outlines what we have been discussing for over four years. Wall Street, via The U.S. Chamber of Commerce (Tom Donohue President) will support Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.

Jennifer Lim (pictured below left) was presented to the DNC Convention audience as the co-founder of Republican women for Hillary. What the DNC did not tell the audience was Lim’s day job as a lobbyist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.

As we continually stated throughout the GOP primary race, if Donald Trump was able to secure the GOP nomination the UniParty globalist financiers would support Hillary Clinton.

(Intercept) […] the latest indication that the U.S. big-business community may be preparing to back Hillary Clinton, which would be a truly tectonic shift.

Although the Chamber may present itself as the champion of small businesses, it essentially functions as a money laundry for the world’s largest multi-national corporations, who want to keep their political activity at arm’s length. (read more)

The fundamental paradigm shift that most people still cannot fathom, is the reality of Donald Trump representing a second party. Both the Democrats and Republicans are unified under a globalist, financial, Wall Street, umbrella. There is no difference between the Democrats and Republicans – they are the UniParty.

The UniParty has two wings, Democrats and Republicans, but the overriding goals –and the legislative priorities to fulfill those goals– are in sync with Wall Street’s financial agenda.

The #NeverTrump types (Eric Erickson, Mark Levin, Stephen Hayes, Hugh Hewitt, Ben Shapiro et al) are part of the right-wing of the UniParty. These UniParty conservatives are more aligned with their left-wing UniParty membership; hence, the praise from these voices for the DNC Convention.

Donald Trump is the SECOND PARTY, positioned to upset the entire globalist apple-cart; and as such he is the existential threat to the decades long construct.

Repeat this as many times as needed – “Trump is the second party” – to remind yourselves, and also to educate your friends and family.

Until people accept that modern ‘traditional republicans‘ and ‘traditional democrats‘ are the same ideological brothers and sisters, they will remain confused at the contradictions and hypocrisy.

However, once people realize the DC team of Democrats and Republicans are working toward the same objectives – the former contradictions begin to reconcile.

The sales people who have historically tried to sell the U.S. electorate on a false premise (a fallacy of false choice) are pundits, opinion writers and radio talk show hosts who are also benefactors of the same Wall Street/U.S. CoC corporate objectives.

Donald Trump is an existential threat to these corporate media livelihoods.

When you understand the principle behind the UniParty, you understand why Fox News, The Wall Street Journal, and other corporate media outlets are now visibly against Trump (before they have stood with Republican UniParty candidates). The same is true for internet media content providers whom you may have formerly considered, “conservative”.

The “conservative voices of the UniParty” are the same voices railing against the Donald Trump candidacy. Their UniParty membership is more important to them than any nationalist sentiment. Therefore they support their own team, Hillary Clinton.

When you make these reconciliations in your thinking, all of the disconnected contradictions fall into place. Accepting this reality is the key paradigm shift that people need – to fully understand what is going on.

[…] In an interview with The Intercept after her remarks Thursday night, Lim said she could not speak for her colleagues at the Chamber, but said she hears from a lot of Republicans who increasingly support Clinton on account of her pro-corporate policies. “I think [Clinton] is going to be a moderate policy maker, especially for the general election. She’s clearly going back towards the middle,” said Lim. “She wants to reduce the red tape and regulation on America’s small businesses, and I think that’s a starting point for a lot of Republicans.” It also may not be a coincidence that, as CNN reported in early July, her husband Tim Lim has worked for the Clinton campaign and is a partner at Bully Pulpit Interactive, which has a multimillion-dollar contract with the Clinton campaign. (read more)

The factual ‘Modern’ UniParty evidence can be traced back to the 2009 “Stimulus Bill” and the eight subsequent years without a federal budget. Because of baseline budgeting, and because of the absence of a federal budget, the original $$1 trillion stimulus, has been spent in each fiscal year thereafter.

That’s right, it’s been spent seven times, $$7 trillion+ in spending. Where the heck did it go? Well, in addition to propping up ObamaCare…

…Both wings of the UniParty, republicans and democrats, have benefited from this unprecedented spending spree. Part of that spending has been to ensure their own reelection, via various pork projects brought back home.

In addition to the lack of a federal budget, there has been more obvious evidence of their UniParty ruse. The Corker/Cardin amendment to facilitate the Iran deal is one example, the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) “Fast-Track” provision is another.

Each of these UniParty legislative constructs flipped the 3/5ths (60) vote to approve requirement for legislative passage – into a needed 3/5ths (60) vote to deny passage.

It now takes 60 votes to stop a deal, and only 41 votes to approve it.

Iran Deal / TPA (fast track) – If republicans were against the Obama objectives, why would republicans make it harder on themselves deny legislation they don’t support?

Short answer, they wouldn’t.

What the UniParty is doing here is facilitating passage of the White House and Wall Street’s legislative priorities, and simultaneously protecting themselves and hiding the UniParty.

By flipping the terms for approval on each controversial bill 59 senators can vote against the measure (ie. hide), and still have it pass. See how that works?

With the approval thresholds flipped, the only negotiations are about who is forced to vote to approve the controversial bill, and who gets to remain hidden.

That’s where Mitch McConnell -the grand snake- comes in and organizes the votes based on who is up next in the election cycle. If you are not up for reelection in 2016/2018 then you might have to be one of the visible 40 votes for it….. the electorate will forget by the time you’re back up for election again in 2020. See how that works?

There is only one party in Washington DC…

The UniParty!

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122324,"Previously the DOJ was only going so far as to call the Tea-Party right-wing extremists so they could be easily targeted by the IRS. Now the DOJ intends to push the envelope further by attaching the “right-wing” label to Islamic Jihad. The truth is fundamentally opposite. Totalitarian regimes are on the far left of the political and governmental continuum. But lets not allow facts to mess up a good propaganda campaign.

(Washington Free Beacon) The Department of Justice is concentrating on “far-right” groups in a new study of social media usage aimed at combatting violent extremism.

The Justice Department’s National Institute of Justice (NIJ) awarded Michigan State University $$585,719 for the study, which was praised by Eric Holder, the former attorney general, earlier this year.

“There is currently limited knowledge of the role of technology and computer mediated communications (CMCs), such as Facebook and Twitter, in the dissemination of messages that promote extremist agendas and radicalize individuals to violence,” according to the NIJ grant. “The proposed study will address this gap through a series of qualitative and quantitative analyses of posts from various forms of CMC used by members of both the far-right and Islamic extremist movements.”

The study draws more upon right-wing forums than upon the corners of the web inhabited by Islamist extremists.

“We will collect posts made in four active forums used by members of the far-right and three from the Islamic Extremist community, as well as posts made in Facebook, LiveJournal, Twitter, YouTube, and Pastebin accounts used by members of each movement,” the grant said. (read more)

Remember this little bit of propaganda?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125371,"Scott Adams is a really smart man. As a wise person he is also adverse to bruising, compound fractures, and anything that potentially removes flesh. Mr. Adams appreciates his flesh. Skin is not something he favors having penetrated. Skin is a nice thing to have.

As Mr. Adams contemplates the possibilities of his vote amid 2016 presidential politics, he determines it is better to be more like David Souter than Antonin Scalia:

[…] So I’ve decided to endorse Hillary Clinton for President, for my personal safety. Trump supporters don’t have any bad feelings about patriotic Americans such as myself, so I’ll be safe from that crowd. But Clinton supporters have convinced me – and here I am being 100% serious – that my safety is at risk if I am seen as supportive of Trump. So I’m taking the safe way out and endorsing Hillary Clinton for president. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224072,"Following the defeat of Hillary Clinton democrat operative David Axelrod was the first to say the democrat party needed to create an opposition group as effective as the Tea Party. Within days Paul Begala, David Brock and Bernie Sanders were drum-beating a similar talking point.

Within the various regional meetings to select a DNC Chairperson an identical discussion has been repeated.

The larger progressive movement is trying to create a 2017 political oppositional force similar in scope and effectiveness as the 2009/2010 Tea Party movement.

That political goal has driven the constructed caterwauling and protestations for the past week. However, there is one key difference which dooms any such effort:

• The 2010 Tea Party uprising was brought about by President Obama policies that were minority political positions with majority opposition (see ObamaCare).

• By contrast, the 2017 President Trump policies are majority political positions with minority opposition.

That dynamic is why the mainstream media need to elevate the minority protesters to enhance their position.

“Resist We Much”…

.

.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223119,"(MARYLAND) An email sent to students by a University of Maryland official that cites the Trayvon Martin shooting as evidence “it is legal to hunt down and kill American children in Florida” is being blasted as the latest evidence of a left-wing bias on campus.

The email, from William Dorland, director of the school’s Honors College, starts by welcoming students back to campus, but then quickly veers into politics.

“This year, we learned that it is legal to hunt down and kill American children in Florida,” it reads, in a reference to the trial of George Zimmerman, who was cleared of all charges in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin. The email went out to all students in the Honors College.

The political language continued:

“This year, the most activist Supreme Court in the history of the United States and radical factions of gun owners, gun manufacturers, and marijuana users are challenging the very fabric of the nation…”

Dorland then invites students to attend a lecture by former NAACP chairman Julian Bond. (READ MORE)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33557,"“Subversive leaders in democracies do not tell their citizens where they wish to lead their societies. They hide their goals from their citizens because they understand that their citizens do not share their goals. Then once they achieve their unspoken goals, they present their people with a fait accompli and announce that only they are competent to shepherd their societies through the radical shift they undertook behind the public’s back.” – Caroline Glick

President Obama clearly identified himself as a progressive. This is in contrast to socialism who believes that capitalism can exist within the political structure. His form of progressivism excludes capitalism with the government in complete control. This can only happen in a totalitarian form of government. Husain Obama wishes to be a dictator.

He has brought out his troops, high level government economists and party advisors advocating the immorality of CEOs working in the interests of their shareholders. They try to point out that it is the CEO restraint in recapitalization with their available funds that is immoral and anti-patriotic. Back to class warfare about the fairness of progressive taxation. All directed to eliminating corporate power, the justification of a totalitarian government.

Looking entirely from an economic perspective, it can be argued there are quasi socialistic countries, ie Panama, with a successful economy from a coexistence of capitalism and socialism. The free economy is yielding a real growth of over 8% and unemployment of less than 4.5%. This is accomplished with a 7% sales tax and a debt to GDP ratio of 38%. It has also been confirmed by the economies in socialistic Chile and communistic China. While you may not enjoy the diminished freedoms there, economically their model is sufficiently stable. However, economic success can not be done in a progressive economy as seen by Venezuela, Bolivia, and others. I doubt anyone can point toward any successful progressive economy.

It is worthy noting that the progressive Wilson created the FED with the help of bankers and it is evident that this is one of our present problems. The 1920 panic was the aftermath of his presidency. President Harding, by ignoring the advice of his financial advisor, Herbert Hoover, resolved a very severe panic in less than a year with Austrian economics. It set up the booming 20’s for the eventual ‘29 blow out as the business cycle was ignored with excessive speculation. It can then be said that Wilson was actually responsible for the great depression that was initiated by the 1920 panic. The progressive FDR then was able to maintain the depression for over 10 years.

We are again faced with an admitted progressive with a design to eliminate corporate power – in other words eliminate capitalism. The US has a fiscal crisis, but a larger crisis from an attempt to destroy an economic structure responsible for our quality of life. Not only for our loss of material wealth but the loss of our basic freedoms as well. The market looks only to today, but we all need to look at what is happening and be ready to counter this threat to our existence.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123787,"Yesterday was stressful here in the Treehouse. The day before yesterday was stressful here in the Treehouse. The day before the day before was — well, you get the idea. For many reasons (all of them stressful) at 8:30 last … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
127438,"This is one of those ah-ha moments when several political variables seem to reconcile simultaneously. For those who doubted the Earlier Tripwire, here’s the evidence.

There is a Super-PAC called “Stand for Truth” registered out of Lexington Kentucky headed by a guy named Eric Lycan. [Here’s the link – search box “Stand for Truth”]

Mr. Eric Lycan was Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s lawyer during his re-election campaign against Matt Bevin. Lycan also has deep tentacles within the entire GOPe apparatus, including the Chamber of Commerce. You can confirm identity from the filing paperwork and the reported contact information which is the same as THIS LINK to the Dinsmore legal group.

Link for FEC Filing [Again search box “Stand for Truth”]

Link to Dinsmore Group Bio

So obviously Eric Lycan is a deep insider within GOPe circles:

He’s represented, and/or is representing, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.

He also represents clients to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce (Tom Donohue connection).

He’s a member of the National Republican Lawyers Board of Governors.

He was the Kentucky Chairman, Lawyers for Romney in 2012.

There’s no questioning his GOPe bona fides. However, here’s where things get really interesting.

Given his curriculum vitae and the direct connection to Mitch McConnell you might not expect to see this:

It’s a pro-Ted Cruz Super-PAC. The filing above also shows they spent $$42,000 to create digital advertising for Ted Cruz, and…

…..wait for it…

….. spent $$192,594.00 for “RADIO ADVERTISING”.

It makes a person wonder which radio broadcasters might have picked up some of that Pro-Ted Cruz advertising money?

…and maybe that explains why THIS seemed to have struck such a nerve.

.@marklevinshow Have you taken any advertising $$$$ from SRCP Media? — TheLastRefuge (@TheLastRefuge2) January 26, 2016

But wait, it gets better….

Eric Lycan’s “Stand for Truth” Super-PAC is not only Pro-Cruz, it is also Anti-Donald Trump. Producing and paying for airing of negative ads in Iowa against Candidate Donald Trump (examples found here):

The filing above exhibits spending of $$150,000 for negative digital ads in opposition to Donald Trump and $$15,750.00 in production costs for the same.

And this is NO SMALL SUPER-PAC, they are spending $$2,251,345.00 They are putting out a lot of money. More money than would come from small donors etc.

But again, big picture, why would a Mitch McConnell aligned type of DC insider, with strong connections to the U.S. CoC, be spending millions to support Ted Cruz and spend millions against Donald Trump?

These FACTS, not suppositions, FACTS, blow the “outsider Cruz” narrative a bit, no? These FACTS also seem to run exactly opposite of this Ted Cruz presentation of his relationship with Mitch McConnell, no?

Exactly the opposite seems to be going on. A DC PAC pro-Cruz and anti-Trump, has the very distinct odor of yet another Cruz-like quid-pro-quo (TPA maybe).

*Note* The “Stand for Truth” PAC is also spending money against Marco Rubio in Iowa, but that reconciles when you look at the CV of Lycan and note the “internet and on-line gambling” aspect. Rubio is being backed by Sheldon Adelson . Adelson is spending money on anti-Cruz ads; Lycan is just hitting back.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123986,"Sadly hilarious, in a predictable way…. we are only four days into the new year and already it appears five of our ten predictions for 2013 will come to fruition…. WASHINGTON — Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) has privately told other … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126640,"The Sean Hannity show exposing and discussing the Operation Fast and Furious was quite good.

Now comes the “who knew and when” part.

God Bless the Brian Terry family who must be heartbroken having to re-live this nightmare.

I hope some justice is near.

Prayers.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224668,"(New York, NY) – President-elect Donald J. Trump announced that Vice President-elect Mike Pence will serve as Chairman of the Presidential Transition Team, and that Dr. Ben Carson, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, Former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Newt Gingrich, Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, USA (Ret.), Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions will join the team’s Executive Committee as Vice Chairs.

President-elect Trump also announced that the following leaders will join the Presidential Transition Team Executive Committee:

• Congressman Lou Barletta

• Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn

• Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi

• Congressman Chris Collins

• Jared Kushner

• Congressman Tom Marino

• Rebekah Mercer

• Steven Mnuchin

• Congressman Devin Nunes

• Anthony Scaramucci

• Peter Thiel

• Donald Trump Jr.

• Eric Trump

• Ivanka Trump

• RNC Chairman Reince Priebus

• Trump Campaign CEO Stephen K. Bannon

President-elect Donald J. Trump also announced that Chief of Staff to U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions, Rick Dearborn, will join the Presidential Transition Team as Executive Director.

Richard Bagger, Executive Director of the Presidential Transition Team during the preparation phase, will return to the private sector but will remain with the Team as an Advisor, as will preparation phase General Counsel Bill Palatucci.

Joining Dearborn on the Presidential Transition Team’s Staff Leadership lineup are:

♦ Kellyanne Conway, Senior Advisor

♦ David Bossie, Deputy Executive Director

♦ Stephen Miller, National Policy Director

♦ Jason Miller, Communications Director

♦ Hope Hicks, National Press Secretary

♦ Dan Scavino, Director of Social Media

♦ Don McGahn, General Counsel

♦ Katie Walsh, Senior Advisor

The Vice President-elect has tapped his three senior advisors, Nick Ayers, Josh Pitcock, and Marc Short, to work alongside him in this process.

“President-elect Trump will bring about fundamental change in Washington, and these are the right people to make that happen,” added Vice President-elect Pence. “This team of experienced leaders will form the building blocks of our Presidential Transition Team staff leadership roster, and will work with elected officials and tireless volunteers to prepare our government for the transfer of power on January 20th.” (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45849,"(Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch announced today that it has obtained documents from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that confirm that the IRS used donor lists to tax-exempt organizations to target those donors for audits.

The documents also show IRS officials specifically highlighted how the U.S. Chamber of Commerce may come under “high scrutiny” from the IRS. The IRS produced the records in a Freedom of Information lawsuit seeking documents about selection of individuals for audit-based application information on donor lists submitted by Tea Party and other 501(c)(4) tax-exempt organizations (Judicial Watch v. Internal Revenue Service (No. 1:15-cv-00220)).

A letter dated September 28, 2010, then-Democrat Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus (D-MT) informs then-IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman: “ I request that you and your agency survey major 501(c)(4), (c)(5) and (c)(6) organizations …” In reply, in a letter dated February 17, 2011, Shulman writes: “In the work plan of the Exempt Organizations Division, we announced that beginning in FY2011, we are increasing our focus on section 501(c)(4), (5) and (6) organizations.”

In 2010, after receiving Baucus’s letter, the IRS considered the issue of auditing donors to 501(c)(4) organizations, alleging that a 35 percent gift tax would be due on donations in excess of $$13,000. The documents show that the IRS wanted to cross-check donor lists from 501(c)(4) organizations against gift tax filings and commence audits against taxpayers based on this information.

A gift tax on contributions to 501(c)(4)’s was considered by most to be a dead letter since the IRS had never enforced the rule after the Supreme Court ruled that such taxes violated the First Amendment. The documents show that the IRS had not enforced the gift tax since 1982.

But then, in February 2011, at least five donors of an unnamed organization were audited. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223915,"The chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Ajit Pai, fired a direct shot across the bow of the technocrats who control social media platforms today.

Chairman Pai righteously called out Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and other platform control agents for being ideologically biased, and using their platforms to target their ideological opposition.

Defending his plan to roll back Obama’s one-sided internet rules, the Chairman outlined how he intended to ensure a free, fair and open internet. [Full Speech Transcript below]

“The Internet is the greatest free-market innovation in history. It’s allowed us to live, play, work, learn, and speak in ways that were inconceivable a generation ago. But it didn’t have to be that way. Its success is due in part to regulatory restraint. Democrats and Republicans decided in the 1990s that this new digital world wouldn’t be centrally planned like a slow-moving utility. Instead, they chose Internet freedom. The results speak for themselves.

Now, much has been said and written over the course of the last week about the plan to restore Internet freedom. But much of the discussion has brought more heat than light. So this afternoon, I’d like to cut through the hysteria and hot air and speak with you in plain terms about the plan. First, I’ll explain what it will do. Second, I’ll discuss why I’m advancing it. And third, I’ll respond to the main criticisms that have been leveled against it.

First: what will the plan do?

When you cut through the legal terms and technical jargon, it’s very simple. The plan to restore Internet freedom will bring back the same legal framework that was governing the Internet three years ago today and that has governed the Internet for most of its existence.

Let me repeat this point. The plan will bring back the same framework that governed the Internet for most of its existence. If you’ve been reading some of the media coverage about the plan, this might be news to you. After all, returning to the legal framework for Internet regulation that was in place three years ago today doesn’t sound like “destroying the Internet” or “ending the Internet as we know it.” And it certainly isn’t good clickbait. But facts are stubborn things.

And here are some of those facts. Until 2015, the FCC treated high-speed Internet access as a lightly-regulated “information service” under Title I of the Communications Act. A few years ago, the Obama Administration instructed the FCC to change course. And it did, on a party-line vote in 2015; it classified Internet access as a heavily-regulated “telecommunications service” under Title II of the Communications Act. If the plan is adopted on December 14, we’ll simply reverse the FCC’s 2015 decision and go back to the pre-2015 Title I framework.

Now, I’m sure some of you out there are still thinking that there must be more to it than this. And I’ll confess that once the plan to restore Internet freedom is adopted, one thing will be different compared to three years ago. Consumers will be empowered by getting more information from Internet service providers (ISPs). My ISP transparency rule will be stronger than it was in 2014.

That’s the “what.” Next: why? Why am I proposing to return to the pre-2015 regulatory

framework? The most important reason is that it was an overwhelming success.

Think back to what the Internet looked like in 1996. E-mail was still the killer app. AOL was the most visited website. The top 20 sites included the homepages for four universities (Carnegie Mellon, Illinois, Michigan, and MIT). Forget about YouTube; just downloading a static webpage took 30 seconds, and you paid by the hour for access. And being online also tied up your phone line.

So how did we get from there to here?

As I said at the outset, a huge part of the answer is the Telecommunications Act of 1996. As part of this landmark law, President Clinton and a Republican Congress agreed that it would be the policy of 2the United States “to preserve the vibrant and competitive free market that presently exists for the Internet . . . unfettered by Federal or State regulation.”

They deliberately rejected thinking of the Internet as Ma Bell, or a water company, or a subway system. Encouraged by light-touch regulation, the private sector invested over $$1.5 trillion to build out wired and wireless networks throughout the United States. 28.8k modems eventually gave way to gigabit fiber connections.

U.S. innovators and entrepreneurs used this open platform to start companies that have become global giants. (Indeed, the five biggest companies in America today by market capitalization are Internet companies.) America’s Internet economy became the envy of the world, and the fact that the largest technology companies of the digital economy are homegrown has given us a key competitive advantage.

But then, in early 2015, the FCC chose a decidedly different course for the Internet. At the

urging of the Obama Administration, the FCC scrapped the tried-and-true, light touch regulation of the Internet and replaced it with heavy-handed micromanagement.

It did this despite the fact that the Internet wasn’t broken in 2015. There was no market failure that justified the regulatory sledgehammer of Title II. But no matter; 21st century networks would now be regulated under creaky rules that were the hot new thing back in the 1930s, during the Roosevelt Administration.

The results have been bad for consumers. The first negative consumer impact is less

infrastructure investment. The top complaint consumers have about the Internet is not and has never been that their ISP is doing things like blocking content; it’s that they don’t have enough access and competition. Ironically, Title II has made that concern even worse by reducing investment in building and maintaining high-speed networks. In the two years of the Title II era, broadband network investment declined by $$3.6 billion—or more than 5%. Notably, this is the first time that such investment has declined outside of a recession in the Internet era.

When there’s less investment, that means fewer next-generation networks are built. That means fewer jobs for Americans building those networks. And that means more Americans are left on the wrong side on the digital divide.

The impact has been particularly serious for smaller Internet service providers. They don’t have the time, money, or lawyers to navigate a thicket of complex rules. I have personally visited some of them, from Spencer Municipal Utilities in Spencer, Iowa to Wave Wireless in Parsons, Kansas. So it’s no surprise that the Wireless Internet Service Providers Association, which represents small fixed wireless companies that typically operate in rural America, surveyed its members and found that over 80% “incurred additional expense in complying with the Title II rules, had delayed or reduced network expansion, had delayed or reduced services and had allocated budget to comply with the rules.”

Other small companies, too, have told the FCC that these regulations have forced them to cancel, delay, or curtail fiber network upgrades. And nearly two dozen small providers submitted a letter saying the FCC’s heavy-handed rules “affect our ability to find financing.”

That’s what makes Title II regulations so misplaced. However well intentioned, they’re hurting the very small providers and new entrants that are best positioned to bring additional competition into the marketplace. As I warned before the FCC went down this road in 2015, a regulatory structure designed for a monopoly will inevitably move the market in the direction of a monopoly.

Turning away from investment, the second negative consumer impact from the FCC’s heavy-handed regulations has been less innovation. We shifted from a wildly successful framework of permission-less innovation to a mother-may-I approach that has had a chilling effect. One major company, for instance, reported that it put on hold a project to build out its out-of-home Wi-Fi network due to uncertainty about the FCC’s regulatory stance.

A coalition of 19 municipal Internet service providers —that is, city-owned nonprofits— have told the FCC that they “often delay or hold off from rolling out a new feature or service because [they] cannot afford to deal with a potential complaint and enforcement action.” Ask yourself: How is this good for consumers?

Much of the problem stems from the vague Internet conduct standard that the Commission adopted in 2015—a standard that I’m proposing to repeal. Under this standard, the FCC didn’t say specifically what conduct was prohibited. Instead, it gave itself a roving mandate to second-guess new service offerings, new features, and new business models. Understandably, businesses asked for clarity on how this standard would be applied. My predecessor’s answer, and I quote: “We don’t know, we’ll have to see where things go.” That’s the very definition of regulatory uncertainty.

Well, where did things go? It’s telling that the Commission’s first target under the Internet

conduct standard was consumer-friendly free-data plans. Wireless companies are offering customers the option of enjoying services like streaming video or music exempt from any data limits.

These plans have proven quite popular, especially among lower-income Americans. Yet the FCC had met the enemy, and it was free data. It started a lengthy investigation of free-data plans and would have cracked down on them had the presidential election turned out differently.

So that’s what I’m proposing to do and why I’m proposing to do it.

Next, I’d like to take on the main criticisms I’ve heard directed against the plan and separate fact from fiction—one claim at a time. And given that some of the more eye-catching critiques have come from Hollywood celebrities, whose large online followings give them out-sized influence in shaping the public debate, I thought I’d directly respond to some of their assertions.

Perhaps the most common criticism is that ending Title II utility-style regulation will mean the end of the Internet as we know it. Or, as Kumail Nanjiani, a star of HBO’s Silicon Valley put it, “We willnever go back to a free Internet.”

But here’s the simple truth: We had a free and open Internet for two decades before 2015, and we’ll have a free and open Internet going forward.

Many critics don’t seem to understand that we are moving from heavy-handed regulation to light-touch regulation, not a completely hands-off approach. We aren’t giving anybody a free pass. We are simply shifting from one-size-fits-all pre-emptive regulation to targeted enforcement based on actual market failure or anticompetitive conduct.

For example, the plan would restore the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, America’s premier consumer protection agency, to police the practices of Internet service providers. And if companies engage in unfair, deceptive, or anticompetitive practices, the Federal Trade Commission would be able to take action.

This framework for protecting a free and open Internet worked well in the past, and it will work well again. Chairman Ohlhausen will soon offer further details.

The plan would also empower the Federal Trade Commission to once again police broadband providers’ privacy and data security practices. In 2015, we stripped the Federal Trade Commission of that authority. But the plan would put the nation’s most experienced privacy cop back on the beat. That should be a welcome development for every American who cares about his or her privacy.

Another concern I’ve heard is that the plan will harm rural and low-income Americans.

Cher, for example, has tweeted that the Internet “Will Include LESS AMERICANS NOT MORE” if my proposal is adopted. But the opposite is true. The digital divide is all too real. Too many rural and low-income Americans are still unable to get high-speed Internet access. But heavy-handed Title II regulations just make the problem worse! They reduce investment in broadband networks, especially in rural and low-income areas. By turning back time, so to speak, and returning Internet regulation to the pre-2015 era, we will expand broadband networks and bring high-speed Internet access to more Americans, not fewer.

Then there is this critique that offered by Mark Ruffalo: “Taking away #NetNeutrality is the Authoritarian dream. Consolidating information in the hands of a few controlled by a few. Dangerous territory.” I will confess when I saw this tweet I was tempted to just say “Hulk . . . wrong” and move on.

But I’ve seen similar points made elsewhere, including in one e-mail asking: “Do you really want to be the man who was responsible for making America another North Korea?”

These comments are absurd. Getting rid of government authority over the Internet is the exact opposite of authoritarianism. Government control is the defining feature of authoritarians, including the one in North Korea.

Another common criticism is that after the plan is adopted, the Internet will become like cable television, and Americans will have to pay more to reach certain groups of websites.

George Takei of Star Trek fame recently tweeted an article claiming that this was happening in Portugal, which doesn’t have net neutrality, and that this would happen in the United States if the plan were adopted.

There are a few problems with this. For one thing, the Obama Administration itself made clear that curated Internet packages are lawful in the United States under the commission’s 2015 rules.

That’s right: the conduct described in a graphic that is currently being spread around the Internet is currently allowed under the previous Administration’s Title II rules. So, for example, if broadband providers want to offer a $$10 a month package where you could only access a few websites like Twitter and Facebook,they can do that today.

Indeed, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals recently pointed out that net neutrality

rules don’t prohibit these curated offerings. So the complaint by Mr. Takei and others doesn’t hold water. They’re arguing that if the plan is adopted, Internet service providers would suddenly start doing something that net-neutrality rules already allow them to do. But the reason that Internet service providers aren’t offering such packages now, and

likely won’t offer such packages in the future, is that American consumers by and large don’t want them.

Additionally, as several fact-checkers have pointed out, as part of the European Union, Portugal does have net neutrality regulations! Moreover, the graphic relates to supplemental data plans featuring specific apps that customers could get from one provider, beyond the various unrestricted base plans that provider offered. As one report put it, this example “is pointing to an example that has nothing to do with net neutrality.”

Shifting gears, Alyssa Milano tweeted, “We’ve faced a lot of issues threatening our democracy in the last year. But, honestly, the FCC and @AjitPaiFCC’s dismantling of #NetNeutrality is one the biggest.”

I’m threatening our democracy? Really? I’d like to see the evidence that America’s

democratic institutions were threatened by a Title I framework, as opposed to a Title II framework, during the Clinton Administration, the Bush Administration, and the first six years of the Obama Administration.

Don’t hold your breath—there is none. If this were Who’s the Boss?, this would be an opportunity for Tony Danza to dish out some wisdom about the consequences of making things up.

This reminds me of another point, one that’s been brought home to me the past few days.

This debate needs, our culture needs, a more informed discussion about public policy. We need quality information, not hysteria, because hysteria takes us to unpleasant, if not dangerous places. We can disagree on policy. But we shouldn’t demonize, especially when all of us share the same goal of a free and open Internet.

Anyway, the criticism of this plan comes from more than just Hollywood. I’m also well aware that some in Silicon Valley have criticized it. Twitter, for example, has said that it strongly opposes it and “will continue to fight for an open Internet, which is indispensable to free expression, consumer choice, and innovation.”

Now look: I love Twitter, and I use it all the time. But let’s not kid ourselves; when it comes to an open Internet, Twitter is part of the problem. The company has a viewpoint and uses that viewpoint to discriminate.

As just one of many examples, two months ago, Twitter blocked Representative Marsha

Blackburn from advertising her Senate campaign launch video because it featured a pro-life message.

Before that, during the so-called Day of Action, Twitter warned users that a link to a statement by one company on the topic of Internet regulation “may be unsafe.” And to say the least, the company appears to have a double standard when it comes to suspending or de-verifying conservative users’ accounts as opposed to those of liberal users. This conduct is many things, but it isn’t fighting for an open Internet.

And unfortunately, Twitter isn’t an outlier. Indeed, despite all the talk about the fear that

broadband providers could decide what Internet content consumers can see, recent experience shows that so-called edge providers are in fact deciding what content they see.

These providers routinely block or discriminate against content they don’t like.

The examples from the past year alone are legion. App stores barring the doors to apps from even cigar aficionados because they are perceived to promote tobacco use. Streaming services restricting videos from the likes of conservative commentator Dennis Prager on subjects he considers “important to understanding American values.”

Algorithms that decide what content you see (or don’t), but aren’t disclosed themselves. Online platforms secretly editing certain users’ comments. And of course, American companies caving to repressive foreign governments’ demands to block certain speech—

conduct that would be repugnant to free expression if it occurred within our borders.

In this way, edge providers are a much bigger actual threat to an open Internet than broadband providers, especially when it comes to discrimination on the basis of viewpoint.

That might explain why the CEO of a company called Cloudflare recently questioned whether “is it the right place for tech companies to be regulating the Internet.” He didn’t offer a solution, but remarked that “what I know is not the right answer is that a cabal of ten tech executives with names like Matthew, Mark, Jack, . . . Jeff are the ones choosing what content goes online and what content doesn’t go online.”

Nonetheless, these companies want to place much tougher regulations on broadband providers than they are willing to have placed upon themselves. So let’s be clear. They might cloak their advocacy in the public interest, but the real interest of these Internet giants is in using the regulatory process to cement their dominance in the Internet economy.

And here’s the thing: I don’t blame them for trying. But the government shouldn’t aid and abet this effort. We have no business picking winners and losers in the marketplace. A level playing field, not regulatory arbitrage, is what best serves consumers and competition.

To wrap up, I’d like to quote from an article in The New York Times: “Some experts say the

government’s planned withdrawal from Internet management . . . is the best way to bring marketplace efficiencies to the increasingly commercial global network. But pessimists worry that this critical part of the emerging electronic web could become a patchwork of private roads.”

This passage was written way back in 1994 about the decision to privatize the Internet.

History has proven that policymakers made the right decision then. And that they made the right decision in 1996, when they applied a light-touch regulatory framework to the Internet.

So when you get past the wild accusations, fearmongering, and hysteria, here’s the boring bottom line: the plan to restore Internet freedom would return us to the light touch, market-based approach under which the Internet thrived. And that’s why I am asking my colleagues to vote for it on December 14.”

[Transcript Link]

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224481,"This is the third time someone claiming to be Piers Morgan has appeared on television making more than a marginal amount of sense. Rumors swirl that it’s actually a cognitive stunt double, an imposter. Implying the real Moonbat version of Morgan, that Americans are accustomed to seeing, is vacationing in the Caribbean.

Imposter Morgan making common sense great again. Watch:

.

Is that Piers Morgan, or an imposter from a parallel universe?…

I know right?…

It was only tomorrow we discovered time travel is real…. or, wait, was that discovery yesterday?

""@delonte3ast: Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit @realdonaldtrump in the White House."" Very cool! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2015

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222824,"How many times since the search for the 1987 “Great White Defendant” began – has the national media chased, worked up, created and sold some white racist outrage; only to find out after a thorough review, when all the facts come out, it’s all a fiasco – a farce?

Tawana Brawley, Duke Lacrosse, Jena Six and recently Trayvon Martin just to name a few.

It is profoundly ironic, and actually a sad reflection on both society and the media, we find ourselves in 2014 with yet another replay only two years distant from the Trayvon Martin fiasco.

Yet, here we go again. The legacy media once again trying desperately to convince the masses a transparently innocent man is guilty of racism and deadly intent.

Yeah, I said “transparently innocent“, and yet only the cursory facts are presentable on the table. How, you might ask, it is possible to come to such a rapid conclusion?

Easy – lest anyone need a reminder; all are considered “innocent” until proven guilty in a court of law.

So allow me to ask the reverse: “how anyone could reconcile a disparate current belief when the investigation is only in it’s infancy, and there is nothing empirically available to bring an alternate conclusion”?

The bizarro factor is how entirely predictable these events are. It’s almost like they are following a specific planned sequence; inside the playbook you find the surrounding narrative of the Michael Brown shooting looking for a willing audience.

Every single detail is following the exact same pattern in the Trayvon Martin vs. George Zimmerman case.

EVERY DETAIL.

Every detail, including the media construct which flies in the face of the daily surfacing events – yet the media cling to reconstructing it even as it is shredded in front of their eyes.

We have previously outlined 36 exactly identical aspects to Mike Brown and Trayvon Martin. To those previous mentions you can now add (37) video tape which contradicts the initial media preferred storyline. (38) Both took possession of cigarillos, or blunts, immediately prior to their deaths. (39) Neither of them paid the cashier for the products they needed. (40) The media trying to cover for the lack of character inherent within the recorded and visible activity. (41) Both community responses calling for the firing of the police Chief for sharing the truth. (42) The Federal DOJ comes down against the release of the truthful information. (43) The New Black Panthers show up in the community and demand the DEATH of the shooter. (44) The local, state and federal authorities do nothing about the death threats, and actively seek to support them.

The non-cropped photo: Eric Holder approved Captain Ron Johnson marching for justice in Ferguson Missouri alongside street gang members from the notorious “Bloods”. But nobody seems to have a problem with that – go figure.

“what’s up blood”?

It’s Deja vu all over again. As Steve Sailer has aptly written:

How can the New York Times and the Obama Administration do their job of telling you what to think about this Defining Event of our Times when the local cops are free to release a security camera video on the Internet for the whole world to view? It’s just not fair: the Obama / Media Industrial Complex has all these highly expensive methods and minions for the engineering of human souls; yet a few wreckers at the local police force can undermine all that power and prestige just by posting evidence on YouTube.

I hope and pray Officer Wilson doesn’t hire some limp-wristed legal academic who becomes more concerned with his own career, chasing a job in TV punditry, and the feelings of the greater nationally wounded community – than the actual representation of his client. Let us hope this becomes the first point of difference between Zimmerman and Wilson.

The absence of staunch legal representation could possibly be too much to watch unfold again. Because neither of these examples should ever reach beyond a Grand Jury review. But we saw how that worked out in 2012 – when the consideration of a Grand Jury actually became a risk to advancing the larger grievance goals, so the schemers skipped it.

Transparently Innocent – Even a first year journalist can find the visible dots which connect a very specific set of facts.

Officer Wilson with not a blemish on his record. A man with a 6 year history and network of community engagement where the friends and colleagues speak highly of his professionalism and character. An officer who accepted the detail of the more challenging district and passed on opportunities for lesser crime areas.

Initial reports from officer Wilson and two eye-witnesses were that he was in a direct physical confrontation with Mike Brown; a struggle for the officer’s firearm ensued; a single shot was fired inside the police vehicle which is suspected to have hit Brown; and additional shots were fired outside the vehicle as a consequence of the suspect resisting arrest.

Mike Brown, 6’4″ and almost 300 pounds, having just committed strong armed robbery of a liquor store, and video shows him physically assaulting/intimidating the shopkeeper, encounters the questioning officer 10 minutes after committing the robbery. A struggle ensues, the officer is punched in the face, a shot fired inside the police vehicle as the suspect tries to get the officers weapon; Brown tries to escape arrest and is shot as he attempts the same intimidation move he was on video tape carrying out 10 minutes earlier.

What makes more sense ?

And what is transparently manufactured NON-SENSE ?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33514,"Yes, I actually watched live at 3am because I was essentially viewing this presidential speech in the similar vein of the 2009 Cairo speech. What would Obama project to the world as his goals moving forward. Having said that, it indeed is highly reflective of what we can expect both here and projected abroad for the next four years.

You really only need to watch the first 5 to 7 minutes to get the gist of it.

In short, it was long on words and pontificating, but in true Obama form was also filled with insight as to how he views you, the electorate, and The United States in a broader disconnected sense.

It appears the speech was only moderately well received, most noted by the absence of applause or audience feedback to his long-winded pontificating. Perhaps the world too is becoming bored with the rhetoric that are all things Obama.

He definitely sees himself as President of the World – not a representative of the United States.

He also appears, detached from himself, low on enthusiasm, bored with all the work of administration, and relinquished to a series of stump talking points meant to make others believe he is important or something. The purple lips are back, sullen eye sockets, and all the indicators of moderated and influenced behaviors.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
130445,"The long run. The lifelong commitment. The big picture. The foundational truths. These are the elements that feed the reactors that are burning deep within the hearts and minds of those who make a difference, whether or not they are flamboyant as they do it. Such people are deliberately self-aware but not self-conscious, because their focus is on what desperately needs to be done in response to what others are doing.

Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy is the title by Eric Metaxas that documents the short life and astounding work of Dietrich Bonhoeffer who lived all four of those identities to the full.

It is a mistake to think of Hitler having a meteorically sudden rise to power, and it is a great misreading of events to think that those who actively resisted him did so out of the anxiety of a moment, implementing plans only drawn up under the pressure of we must do something right now. Bonhoeffer and and others who actively resisted both inside and outside of government and military service, were far more thoughtful than such a perception would suggest.

What follows is a two page excerpt from Metaxas’ 2010 biography and may provide some food for thought as we find our places in our own national mess, perhaps feeling as he did, that we have so little ground under our feet because of the entrenched betrayals and deceptions that are dissolving the world as we knew it.

“After Ten Years”

Bonhoeffer had written an essay a few months before his arrest, titled “After Ten Years: A Reckoning Made at New Year 1943.” At Christmas 1942 [he was arrested in April of 1943], he gave copies to Bethge, Dohnanyi, and Hans Oster, and he hid a fourth copy in the ceiling of his attic room. The essay is an assessment of what they had been through and learned in the extraordinary experiences of the ten years since Hitler’s ascension, and it helps us see more of the thinking that led him and all of them to the extraordinary measures they had been taking and would continue to take against the Nazi regime. And it confirms Bonhoeffer’s crucial role in the conspiracy, that of its theologian and moral compass. He helped them see precisely why they had to do what they were doing; why it was not expedient, but right; why it was God’s will.

He opened by framing things.

One may ask whether there have ever before in human history been people with so little ground under their feet — people to whom every available alternative seemed equally intolerable, repugnant, and futile, who looked beyond all these existing alternatives for the source of their strength so entirely in the past or in the future, and who yet, without being dreamers, were able to await the success of their cause so quietly and confidently…. The great masquerade of evil has played havoc with all our ethical concepts. For evil to appear disguised as light, charity, historical necessity, or social justice is quite bewildering to anyone brought up on our traditional ethical concepts, while for the Christian who bases his life on the Bible it merely confirms the fundamental wickedness of evil.

Then he dismissed the standard responses to what they were up against and showed why each would fail. “Who stands fast?” he asked. “Only the man whose final standard is not his reason, his principles, his conscience, his freedom, or his virtue, but who is ready to sacrifice all this when he is called to obedient and responsible action in faith and in exclusive allegiance to God–the responsible man who tries to make his whole life an answer to the question and call of God.”

This was how Bonhoeffer saw what he was doing. He had theologically redefined the Christian life as something active, not reactive. It had nothing to do with avoiding sin or with merely talking or teaching or believing theological notions or principles or rules or tenets. It had everything to do with living one’s whole life in obedience to God’s call through action. It did not merely require a mind, but a body too. It was God’s call to be fully human, to live as human beings obedience to the one who had made us, which was the fulfillment of our destiny. It was not a cramped, compromised, circumspect life, but a life lived in a kind of wild, joyful, full-throated freedom — that was what it was to obey God….

Bonhoeffer talked about how the German penchant for self-sacrifice and submission to authority had been used for evil ends by the Nazis; only a deep understanding of and commitment to the God of the Bible could stand up to such wickedness. “It depends on a God who demands responsible action in a bold venture of faith,” he wrote, “and who promises forgiveness and consolation to the man who becomes a sinner in that venture.” Here was the rub: one must be more zealous to please God than to avoid sin. One must sacrifice oneself utterly to God’s purposes, even to the point of possibly making moral mistakes One’s obedience to God must be forward-oriented and zealous and free, and to be a mere moralist or pietist would make such a life impossible:

If we want to be Christians, we must have some share in Christ’s large-heartedness by acting with responsibility and in freedom when the hour of danger comes, and by showing a real sympathy that springs, not from fear, but from the liberating and redeeming love of Christ for all who suffer. Mere waiting and looking on is not Christian behaviour. The Christian is called to sympathy and action, not in the first place by his own sufferings, but by the sufferings of his brethren, for whose sake Christ suffered.

Bonhoeffer spoke of death too:

In recent years we have become increasingly familiar with the thought of death. We surprise ourselves by the calmness with which we hear of the death of one of our contemporaries. We cannot hate it as we used to for we have discovered some good in it, and have almost comes to terms with it. Fundamentally we feel that we really belong to death already, and that every new day is a miracle. It would probably not be true to say that we welcome death (although we all know that weariness which we ought to avoid like the plague); we are too inquisitive for that — or, to put it more seriously, we should like to see something more of the meaning of our life’s broken fragments…We still love life, but I do not think that death can take us by surprise now. After what we have been through during the war, we hardly dare admit that we should like death to come to us, not accidentally and suddenly through some trivial cause, but in the fullness of life and with everything at stake. It is we ourselves, and not outward circumstances, who make death what it can be, a death freely and voluntarily accepted. –Bonhoeffer/Metaxas

For months now, I have been reading and meditating on the life and death of Dietrich Bonhoeffer with renewed interest since I was introduced to Metaxas’ biography by a dear Canadian friend. My personal copy of the book was a gift from her, received one year ago this week. She set an example that I have followed: I always have in my possession at least one additional copy ready to hand off, pass on and gift someone else with — to encourage thoughtful reading and learning for the times we are in.

The historical contexts and timely spiritual challenges offered in the book surely seem to have been provided by the same merciful Heavenly Father who was Himself Bonhoeffer’s purpose, and who has made the most amazing use of both Bonhoeffer’s life and death.

Bonhoeffer, Thomas Nelson, 2010

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
62135,"Despite the insufferable Chris Wallace this interview with Steve Wynn is interesting from the perspective of a guy who knows everything there is to know about the security behind operating massive hotels and casinos in Las Vegas. Additionally, as one … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122505,We pointed this out last night and apparently it was so brutally obvious even Andrea Mitchell had to admit it: The bigger story is actually who is not present. Within the list of the absent you can identify President Obama’s … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122931,"Fox News

The alleged suspect, Alton Nolen, 30, was recently fired from Vaughn Foods in Moore prior to Thursday’s attack. Moore Police Sgt. Jeremy Lewis told KFOR that Nolen drove to the front of the business and struck a vehicle before walking inside. He then attacked Colleen Hufford, 54, stabbing her several times before severing her head. He also stabbed another woman at the plant, 43-year-old Traci Johnson.

FBI officials are reportedly investigating a beheading at an Oklahoma food distribution center after co-workers said the suspect tried to convert them to Islam after his recent conversion.

Mark Vaughn, an off-duty officer who also serves as chief operating officer of the business, shot Nolen as he was stabbing Johnson.

Sgt. Lewis touted Vaughn as a hero Friday and said he saved Johnson’s life.

“It could have gotten a lot worse. This guy wasn’t going to stop,” said Lewis.

Johnson and Nolen were still hospitalized Friday.

(snip)

According to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections website, Nolen has a criminal history dating back to 2006 that includes charges of possession of a controlled substance and assault and battery on a police officer.

He was imprisoned from April 2011 to March 2013 and is currently listed as being on probation.

The Department of Corrections describes Nolen as having several tattoos, including a picture of Jesus Christ on his chest, praying hands on his arm and an inscription on his abdomen that says, “As-Salaamu Ataikum,” an Arabic greeting often used by Muslims translating to, “Peace be upon you.”

CBS News",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45038,"“Condescension Bias” is generally most noticed when you recognize and accept the political structures within the U.S. are comprised of private entities (political parties) who approve of, or disapprove of, the voices they allow into their group. The DNC and … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121691,"Once again it is prudent to remind everyone to ignore media polls. Instead, focus on what the desperate Clinton campaign is doing, not what the media are trying to portray. Clinton’s legal team appealed to a federal court to extend … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224997,"America’s man of the people spoke to the Michigan’s Detroit Economic Club today, and among other things, told the crowd that his wife Ann, “…drives a couple of Cadillacs.” Yeah…he’s smooth, so totally presidential and so utterly inevitable. We get that, but what’s with Beaver Tree Service in Orlando that line about the trees?

(h/t Pundit & Pundette)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
614,"This outline is the story of how the FBI Counterintelligence Division and DOJ National Security Division were weaponized. This outline is the full story of what House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes is currently working to expose. This outline exposes the biggest political scandal in U.S. history. This outline is also the story of how one man’s action likely saved our constitutional republic.

His name is Admiral Mike Rogers.

I’m calling the back-story to the 2016 FISA 702(16)(17) political corruption by the Obama administration “Operation Condor”. Those of you familiar with the film “Three Days of The Condor” will note how the real life storyline almost mirrors the Hollywood film. For the real life version, NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers plays the role of “Condor”.

“SCIF” – a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility. To understand the larger FISA 702(16)(17) issues in 2016 it is important to focus on the word “compartmented”.

Intelligence information is housed by compartments within the larger intelligence community network. Each intelligence unit holds intelligence unique to that compartment and task. The FBI Counterintelligence unit would hold the intelligence information specific to their task or assignment; the DOJ National Security Division would hold their own compartmented intelligence; again, specific to their task and objectives. So too would the DOJ, DoD (Pentagon), State Dept., or CIA.

This compartmented structure is what led to the creation of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, ODNI. The 911 commission recommended the office to serve as a hub able to ensure intelligence sharing; that is – to ensure intelligence was not intentionally withheld from other compartments when needed.

In 2016 the ODNI for President Obama was James Clapper.

It is doubtful the 911 commission ever gave thought to what might happen when intelligence is weaponized as a political tool. The DNI is a political appointment, a cabinet member, of the President. If the executive branch, the President, wanted to weaponize intelligence as a political tool, he/she would have control over such weaponization as an outcome of their political appointees within the: FBI (Comey, McCabe), DOJ (Lynch/Yates), CIA (Brennan), DNI (Clapper), or DoD (Ash Carter), etc.

The civilian (representative) oversight into the compartmented intelligence falls to a very select group known as the Intelligence Gang of Eight.

Four Democrats and Four Republicans (four minority party and four majority party political leaders) for a total of eight. Four from the House and Four from the Senate. –Understand the Gang of Eight Here– The Gang-of-Eight can, if they choose, interact with the intelligence product with the same level of security clearance as the compartment being reviewed.

Only these eight members can interact with the intelligence product in this way. This ensures their ability to conduct oversight.

It is critical to understand the difference between the House Intelligence Committee, the Senate Intelligence Committee and the Gang of Eight. Only two members from the House Intelligence Committee (chair and minority), and two members of the Senate Intelligence Committee (chair and vice-chair) are participants. The other four are Speaker of the House, minority leader of House, Leader of Senate and Minority leader of Senate. The latter four are not part of any other intel committee.

On March 20th 2017 congressional testimony, James Comey was asked why the FBI Director did not inform congressional oversight about the counterintelligence operation that began in July 2016.

FBI Director Comey said he did not tell congressional oversight he was investigating presidential candidate Donald Trump because the Director of Counterintelligence suggested he not do so. *Very important detail.*

I cannot emphasize this enough. *VERY* important detail. Again, notice how Comey doesn’t use FBI Counterintelligence Director WH “Bill” Priestap’s actual name, but refers to his position and title. Again, watch the first three minutes:

.

FBI Director James Comey was caught entirely off guard by that first three minutes of that questioning. He simply didn’t anticipate it.

Oversight protocol requires the FBI Director to tell the congressional intelligence “Gang of Eight” of any counterintelligence operations. The Go8 has oversight into these ops at the highest level of classification. In July 2016 the time the operation began, oversight was the responsibility of this group, the Gang of Eight: Obviously, based on what we have learned since March 2017, and what has surfaced recently, we can all see why the FBI would want to keep it hidden that they were running a counterintelligence operation against a presidential candidate. After all, as FBI Agent Peter Strzok said it in his text messages, it was an “insurance policy”. REMINDER – FBI Agent Strzok to FBI Attorney Page: “I want to believe the path you threw out for consideration in Andy’s office that there’s no way he gets elected – but I’m afraid we can’t take that risk. It’s like an insurance policy in the unlikely event you die before you’re 40.” FBI Director James Comey told congress on March 20th, 2017, the reason he didn’t inform the statutory oversight “Gang of Eight” was because Bill Priestap (Director of Counterintelligence) recommended he didn’t do it.

The originating intelligence agency agency, in these examples the DOJ National Security Division and/or FBI Counterintelligence Division, holds the proprietary intelligence they create in their SCIF. They may also receive intelligence products created for them, which they will also host in their unique SCIF. Thus, intelligence is compartmentalized.

In 2015 Sally Yates blocked any inspector general oversight of the DOJ National Security Division (SEE Pdf HERE). The Office of Inspector General. Michael Horowitz, requested oversight over the DOJ National Security Division and it was Sally Yates who responded with a lengthy 58-page legal explanation saying, essentially, ‘nope – not allowed.’ (PDF HERE) All of the DOJ is subject to oversight, except the NSD.

The White House -the executive branch- is also a host of intelligence information and consequently the White House has their own SCIF which holds intelligence products they would create (very little), or intelligence products created for them (the vast majority).

An example of a product created for the executive branch would be the President’s Daily Briefing (PDB).

The PDB as a whole product would only exist in the White House SCIF. Parts of the PDB would be hosted by the originating participant, ex. NSA, FBI, DOJ, DoD, CIA State Dept. etc., but only the White House would have the fully assembled product. After all, it’s assembled for the President.

Putting the “Oversight” structure together with the “Compartmented” intelligence security you will note that only a few people ‘could’ traditionally access the full PDB. However, under President Obama the President’s Daily Brief went to almost everyone at top levels in his administration. Regarding the Obama PDB:

[…] But while through most of its history the document has been marked “For the President’s Eyes Only,” the PDB has never gone to the president alone. The most restricted dissemination was in the early 1970s, when the book went only to President Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger, who was dual-hatted as national security adviser and secretary of state. In other administrations, the circle of readers has also included the vice president, the secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, along with additional White House staffers. By 2013, Obama’s PDB was making its way to more than 30 recipients, including the president’s top strategic communications aide and speechwriter, and deputy secretaries of national security departments. (link)

Pay attention to that last part. According to the Washington Post outline Obama’s PDB’s were going to more than 30 recipients including: “Deputy Secretaries of national security departments”.

During an MSNBC interview about her unmasking U.S. citizens within intelligence reports, in April 2017, President Obama’s National Security Adviser, Susan Rice, defined the Obama national security departments to include: “State” – “Defense” (Pentagon includes NSA) and “CIA”….

So under President Obama’s watch Deputy Asst. Secretaries of Defense had daily access to the PDB. An example of an Obama Deputy Asst. Secretary of Defense, Evelyn Farkas.

With dozens of people having access to President Obama’s PDB, Rice’s unmasking of names within the intelligence product gave dozens of people direct access to unmasked intelligence – including Obama officials who could, likely did, use the PDB for specific and intentional political purposes. This political outcome was essentially confirmed by Evelyn Farkas who was one of the downstream recipients of the unmasked intelligence.

If the House Intelligence Committee, or Senate Intelligence Committee, as a whole – wanted to see the President’s Daily Briefing, they would have to request the individual components from the individual intelligence agencies because the PDB product was not created for them; it was created for the Office of The President.

Only the Chairman and Minority leader from each Intel committee could go to the White House to see the PDB end product. [Remember, they alone are four of the Gang-of-Eight.]

This is why Devin Nunes, who is a Go8 member, has to request the intelligence from each department (NSA, DOJ, FBI etc.) in order to share it with the oversight committee. Nunes can review the ‘executive SCIF product’ but cannot export or import intelligence product he did not create.

The Congressional SCIF would then hold the compartmented information after delivery for the committee members to review under very tight controls. The intelligence is removed/deleted after review. No systems are connected.

Our research indicates that in February and March 2017 Chairman Devin Nunes, a gang of eight member, reviewed intelligence reports (most likely PDB’s) that were assembled exclusively for the office of the former President (Obama). That is why he went to the Eisenhower Executive Office Building (EEOB) Information Facility to review.

The intelligence product would be delivered to that SCIF system for his review, most likely by the ODNI (Dan Coats) or NSA (Mike Rogers). It would be removed from that SCIF system after Nunes review, (no systems are connected). It is important to note here that President Trump nominated Senator Dan Coats as ODNI on January 5th, 2017 – however, Democrats held up that nomination until March 16th, 2017.

It is not coincidental that immediately following DNI Dan Coat’s ability to provide that information Chairman Devin Nunes first reported his concerns. After Devin Nunes review the information March 22nd 2017, Nunes stated the intelligence product he reviewed was “not related to Russia, or the FBI Russian counter-intelligence investigation”.

House Intelligence Committee Chairman, Devin Nunes, then held a brief press conference and stated he has been provided intelligence reports brought to him by unnamed sources that include ‘significant information’ about President-Elect Trump and his transition team.

WATCH:

1.) …”On numerous occasions the [Obama] intelligence community incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition.” 2.) “Details about U.S. persons associated with the incoming administration; details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting.” 3.) “Third, I have confirmed that additional names of Trump transition members were unmasked.” 4.) “Fourth and finally, I want to be clear; none of this surveillance was related to Russia, or the investigation of Russian activities.

“The House Intelligence Committee will thoroughly investigate surveillance and its subsequent dissemination, to determine a few things here that I want to read off:” •“Who was aware of it?” •“Why it was not disclosed to congress?” •“Who requested and authorized the additional unmasking?” •“Whether anyone directed the intelligence community to focus on Trump associates?” •“And whether any laws, regulations or procedures were violated?” “I have asked the Directors of the FBI, NSA and CIA to expeditiously comply with my March 15th (2017) letter -that you all received a couple of weeks ago- and to provide a full account of these surveillance activities.”

Again, this is why the intelligence reports seem likely to have been political opposition research -that was part of Obama’s PDB– unless it was a separate intelligence product, apart from the PDB, which was created for the Office of the President. [I view the latter as highly doubtful because it would be too risky for the President to be asking for specific ‘stand alone’ intelligence against political adversaries, ie candidate Donald Trump.]

…Here’s where all the dots connect:

Fast forward to 2018 – Aside from the larger Russian conspiracy narrative, up to now the controversial media story has been around the origin of the 2016 FISA warrant(s).

As previously stated by all reporting there was a June 2016 FISA application that was denied, and an October 2016 application that was approved. The current line of congressional inquiry surrounds the underlying content of the requested FISA warrant, and whether it was built upon fraud and manipulated content (the ‘Steele Dossier’) presented to the FISA Court (FISC).

Recently the media have been working frantically, against an entire year of prior support for the Steele Dossier, to distance the origin of the FBI counterintelligence operation from the dossier. The reason why reveals the bigger underlying story.

When Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes explained his concern in March 2017 about what he saw from a review of 2016 intelligence gathering, reporting and subsequent unmasking, the issue behind his concern was clouded in mystery. Indeed the larger headlines at the time were about demanding a special prosecutor and driving the Russia conspiracy narrative.

In hindsight, and with information from our assembled timelines of 2016 though today, we can now revisit that concern expressed by Chairman Nunes with a great deal more perspective and information. Understanding the latest information will help us all understand the totality of Nunes original frame of reference.

As many of you are aware, immediately following the 2016 presidential election NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers traveled to Trump Tower to meet with president-elect Donald Trump. The day AFTER the Rogers visit, President-elect Trump moved his transition team out of Trump Tower to Bedminister New Jersey.

We always suspected NSA Director Rogers gave President-elect Trump a head’s up of sorts.

Later, during the December 2016 and Jan, Feb, March, April 2017 Russian Conspiracy frenzy, when the entire intelligence community seemed to be collectively leaking against Trump’s interests, those suspicions gained even greater likelihood. However, what we learned in 2017 about the activity in 2016 almost guarantees that was exactly what happened. That back-story also ties into both the FISA issue and the Devin Nunes concern.

Admiral Mike Rogers became NSA director in April 2014.

Sometime in early 2016 Admiral Rogers became aware of “ongoing” and “intentional” violations of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), Section 702 surveillance. Specifically item #17 which includes the unauthorized upstream data collection of U.S. individuals within NSA surveillance.

Section 702 – Item #17 “About Queries” is specifically the collection of emails, and phone call surveillance of U.S. persons.

The public doesn’t discover this issue, and NSA Director Rogers action, until May 2017 when we learn that Rogers told the FISA court he became aware of unlawful surveillance and collection of U.S. persons. Put into context, with the full back-story, it appears that 2016 surveillance was the political surveillance now in the headlines; the stuff Chairman Nunes is currently questioning.

The dates here are important as they tell a story.

As a result of Rogers suspecting [FISA 702 (#17 – email and phone calls)] surveillance activity was being used for reasons he deemed unlawful, in mid 2016 Rogers ordered the NSA compliance officer to run a full audit on 702 NSA compliance.

Again, 702 is basically spying on Americans; the actual “spying” part is 702. Item 17 is “About Queries“, which allows queries or searches of content of email and phone conversations based on any subject matter put into the search field.

The NSA compliance officer identified several strange 702 “About Queries” that were being conducted. These were violations of the fourth amendment (search and seizure), ie. unlawful surveillance and gathering. Admiral Rogers was briefed by the compliance officer on October 20th, 2016.

Admiral Mike Rogers ordered the “About Query” activity to stop, reported the activity to the DOJ, and then went to the FISA court.

On October 26th, 2016, full FISC assembly, NSA Director Rogers personally informed the court of the 702(17) violations. Additionally, Rogers also stopped “About Query” permanently.

[Things to note: ♦Note the sequencing; ♦note that Rogers a career military person, followed the chain of command; ♦note the dates as they align with the Trump FISA application from the FBI and DOJ-NSD, (ie. early October 2016); ♦and note amid this sequence/time-line the head of DOJ-National Security Divsion, John P Carlin resigns.]

IMPORTANT – WATCH The first two and a half minutes of this video:

.

The DOJ National Security Division set Admiral Mike Rogers up to take the fall for their unlawful conduct. They preempted Rogers by filing a notification with the FISA Court on 26th September 2016 (look at the pdf). DOJ-NSD head John P Carlin was setting up Rogers as the scapegoat while knowing the NSA FISA compliance officer was still reviewing their conduct. Carlin wouldn’t notify the court unless he was trying to cover something. Carlin then announced his resignation. The NSA compliance officer did not brief Admiral Rogers until 20th Oct 2016. Admiral Rogers notified the FISC on 26th Oct 2016.

October 2016 is a very important month:

♦DOJ Deputy Attorney Bruce Ohr was “demoted” in the summer of 2017 after the Inspector General discovered unreported 2016 contacts between Ohr and Russian Dossier author Christopher Steele, as well as contact with Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson, in October 2016.

♦Also in October 2016 the DOJ lawyers formatted the FBI information (Steele Dossier etc.) for the Trump FISA application; the head of the NSD, Asst. Attorney General John P Carlin, left his job. It would have specifically been John Carlin’s responsibility to ensure a valid legal basis for the FISA application submitted to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC).

♦In October 2016 the NSA compliance officer completes a review and briefs Rogers of FISA(17) violations, email collection and phone surveillance. Rogers informs FISC – [FISA Court Ruling Link]

Now Look At This – October 2016: On Friday November 18th, 2016, The Washington Post reported on a recommendation in “October” that Mike Rogers be removed from his NSA position:

The heads of the Pentagon and the nation’s intelligence community have recommended to President Obama that the director of the National Security Agency, Adm. Michael S. Rogers, be removed. The recommendation, delivered to the White House last month, was made by Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper Jr., according to several U.S. officials familiar with the matter. […] In a move apparently unprecedented for a military officer, Rogers, without notifying superiors, traveled to New York to meet with Trump on Thursday at Trump Tower. That caused consternation at senior levels of the administration, according to the officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal personnel matters. (link)

Important reminder. Remember, in 2015 Sally Yates blocked any inspector general oversight of the DOJ National Security Division (SEE Pdf HERE). The OIG, Michael Horowitz, requested oversight and it was Sally Yates who responded with a lengthy 58-page legal explanation saying, essentially, ‘nope – not allowed.’ (PDF HERE) All of the DOJ is subject to oversight, except the NSD.

There’s a pretty clear picture here.

Obama’s political operatives within the DOJ-NSD were using FISA 702(17) surveillance “about inquiries” that would deliver email and phone communication for U.S. people (Trump campaign). The NSD unit was working in coordination with the FBI Counterintelligence Unit (Peter Strzok etc.). In an effort to stop the activity NSA Director Mike Rogers initiated a full 702 compliance review. However, before the review was complete the DOJ-NSD had enough information for their unlawful FISA warrant which worked retroactively to make the prior FBI surveillance (began in July ’16 per James Comey) lawful. Rogers stopped the process on October 26th 2016. As a result of his not going along, Rogers became a risk; Clapper demanded he be fired.

Ten days after the election, November 17th 2016, Admiral Rogers travels to Trump Tower without telling ODNI James Clapper. Rogers likely informs President-elect Trump of the prior activity by the FBI and DOJ, including the probability that all of Trump Tower’s email and phone communication was being collected.

♦ On November 17th, 2016, NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers went to see President-Elect Donald Trump in Trump Tower, New York. –SEE HERE– Director Rogers never told his boss DNI, James Clapper.

♦ On November 18th, 2016, the Trump Transition Team announced they were moving all transition activity to Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey. –SEE HERE– Where they interviewed and discussed the most sensitive positions to fill. Defense, State, CIA, ODNI.

The transition team was set up in Trump Tower. The very next day, November 18th 2016, Trump moves the entire transition team to Bedminister New Jersey?

Does this make more sense now?

It would appear Obama’s Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, is up to his eyeballs in this; though he denies participating. The FBI counterintelligence unit was monitoring Trump through FISA 702(17) upstream surveillance collected by a DOJ National Security Division that had no oversight.

The information the FBI collected, and the stuff Fusion GPS was creating via Christopher Steele, was used to create the Russian Narrative and also to manipulate the FISC into giving them a FISA warrant. ie. “The Insurance Policy”.

Ultimately, the people within all of these intercepts is what Devin Nunes discovered when he looked at the “unmasking requests” which were a result of those FISA 702(17) collections on Team Trump. That’s why Devin Nunes was so stunned at what he saw in February and March 2017.

This is why Chairman Devin Nunes is currently gathering evidence.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122556,"EGYPT – In his speech to the United Nations on Wednesday, Egypt’s President Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi said that the world has begun to understand the reality of the extremism that Egyptians revolted against last year.

“The world has started to grasp the reality and understand why Egyptians revolted against extremism that wanted to break the unity of the nation,” said El-Sisi.

At the beginning of his speech, El-Sisi saluted UN officials and also Egyptian expats who came from different cities to the UN headquarters to “say that a new Egypt is coming.”

El-Sisi said that since his election last June, he and other Egyptians have been working to build “a civil democratic state” by following the roadmap announced last year by different political forces soon after the ouster of Islamist president Mohamed Morsi.

He also stressed the need for an inclusive state that respects the law, the judiciary and human rights.

Egypt fighting terrorism

El-Sisi said Egypt faced real threats during last year’s politically polarised atmosphere from a group that uses terrorism in the name of religion – a reference to the Muslim Brotherhood, declared a terrorist organisation by Egyptian authorities in the months after Morsi’s ouster.

“We have warned against these groups,” said El-Sisi, adding that different countries should step up their efforts to counter terrorism.

El-Sisi said that this group in particular (the Muslim Brotherhood from which Morsi hails) has been spreading false teachings in Egypt since the 1920s while depending on violence and terrorism.

“I stress we should not allow such groups to offend Islam or all Muslims,” said El-Sisi, without mentioning the name of the group.

El-Sisi said that since being elected president he has been working with Egyptians to build a state that enforces the rule of law while respecting rights, duties and freedom of expression and belief.

Middle East peace

Concerning the region, El-Sisi said there must be “a decisive confrontation to the extremism” in Libya, Iraq and Syria.

He also stressed Egypt’s support for the will of Syrians, Libyans, Iraqis and Palestinians.

El-Sisi suggested two main points for regional peace. First, enforcing the principle of citizenship in all Middle East countries, in which all citizens reach a consensus with their country and understand their rights and duties.

Second, a decisive confrontation against all figures of extremism, such as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.

“We have already had talks with the current Libyan government about an initiative against terrorist groups and we are willing to have a wider conversation about it with different countries,” he said.

He also said the Palestinian issue is at the top of Egypt’s agenda to enforce peace and stop any more bloodshed.

Near the end of his speech, he said he was looking forward to Egypt gaining non-permanent membership of the UN Security Council in 2016.

[…] His trip to the US – his first as Egypt’s president – has already included meetings with US business figures, with whom he discussed tourism and trade projects in an effort to attract investment to Egypt.

El-Sisi, leading an Egyptian delegation of ministers and officials, is tackling a busy schedule in New York, where he is also expected to meet US President Barack Obama. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128808,"(Californistan) Back in June of 2010 a leader of a pro-Palestinian student group at University of Berkeley allegedly rammed a Jewish woman with a shopping cart as she staged a counter-protest to an anti-Israel “Apartheid Week” rally conducted by the Muslim Student Association and Students for Justice in Palestine. The counter-protest was dubbed “Israel Wants Peace Week.”

Now, U.S. District Court Judge Richard Seeborg has deemed that the Muslim students who harassed Jessica Felber and other Jewish students were simply engaging in protected political speech.

The Greeley Gazette reports:

On Thursday U.S. District Judge Richard Seeborg said the harassment, even if true, constituted protected political speech and dismissed the case against the university. Seeborg said the university did not have any obligation to intervene in any dispute where a private individual on campus was allegedly interfering with another’s constitutional rights. He instead appeared to indicate that the incident was an outcome of Felber’s counter protest. Felber and another Jewish student claimed the University did not do enough to prevent the harassment which included the Muslim group conducting checkpoints around the campus. Students were asked if they were Jewish while passing the checkpoints.

“The incident in which Felber was assaulted with a shopping cart, for example, did not occur in the context of her educational pursuit,” Seeborg stated. “Rather, that event occurred when she, as one person attempting to exercise free speech rights in a public forum, was allegedly attacked by another person who likewise was participating in a public protest in a public forum.” [..]

Jihad Watch founder Robert Spencer said the judge’s decision affirms that Muslims assaulting Jewish students is now protected speech.

“This is an outrageous decision. The Muslim students were trying to silence the freedom of speech of the Jewish students. The judge says this is a ruling in favor of free speech, but actually the freedom of speech was being infringed and the judge is saying that is ok to protect the freedom of speech of the Muslim students. Don’t the Jewish students have freedom of speech as well?” (full article)

Short answer Mr. Spencer is, no.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124246,"The timelines between actual events, public statements by officials, and the contrasted contradictions, are what has historically exposed deception in almost every case. The Benghazi coverup is no different. Essentially Hillary Clinton gave a public statement to the press reporting Sean Smith’s death – while Woods and Doherty were still fighting; And Hillary assigned impetus toward the U-Tube video at the same time.

WASHINGTON DC – On the night of Sept. 11, 2012 — before former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty were killed by a terrorist mortar strike — Secretary of State Hillary Clinton released a public statement linking the attack against the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, with an anti-Muslim video, which she referred to as “inflammatory material posted on the Internet.”

Clinton’s statement, still posted on State’s website, is dated Sept. 11, 2012, and headlined: “Statement on the Attack in Benghazi.” […]

However, the Associated Press first published a story quoting Clinton’s statement at 10:58 p.m. Eastern time on Sept. 11.

The AP released a story that night datelined Cairo, written by Maggie Michael and Sarah El Deeb, and carrying the headline, “American killed in Libya protest over film.” The story noted that Clinton had confirmed that “one State Department officer had been killed in the protest at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi.” It also quoted directly from Clinton’s statement: “Some have sought to justify this vicious behavior as a response to inflammatory material posted on the Internet.”

The Associated Press’ Media Relations office confirmed to me that the AP first published its version of this story quoting Clinton’s statement at 10:58 p.m. Eastern time on Sept. 11.

A CIA timeline of the Benghazi events provided by a senior U.S. intelligence official, the Senate Homeland Security Committee’s report on Benghazi and the State Department’s own Accountability Review Board Report all indicate that Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty were killed at the U.S. “Annex” in Benghazi sometime between about 5:14 a.m. and 5:26 a.m. Benghazi time on Sept. 12. That would be between 11:14 p.m. and 11:26 p.m. on Sept. 11 in Washington, D.C. — or at least 16 minutes after the AP reported Clinton’s statement. (read more)

What I take away from this sniglet of information is that the State Dept. was mistakenly attaching motivation from Cairo, Egypt on to Benghazi, Libya. We know that even earlier in the day on 9-11-12 the State Dept was questioned about Cairo and was assigning motive to the U-Tube video they only recently became aware of.

Hillary and the inept corruptocrats in the White House used State Dept information, which was seriously flawed, to attach the motive to Benghazi. Why? Because they freaked, and rushed – Remember this was a joint CIA/State Dept operation. [too many cooks in the kitchen when the health inspector shows up and wants to know about the soup – immediately]

Once that motive was established, the State Dept rushed to give it to the media. The White House, well the Oval Office specifically, never questioned enough and sold it, continued to sell it, and framed their entire narration around it, even when they knew it to be wrong.

See: Denis McDonough who became the deflective pitchman.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132955,"Zucchini, Carrots and Plantains unavailable for comment….

CAIRO: An Islamic cleric has decreed that women should not be close to bananas or cucumbers, in order to avoid any “sexual thoughts.”

The unnamed sheikh, who was featured in an article on el-Senousa news, was quoted saying that if women wish to eat these food items, a third party, preferably a male related to them such as their a father or husband, should cut the items into small pieces and serve.

He said that these fruits and vegetables “resemble the male penis” and hence could arouse women or “make them think of sex.”

He also added carrots and zucchini to the list of forbidden foods for women.

The sheikh was asked how to “control” women when they are out shopping for groceries and if holding these items at the market would be bad for them. The cleric answered saying this matter is between them and God. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222783,"Over a year ago it became obvious that Secretary of State John Kerry was going to force the world to recognize his value and magnificence. After all, he has a legacy to create and time’s-a-wastin’ if he’s going to get … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45600,"WASHINGTON POST – Last night’s not-guilty verdict in the George Zimmerman trial will enable the neighborhood-watch volunteer to resume his case against NBC News for the mis-editing of his widely distributed call to police. Back in December, Zimmerman sued NBC Universal Media for defamation over the botched editing, which depicted him as a hardened racial profiler. […]

NBC Universal Media responded to the Zimmerman complaint by noting that other media outlets played up the racial angle of Zimmerman’s deadly encounter with Trayvon Martin.

The company also noted the pivotal nature of the second-degree murder case: “[I]f Zimmerman is convicted, that fact alone will constitute substantial evidence that the destruction of his reputation is the result of his own criminal conduct, and not of the broadcasts at issue which, like countless other news reports disseminated by media entities throughout the country, reported on the underlying events.”

That formulation is now null.

According to Zimmerman attorney James Beasley, the case against NBC News was stayed pending the outcome of the criminal case. Now that’s out of the way, and Beasley is ready to proceed. “We’re going to start in earnest asap, we just have to get the stay lifted which is a ministerial act,” says Beasley, a Philadelphia lawyer, via e-mail.

When asked how the not-guilty verdict affects the civil case against NBC News, Beasley responded, “This verdict of not guilty is just that, and shows that at least this jury didn’t believe that George was a racist, profiling, or anything that the press accused George of being. That probably doesn’t get you that much but it’s simply time for us to start the case and hold accountable anyone who was irresponsible in their journalism.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123531,"Liberal news outlets are now aghast at the strength of the judicial response to delicate sensibilities of the rioting hoard in Baltimore. As anticipated the MSM is now framing a narrative that rioting thugs should not be punished, or held responsible.

Sidewalk Rx courtesy of a looted CVS

(Guardian) Baltimore’s under-fire criminal justice system risked antagonising its already seething local community on Wednesday by suspending legal procedures and imposing bail bonds of up to half a million dollars on the city’s most impoverished residents.

In one especially stark case, a 19-year-old charged with eight offences allegedly committed on Saturday, including riot, theft and disorderly conduct, was set a bail of $$500,000. Court records show the defendant, a black man, was sent to jail after failing to produce the funds.

Meanwhile, most of the 235 people arrested during riots and protests in the past week still have not been charged, after Maryland’s new Republican governor, Larry Hogan, effectively suspended the state’s habeas corpus law – which limits detention without charge to 24 hours – in a move he said was “necessary to protect the public safety”.

The tough treatment meted out to the more than 200 people arrested after unrest in the city was implemented by the governor as part of a state of emergency that also involved a 10pm to 5am curfew on Tuesday, enforced by 1,500 national guard troops. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224183,"This is one of those paradigm shift CTH predictions that many people scoffed at back in 2015/2016 when we discussed a Trump federal budget, and how Washington DC politicians would respond to a president who actually planned to cut spending. Back in February we warned:

[…] The UniParty is going to fight hard, very hard, to retain their spending. Don’t be surprised to see GOPe “conservatives” demanding President Trump spend more money. We have been repeating this warning since he announced his bid for the presidency in 2015. (link)

Today’s headline reads “Fears Grow That Trump Could Ignore Congress on Spending“. Traditional thinking, at first glance of the headline, would be the President might ignore budgetary levels and spend more than he should. However, in reality, the paradigm shift is the exact opposite. DC is worried that President Trump won’t spend enough money.

Let that sink in for a minute.

THAT’S a prime example of: A.) evidence of the DC UniParty; and, B.) how ridiculously dysfunctional and broken the federal budgetary and spending process has become. DC lawmakers are now consulting attorneys and planning to sue the President and force him to spend money.

WASHINGTON – Lawmakers and activists are preparing for the possibility that President Donald Trump’s administration, in its zeal to slash the federal budget, will take the rare step of deliberately not spending all the money Congress gives it — a move sure to trigger legal and political battles.

The concern is mainly focused on the State Department, where Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has drawn criticism for failing to spend $$80 million allocated by Congress to fight Russian and terrorist propaganda and for trying to freeze congressionally authorized fellowships for women and minorities. Activists and congressional officials fear such practices could take hold at other U.S. departments and agencies under Trump. “We’ve seen just too many instances these past few months … where there is clear congressional intent and funds provided, yet an unwillingness or inability to act,” Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said in a statement to POLITICO. Advocacy groups are consulting lawyers and gathering information on current spending and the laws that govern the budget; one nongovernmental-organization network is even surveying humanitarian organizations to gather more facts. Capitol Hill staffers are scouring the fine print of appropriations bills, hunting for loopholes that would allow the executive branch to slow down or stop spending. (read more)

It’s bizzarro world.

Good grief. Republicans control the House and Senate. Republicans don’t need a single Democrat to pass a budget. Not one. The House originates a budget with a simple majority, and the Senate passes it with reconciliation (51 votes). [That’s actually the primary and original intent of the “reconciliation” process in the senate.]

We haven’t had a federal budget in a decade. The last federal budget was signed into law by George W. Bush in September of 2007 for fiscal year 2008. The entire Obama presidency went two terms without a single budget ever passed by congress and signed into law.

Now, the same DC apparatus who intentionally avoided any spending restrictions during the Obama years is suing the first year Trump administration for not spending money.

♦ President Trump is proposing a 10% first year increase in defense spending. That equals approximately $$54 billion more for defense. If you look at the income from his projected GDP growth (4% = $$200 billion), you can see how easily that expenditure is covered.

♦ President Trump is proposing significant wholesale cuts to all other departments including Dept of State and EPA. The U.S. State Department has over 70,000 employees, that alone is ridiculous. Easily the DoS can eliminate 20% of staff, and find efficiencies well beyond those numbers.

Essentially, President Trump’s proposed budget outline (full pdf and explanation here) is a decrease of 10% per department. Easily attainable, especially when you consider these departments have been operating at around 3% rates of growth due to nine years of base-line budget growth without a federal budget in place.

You only need to look back to 2006 to see federal spending was under $$3 trillion. Fiscal year 2008 was the last year we had a federal budget in place. Every year since then has been continuing resolutions, omnibus spending, debt ceiling increases and base-line budget growth (spend 3% more) based on prior year expenditures.

President Trump is the first President in 30 years to actually propose a budget that reduces spending in whole numbers from the prior year.

President Trump is proposing a reduction in actual spending, not a reduction in the rate of growth of spending. Remember, 3% of the proposed cut is just not spending more than the prior year (that’s the base-line budget growth); consequently depending on the department the actual cut is much less than 10%.

The UniParty is going to fight hard, very hard, to retain their spending. Don’t be surprised to see GOPe “conservatives” demanding President Trump spend more money. We have been repeating this warning since he announced his bid for the presidency in 2015.

Part I – Why Congress is not providing President Trump legislation in 2017

Part II – What it means when congress is not providing Trump legislation

Part III – A possible solution to the larger problem – A Prediction.

Part IV – DC Lobbyists Admit they control the legislation.

Part V – Trump building a 21st Century “Main Street” Banking System

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224852,"(Weekly Standard) The latest Republican presidential primary poll of Texas from University of Texas/Texas Tribune: Santorum would get the votes of 45 percent of the respondents if the election were held today, according to the survey. The other three candidates … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224806,"WASHINGTON — New Hampshire’s largest newspaper on Sunday endorsed former House Speaker Newt Gingrich in the 2012 GOP presidential race, signaling that rival Mitt Romney isn’t the universal favorite and potentially resetting the contest before the state’s lead-off primary Jan. 10.

“We are in critical need of the innovative, forward-looking strategy and positive leadership that Gingrich has shown he is capable of providing,” The New Hampshire Union Leader said in its front-page editorial, which was as much a promotion of Gingrich as a discreet rebuke of Romney.

“We don’t back candidates based on popularity polls or big-shot backers. We look for conservatives of courage and conviction who are independent-minded, grounded in their core beliefs about this nation and its people, and best equipped for the job,” the editorial said.

Romney enjoys solid leads in New Hampshire polls and remains at the front of the pack nationally. A poll released last week showed him with 42 percent support among likely Republican primary voters in New Hampshire. Gingrich followed with 15 percent in the WMUR-University of New Hampshire Granite State poll.

Rep. Ron Paul of Texas posted 12 percent support and former Utah Gov. John Huntsman found 8 percent support in that survey.

Those numbers could shift based on the backing of The Union Leader, a newspaper with a conservative editorial stance that proudly works to influence elections, from school boards to the White House, in the politically savvy state.

The endorsement, signed by publisher Joseph W. McQuaid, suggested that the only state-wide newspaper in New Hampshire was ready to again assert itself as a player in the GOP primary.

“We don’t have to agree with them on every issue,” the newspaper wrote in an editorial that ran across the width of the front page. “We would rather back someone with whom we may sometimes disagree than one who tells us what he thinks we want to hear.”

While Romney enjoys solid support in national polls, the large pack of Republicans has shifted all year from candidate to candidate in search of an alternative to the former Massachusetts governor. That led to the rise, and fall, of potential challengers such as Huntsman, Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota and Texas Gov. Rick Perry.

Yet with six weeks until the primary, The Union Leader’s move could shuffle the race and further boost Gingrich. In recent weeks, he has seen a surge in some polls as Republicans focus more closely on deciding which candidate they consider best positioned to take on President Barack Obama.

But a Gingrich rival, former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman, said the endorsement points to how changeable the New Hampshire contest is.

“A month ago for Newt Gingrich to have been in the running to capture the Manchester Union Leader endorsement would have been unthinkable,” Huntsman told Chris Wallace on “Fox News Sunday.” “I think it reflects, more than anything else, the fluidity, the unpredictability of the race right now.”

As voters started focusing more on the race, Gingrich has turned in solid debate performances and found his stride on a national stage. He has rebuilt his campaign after a disastrous summer that saw many of his top aides resign en masse and fundraising summaries report million in debt.

In New Hampshire, he brought on respected tea party leader Andrew Hemingway to lead his efforts and his team has been contacting almost 1,000 voters each day.

Hemingway’s team of eight paid staffers in New Hampshire has been adding more than 100 volunteers each day, campaign officials said. Gingrich’s team has lined up leaders in the major cities and has started identifying representatives in each ward in the state.

Gingrich has opened offices in Manchester, New Hampshire’s biggest city, along with Dover in the eastern part of the state and in the North Country’s Littleton. He plans two more.

Gingrich hasn’t begun television advertising and has refused to go negative on his opponents.

Yet The Union Leader’s backing could give him a nudge in New Hampshire and provide a steady stream of criticism.

Four years earlier, the newspaper threw its support to Arizona Sen. John McCain’s bid and used front page opinion columns and editorials to boost him and criticize chief rival Romney. In the time since, Romney has worked to court Union Leader publisher Joe McQuaid, who often runs columns on the newspaper’s front page under his signature.

“The Union Leader’s style is we don’t just endorse once,” McQuaid told The Washington Post in 1999. “We endorse every damn day. We started endorsing Reagan in 1975 and never stopped.”

Romney and his wife, Ann, had dinner with the McQuaids at the Bedford Village Inn near Manchester, hoping to reset the relationship earlier this year. Yet it didn’t prove enough and McQuaid’s newspaper seemed not to appreciate the outreach.

“Newt Gingrich is by no means the perfect candidate,” McQuaid wrote. “But Republican primary voters too often make the mistake of preferring an unattainable ideal to the best candidate who is actually running.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45720,"Speaking to CBS Early Show the true elitist nature of Jon Huntsman comes out in this one sentence quote:

“They pick corn in Iowa, they actually pick Presidents here in New Hampshire.” (Video)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
61704,"Representative Jim Jordan (R-OH) frustratingly questions his good friend Attorney General Jeff Sessions about the standard for the DOJ to appoint a special counsel and/or investigate the brutally obvious legal issues/implications surrounding the “Steele Dossier”, the Clinton campaign and the weaponization of the intelligence community (FBI) to undermine political opposition (Trump).

.

As you can see above, Attorney General Jeff Sessions is reluctant to investigate based on appearances. The end result of Sessions’ position is to extend the investigative responsibility to congress. The end result of congress conducting investigations is the road to nowhere, See: Fast and Furious, Benghazi, IRS, VA Scandal etc….

Sessions is advocating for the familiar; for the swamp retainment system, or as I prefer to call it: Flak and Countermeasures.

Politically speaking, the deployment of countermeasures is a tactic used by professional politicians in Washington DC to counter incoming public inquiry and protect themselves from anger expressed by the electorate.

Weaponized government takes action and creates victims. Previously it was us (IRS etc.), in the latest examples it is Donald Trump. It doesn’t matter who is the victim, the strategy is the same – the strategy is simple. Countermeasures are politicians assigned a role to control the incoming righteous inquiry from voters who find out about the weaponized or corrupt governmental action.

1.) The electorate become aware of a political issue or action; often illegal.

2.) The electorate become angry.

3.) DC needs to protect itself.

4.) Countermeasures are assigned and deployed to delay, obfuscate and create the illusion of investigation of the illegal governmental action.

5.) Electorate watch.

6.) Investigation goes nowhere.

7.) Countermeasure deployment successful.

Repeat.

Recent examples:

The countermeasures are deployed to act as shiny distractions keeping the larger electorate satisfied something is being done. Countermeasures are designed to create investigations that go nowhere.

The goal is not resolution or justice; the goal is to deflect, create distraction and eventually dilute/diminish the outrage over time. Keep kicking the can until it rusts and simply falls apart.

Nothing to see here. Move along, move along now folks… stop looking at that old stuff… that’s past us… it’s new stuff now… etc.

The political system in Washington DC has become so massive it is now capable of protecting itself. Any attempt to reduce the influence, scope or size of the system is considered a risk. The system is, in essence, protecting itself. Deep State is self-aware.

Political countermeasures are now deployed as human articles of self-preservation.

Cue the audio visual demonstration – NOTE 07:43 (just hit play)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123765,"ALL UPDATES After original post BELOW – Need Viral Assistance.

For A Shortcut – The conclusion is HERE

The White House has refused repeated attempts by journalists to produce pictures of President Obama and his team in the White House Situation Room during the 9-11 Benghazi terrorist attacks [3:30pm to 11:00pm Eastern Time].

Personally, after researching the offical reports minute by minute, and comparing them to the media released statements, I believe the Situation Room was empty.

Today the White House released this picture taken on 9-11-12. It was included in a White House FLICKR Album “The Year In Pictures“. You Decide:

(Sept. 11, 2012) – ”Denis McDonough, Deputy National Security Advisor, left, updates the President and Vice President on the situation in the Middle East and North Africa. National Security Advisor Tom Donilon and Chief of Staff Jack Lew are at right.” (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)

A couple of notes: It’s twilight outside, so this is close to sunset on September 11th. The vehicles are noted through the window and you can tell it is twilight. Sunset Was 7:22pm, with end of civil twilight at 7:49pm on Sept 11th 2012. The metadata embedd shows the picture was taken at 7:26pm.

So this picture was taken four hours after the fire-fight started, and they are NOT in the “situation room”. We know the video & audio feed from the Benghazi faux-State Dept. Consulate was live; So, simultaneous to this photograph it was 1:26am Benghazi Time. That is the exact time (01:30am) the rescue team of Navy SEAL’s Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty arrived back in the CIA annex with the body of Sean Smith.

The first Reuters report did not hit the media until 00:30am on Sept. 12th, and was not reported on TV until approx 00:45 eastern (6:45am Benghazi) as a “breaking story”.

POTUS “Schedule Binder” is on the couch in front of Donilon, it is closed. Someone is visible in the reflection at the collar of McDonough. Someone else is visible (seated) in the reflection over the shoulder of Lew. Neither are the photographer.

Biden is holding scratch notes [of events?] including people. One of the first notes is “Rice to BD or BB” (?) (Click HERE For BIG VERSION) [4096 x 2731 pixel]

What is written on the paper in the hands of VP Biden?

Again – A Big Downloadable Version Is HERE – Does anyone have good imaging software to clean up the pixel distortion? [Here is another image black/white blown up from Reegs]

Reports ‘after the fact’ stated President Obama went to bed at 00:30am – while Ambassador Stevens was still missing. President Obama spoke in the Rose Garden at approximately 11am 9/12 before flying to Nevada for a campaign fundraiser.

Linked at iOTW -and- Free Republic – Thanks.

HatTip Recoverydotgod for an example of Biden’s handwriting (link):

Update 1. Here are some graphics to understand camera angle:

Update 2. Need Comparison Timeline from “official” WH/state dept. reports as to who was where, when. So we can compare them to “official” state dept./Pentagon timeline for actual attack happening on ground in Benghazi.

Also, what were offical schedules for players? on that date.

Update 3. Possible the notes in Biden’s hand have to do with phone call earlier to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu which occurred on same date. White House Link

Sept 11, 2012 President Obama spoke with Prime Minister Netanyahu for an hour tonight as a part of their ongoing consultations. The two leaders discussed the threat posed by Iran’s nuclear program, and our close cooperation on Iran and other security issues. (link)

and CNN Story Link.

Washington (CNN) — President Barack Obama talked with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a call Tuesday night about the threat posed by Iran’s nuclear program, according to a White House statement.

Obama placed the call to Netanyahu, a senior administration official told CNN. […] The Obama administration pushed back later Tuesday… (link)

However, non of this changes the aspect of inquiry. If the attack began at 3:30pm (DC time) 9:30pm (Benghazi) – Then what was happening at 7:30pm when this picture was taken? Obviously POTUS was not situationally aware. Was this the “first” notification of the crisis? Yet it is a FULL FOUR HOURS after the attack began?

Update 4. Here is a brief timeline: Compiled from HERE and HERE

Timeline of 9/11 Benghazi Consulate Attack According to CBS:

Ambassador Stevens sent cables to DC citing security incidents and “growing frustration with police and security forces who were too weak to keep the country secure.”

CBS elaborated on the video protest in Cairo, nearly 750 miles away.

9:00 p.m. – Ambassador Stevens goes to bed. There are five security agents on site, three based in Benghazi and two traveling with Stevens. The front gate is staffed by Libyan security guards.

9:40 pm – Gunfire is heard and dozens of armed people flow through the gate at the main entrance. The CIA security team in the annex and the Libyan 12th of February Brigade, which they claim is one of the most powerful militias serving as a presence in Benghazi. The embassy in Tripoli and State Department command are notified.

State Dept. Diplomatic Security follow the events in real time via audio.

All but one agent in the compound leaves to get gear in another building. The mob sets fire to the Libyan barracks on site. The agent with the Ambassador Stevens and Sean Smith, Scott Strickland, secures the men in an unvented windowless room.

The attackers get into the building where the Ambassador, Smith and Stickland are hiding. They set it on fire. Strickland leaves by a window but the two men are not behind him. He returns to look for them several times but can’t find them because of the heavy smoke. He goes to the roof and radios the other agents.

Three agents return to look for the men and find Smith’s body which they take with them.

Hillary Clinton is told of the incident shortly after it began at 4 pm DC time, 10 pm Benghazi time, and she in turn calls Libyan President Mohammed Magariaf to enlist his support.

10:05 pm: government and intelligence agencies re alerted including the White House Situation Room, the office of the Director of National Intelligence and the FBI. They are informed that ”US Diplomatic Mission in Benghazi Under Attack” — “approximately 20 armed people fired shots; explosions have been heard as well. Ambassador Stevens, who is currently in Benghazi, and four COM (Chief of Mission/embassy) personnel are in the compound safe haven.”

10:25 pm: A six-member CIA team arrives at the annex with 40 to 60 members of the Libyan brigade. They remove Smith’s body.

10:54 p.m. (4:54 p.m. ET): An alert from the State Dept. Operations Center: “the firing… in Benghazi has stopped. A response team is on site attempting to locate COM personnel.”

11 p.m. (5 p.m. ET): Just ahead of the weekly meeting with Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Chairman of Joint Chiefs Martin Dempsey, White House National Security Advisor Tom Donilon tells President Obama of the attack and the fire at the main villa. The president is updated several times throughout the evening.

At the compound, the 17th of February Brigade says they can’t hold the perimeter and withdraws.

DS agents make final search for Stevens and leave with the CIA team in an armored vehicle heading for the annex, taking fire along the waInside room of murdered U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens

Of note, when CBS News’ Elizabeth Palmer visited the compound in one of several trips to Libya, she found little evidence of an extensive firefight at the compound’s walls and main gate, likely indicating the fiercest fighting occurred away from the compound.

Midnight (6 p.m. ET) Agents arrive at the annex, which receives sporadic small-arms fire and RPG rounds over a roughly 90-minute period. The security team returns fire and the attackers disperse.

12:07 a.m. (6:07 p.m. ET): An alert from the State Dept. Operations Center states that the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli reports the Islamic military group “Ansar al-Sharia Claims Responsibilty for Benghazi Attack”… “on Facebook and Twitter and has called for an attack on Embassy Tripoli.”

Around 12:30 a.m. (6:30 p.m. ET): The Pentagon issues an order to a special operations team in Europe to move to Sigonella, Sicily – less than one hour’s flight away from Benghazi. Over the next three hours an additional special operations team based in the U.S. is ordered to deploy to Sigonella. Neither arrived in time.

1:00 a.m. (7 p.m. ET): The first of two unmanned U.S. Predator drones, which already had been flying over eastern Libya, is diverted to Benghazi, as reported by CBS News’ Sharyl Attkisson and David Martin on Oct. 15.

WH PHOTO TAKEN AT THIS TIME

1:30 a.m. (7:30 p.m. ET): A U.S. security team from Embassy Tripoli lands in Benghazi and learn that the ambassador is missing. They try to arrange for transportation into town, with the goal of locating Stevens.

4:07 a.m. (10:07 p.m. ET): Secretary Clinton issues a statement acknowledging the death of one State Dept. officer.

5:00 a.m. (11:00 p.m.): A second U.S. Predator drone arrives, per CBS News’ Attkisson and Martin.

5:15 a.m. (11:15 p.m. ET): The U.S. Regional Security Office in Tripoli gets a phone call from an Arabic-speaking source who says a Westerner has been found in Benghazi and is perhaps at a hospital. It’s believed to be Ambassador Stevens. Transfer to airport is arranged.

At around the same time, the additional security team finds transportation from the airport under the escort of the Libyan Shield, another local militia, but decides to head to the annex after learning that Stevens was almost certainly dead. Just after their arrival, the annex takes mortar fire, sustaining three direct hits. The precision of the attacks indicates a level of sophistication and coordination.

Former U.S. Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty are killed in the mortar assault, which lasts just 11 minutes before dissipating; a DS agent and annex security member are severely wounded.

After the mortar attack, about 30 Americans evacuate the annex and head to the airport, with the assistance of the Libyan security convoy.

Ambassador Stevens is confirmed dead later that morning, as Americans see his body at the airport

The plane is too small for all of the Americans, so the first flight out takes U.S. diplomats and civilians to Tripoli, leaving behind security staff and bodies.

8:00 a.m. (2 a.m. ET): The second flight leaves Benghazi for Tripoli with U.S. security members and bodies.

President Obama is told of Stevens’ death. State Department tells all diplomatic posts around the world to review their security posture and to take all necessary steps to enhance it

Update 5. More people concur, the notes in Biden’s hand pertain to the phone convo with Netanyahu – not benghazi. There is a time of 6:2(?) written in his notes. This could be a Benghazi convo immediately following that phone call. (*off subject* funny how the media never reported Biden was on the phone — propping up inept Obama?)

However, knowing with specific certainty that this picture was taken at 7:26pm, if you really think about the prior reported timelines from the media –including those above – this photograph appears to destroy many of those previous timeline narratives regarding who was doing what, and when. Specifically it would be interesting to know where was Panetta and Dempsey when this photo was taken?

Previously Reported @ (5 p.m. ET): Just ahead of the weekly meeting with Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Chairman of Joint Chiefs Martin Dempsey, White House National Security Advisor Tom Donilon tells President Obama of the attack and the fire at the main villa. The president is updated several times throughout the evening….

…”updated several times thoughout the evening“…. was this an update? Remember, again, this photo is FOUR hours after the attack began. Would POTUS take a previously scheduled call with Netanyahu at 6:30 ish (1:30am Israel) three hours into a known embassy attack ? Yeah, he was getting beat up by the Republicans about ignoring BiBi, but was that worry stronger than the situation in Benghazi? Lots of questions….

and where is Hillary?

Update #6 – Mystery Solved Maybe Congressional Investigators will get on board now. ==> CONCLUSION HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122855,"ST. LOUIS • A group of Ferguson protesters are vowing to disrupt MetroLink service during St. Louis Cardinals playoff games.

Eric Vickers, a state senate staffer who has led various acts of civil unrest in St. Louis, has sent a letter to Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig asking for the league to pressure St. Louis officials in the unarmed shooting death of Michael Brown.

left – Anthony Shahid, center – Eric Vickers, right – Zaki Baruti,

Ferguson professional agitators

“I wish I could communicate to you an upbeat message of fun and joy as many parts of the St. Louis community now rightfully feel with our beloved Red Birds headed back into the playoffs and undoubtedly the Series,” Vickers wrote. “However, all is not joy in Cardinal Nation, as you most certainly must be aware, because of the shooting of Michael Brown, and the deep seeded feeling of enough is enough in the black community it has unearthed.”

In an interview, Vickers said Major League Baseball has a role to play in the Ferguson situation.

“They are coming into the midst of this controversy,” Vickers said. “They need to influence the business community.”

Vickers said protesters plan to purchase MetroLink tickets and take up all of the available seating on trains running to and from Busch Stadium during any local playoff games.

“They have been completely silent on this,” Vickers said. “They are an economic enterprise. They are a business. They are going to make millions of dollars. The business community has to be responsible.”

Vickers works for State Sen. Jamilah Nasheed and was paid $$47,327 by the state in 2013. The two have experience in civil disobedience on the train tracks. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223084,"WASHINGTON, D.C., Sept. 12, 2013 – Today, teachers in Kenosha, Wis., voted to decertify their union, the Kenosha Education Association, by a margin of nearly two to one.

Only 37 percent of the teachers opted to retain the union in an election made possible by the labor reforms enacted under Gov. Scott Walker (R). The result goes to show that when workers have a choice on whether to join a union instead of being forced into one by law, they often choose to vote down the union.

Competitive Enterprise Institute labor policy analyst Matt Patterson said regarding the vote in Kenosha: “Gov. Walker’s bold and effective reforms have loosened the grip of unions on Wisconsin’s public purse, to the benefit of taxpayers and to the detriment of Big Labor bosses.

The news today proves what unions have long feared – that when workers are actually given a free and fair choice, they will often choose opt out of union membership altogether. “The public at large—and an increasing number of union members—have become wise to the fact labor unions stifle innovation and burden governments and businesses with unsustainable costs and regulations.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131842,"Skip beyond the Gingrich disparagements in this article, and instead focus on how Joe Biden and Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan are ideologically aligned. Then consider how Turkey has advanced a personal Islamic mission to destroy Israel. The New Normal – Obama Administration Considers Turkey an Ally. Seriously, now try to tell me again why any member of the Jewish faith would support this administration?

(The Hill) — Vice President Biden took a shot at Republican front-runner Newt Gingrich while meeting with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Sunday, signaling the extent to which the former Speaker of the House has muscled his way back into serious contention for the presidency.

Biden and Erdogan were scheduled to meet for about 45 minutes, but the leaders ended up meeting for two hours — despite the fact that Erdogan had recently undergone minor surgery and his doctors were advising him to cut the meeting short.

Biden credited their close relationship and substantive discussion with prolonging the meeting — and got in a swipe at Gingrich.

“I don’t want to sound like Newt Gingrich — I don’t want to sound like I’m inflating my importance or relationship with him,” Biden said, referring to Erdogan, according to The Wall Street Journal. “But we have listened to each other. And he was genuinely listening to my perspective and wasn’t challenging it.” (read more)

EXAMPLE #1 – Obama at G20 Summit: European Leaders Given Handshakes, Turkey’s Islamist PM Gets a Hug…

EXAMPLE #2 – (Daily Caller) — White House officials are applauding Turkey’s Islamist government, which is gradually removing the country’s secularist political rules, suppressing free-speech, promoting Shariah Islamic laws and supporting the Islamist Hamas terror group’s effort to eliminate Israel.

EXAMPLE #3 – Obama State Department Refuses To Tell Turkey The U.S. Would Side With Israel If Armed Conflict Breaks Out (CNS News) — As Turkey’s leaders intensify efforts to isolate Israel internationally, the cordial treatment they are receiving from the Obama administration this week will add to concerns some Americans have about the strength of its support for Israel.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222640,Democrats are “Willing To Work With GOP On Keeping Government Open” . . . But if GOP doesn’t give us exactly what we want….. The government will shutdown.,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132959,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Barack Obama’s national security team discussed the Ukraine crisis in a session at the White House on Saturday after a last-ditch bid to find a diplomatic solution to the Cold War-style standoff with Russia floundered.

Secretary of State John Kerry, who just returned from talks with his Russian counterpart in London, was at the White House meeting along with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel.

Obama did not attend the meeting but was being briefed about it and other developments involving Ukraine, said Laura Lucas Magnuson, a spokeswoman for the White House National Security Council. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223395,"Let it not be said that all hope is lost….

MEXICO CITY — This mayoral hopeful in Mexico promises to eat, sleep most of the day and donate his leftover litter to fill potholes.

Morris, a black-and-white kitten with orange eyes, is running for mayor of Xalapa in eastern Mexico with the campaign slogan “Tired of Voting for Rats? Vote for a Cat.” And he is attracting tens of thousands of politician-weary, two-legged supporters on social media.

“He sleeps almost all day and does nothing, and that fits the profile of a politician,” said 35-year-old office worker Sergio Camacho, who adopted the 10-month-old feline last year.

Put forth as candidate by Camacho and a group of friends after they became disillusioned with the empty promises of politicians, Morris’ candidacy has resonated across Mexico, where citizens frustrated with human candidates are nominating their pets and farm animals to run in July 7 elections being held in 14 states. (continue reading)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122510,Oh what a tangled web is weaved…. How is it possible for the DOJ to be investigating an agency they themselves have colluded with to target political opponents? (Via The Washington Post) Congress had little opportunity to debate the Internal Revenue … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33347,"The following letter was written by the sister of Father Luke Suarez of St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church in Newtown, CT:

My friends,

All of you, I am sure, have heard so much about the tragedy in Newtown, CT. Many of you have received emails from me about my younger brother, Father Luke Suarez, who is a priest at St. Rose of Lima parish, a Catholic church just down the road from Sandy Hook Elementary.

He, and his pastor, Monsignor Weiss, arrived at the school within moments of the shooting, and have been caring for the community ever since. The picture I have included was taken at the school.

Father Luke has an impossible task before him. His diocese is without a bishop right now…. Monsignor … is personally devastated by the losses. The parish is very large…. The rectory has received serious threats, and as my brother gave the homily Sunday at the noon mass, the church had to be evacuated by SWAT teams. After experiencing identity theft and online hacking incidents, he had to erase all of his internet accounts. After a weekend of endless media requests, notifications and vigils with heartbroken families, and little sleep, he now has two wakes and two funerals every day, until the fourth Sunday of Advent. Father Luke has not even been ordained two years.

My large family has been trying to send Father Luke our love and support from afar, and one of my brothers was able to visit with him briefly a couple times. All he asks for is prayer. I have been wracking my brain, trying to think of a way that our beautiful, loving community could tangibly reach out to Father Luke, Monsignor Weiss, and the St. Rose parish, to support them in this most awful of times. I have sent many prayer requests, and I am asking for more prayers again. But I also want to ask everyone to search their hearts, and if the Holy Spirit moves you, please consider sending one of your family’s Christmas cards to the rectory, with a few words of love and encouragement. Here is his address:

Father Luke Suarez 46 Church Hill Road Newtown, CT 06470

My brother has said over and over again that without the prayer support he is receiving, he could not keep going. And this week is only the beginning. Everyone there is still in shock. Their peaceful home has been desecrated by violence. They will need to live with this sorrow forever.

But in our weakness is His strength. Grace abounds. Can you help me carry him through this time of trial?

On a hopeful note, Father Luke did say that no media coverage has even touched the deep, beautiful awakening of faith that has occurred there. Their tiny church, where my children have received sacraments and where Luke was ordained, has been full of people in prayer without ceasing since this tragedy happened. Love is stronger than death.

Please feel free to share the address with your family, friends, and community. An outpouring of love will sustain these good priests through their impossible ministry–impossible on their own, but possible with God.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129458,"Here is the latest from TheBardofMurdock

As of today, from this point on,

Perhaps we can agree upon

An armistice that I desire

That will, from all of us, require

No fun be made at Joe’s expense

For any old or new offense.

For when a man has been brought low

By death or scandal or a blow

To his position or his rank

One should refrain from joke or prank

Or other humor of the sort

To which we bloggers oft resort.

For Biden now lives in disgrace,

Discredit and the loss of face

By being in the group of one

Whose death the terrorists would shun.

(In case the latest news you’ve missed:

Joe’s on the Jihad Don’t Watch List!)

Visit Bard Here: TheBardOfMurdock.com

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122751,"CNN Pundit Paul Callan points out the problems with Eric Holder rushing in his civil rights division to Ferguson, Missouri.

(CNN) — If the United States Department of Justice has any real interest in obtaining justice in the tragic shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown, Attorney General Eric Holder’s announcement of a new civil rights investigation in Ferguson, Missouri, (population 21,000) was a step in the wrong direction.

The department’s ham-handed effort to improve the political “optics” of active federal involvement may, ironically, create the reasonable doubt that will ultimately clear the shooter, Officer Darren Wilson.

The Department of Justice is likely to be impeding justice by proceeding prematurely with a federal investigation while local law enforcement authorities struggle with the facts of the complex and controversial case.

The DOJ investigations (there now appear to be two that have been officially announced) are highly prejudicial to the local prosecutor’s presentation of the case to the grand jury. The non-sequestered grand jurors who return home every night after scrutinizing evidence in the case are almost certain to hear of the existence of the new federal investigation.

After all, the investigation was personally announced by the attorney general himself after the President publicly commented on the case. The grand jurors might reasonably wonder why the federal government would open a civil rights investigation at the very same time they are hearing evidence about Ferguson’s most famous homicide.

Some might reasonably wonder: Is it possible that police Officer Darren Wilson was motivated by race hatred when he shot and killed Michael Brown? Why would the feds be investigating if that were not the case?

Although grand jurors are instructed to avoid press coverage of the matters they are investigating, such an instruction is obviously difficult to enforce with the tsunami of demonstrations, press coverage and presidential pronouncements rolling through St. Louis County.

The Department of Justice should not add to the potential of improperly influencing a sitting grand jury by stirring up additional pretrial publicity as Holder did last week.

Notwithstanding the street conviction of Officer Darren Wilson by the “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot” demonstrators and their allies in the press who appear to march in politically correct lockstep, a sworn grand jury is still evaluating evidence in the case. The federal government should not be playing to the press and the crowd while this sensitive homicide investigation proceeds.

There is plenty of time to commence a federal civil rights investigation and lawsuit when the facts of this case have been sorted out by the citizens who have pledged to evaluate the case in a fair and impartial manner.

By all accounts, the grand jury presentation is occurring as grand jury presentations normally do in matters of this kind. I see no evidence that there has been any delay or improprieties in the current local grand jury proceedings that would justify immediate federal intervention.

The folly of Holder dispatching FBI agents to re-interview witnesses, many already interviewed by local law enforcement authorities, is apparent to any experienced criminal lawyer. Multiple witness statements (and in this case TV appearances) create a wealth of material for criminal defense attorneys to add to their cross-examination arsenal.

Eyewitness testimony is often problematic in the best of cases. When even truthful witnesses make multiple statements about observations of a fast-moving event, there are often inconsistencies.

Experienced prosecutors attempt to keep a tight rein on the statements of their key witnesses to avoid inconsistencies being used by defense attorneys to create reasonable doubt. The DOJ has blundered even further by conducting its own independent autopsy.

In a case where forensic evidence relating to powder burns, angle of entry of the fatal bullets and other matters is of critical importance, the Department of Justice helps to build reasonable doubt by ensuring three separate autopsy reports will be available for defense attorneys to scrutinize for contradictions and the creation of reasonable doubt. Conflicting accounts of expert medical witnesses can be devastating to a prosecutor’s case.

It is also highly unusual that the Department of Justice would seek to devote its enormous resources to the investigation of a tiny 50-person police force in charge of a city with a population of less than 21,000.

There have been small-town investigations in the past, but they often occur in highly unusual situations, such as the lawsuit brought against Colorado City, Arizona, a municipality alleged to be virtually owned and operated by Warren Jeffs, the leader of the polygamist cult FDLS who is serving a life sentence for sexually abusing children in his congregation. Such investigations are virtually never done while an active, sensitive homicide case is under local grand jury investigation. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224907,"Incredible. Just incredible. Obama appoints an advocate for law breakers, to assist them in navigating around enforcement. Stunning. It’s one thing to avoid the presidential responsibility of the executive branch to enforce the laws of our nation, it’s another thing entirely to present Presidential Appointments to assist people in breaking the law…. And irony of ironies the position is within the Dept. of Homeland Security. Think about it…

(Washington Times) – The Obama administration on Tuesday announced a new “public advocate” charged with listening to immigrants’ concerns about its law enforcement policies — but Republicans said the position amounts to an official mouthpiece for illegal immigrants being deported.

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said the advocate will “serve as a point of contact for individuals, including those in immigration proceedings, NGOs and other community and advocacy groups, who have concerns, questions, recommendations or other issues they would like to raise.”

The agency — part of the Homeland Security Department — said Andrew Lorenz-Strait will be the first advocate.

But Rep. Lamar Smith, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, said that meant elevating the concerns of illegal immigrants.

“It’s outrageous that the Obama administration has appointed a taxpayer-funded activist for illegal and criminal immigrants who are detained or ordered deported. The administration all too often acts more like a lobbying firm for illegal immigrants than as an advocate for the American people,” Mr. Smith, Texas Republican, said. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45631,"Use this thread as an open thread just for Zimmerman Case stuff. A place to just dump, collect, or discuss general information about the Trayvon Martin VS George Zimmerman Case.

“The sensationalized, fact-deficient coverage of this case has achieved the

desired results. The networks got their ratings. The politicians got their

talking points. And if it means innocent people get caught in the middle of the

racial enmity they’ve fomented, obviously it’s considered acceptable collateral

damage. Congratulations, geniuses. Job well done.” Jim Treacher, The DC Trawler

REMINDER – Please WATCH THE TONE and CONTENT of Commentary. Please be respectful, courteous and considerate of other readers and contributors. Please avoid hatespeak, angry rhetoric, vulgarity, personal attacks and condescension. If you wish to engage in vitriolic, racist, or bitter angry rhetoric, there are alternative sites on the internet more than welcoming to such considerations. But not here. Thank You.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
61682,"A “Countermeasure” is a measure or action taken to counter or offset another one.

Politically speaking, the deployment of countermeasures is a tactic used by professional politicians in Washington DC to counter incoming public inquiry and protect themselves from anger expressed by the electorate.

Weaponized government takes action and creates victims. Beyond the strategy – the countermeasures are politicians assigned a role to control the incoming righteous inquiry from voters who find out about the weaponized or corrupt governmental action.

1.) The electorate become aware of a political issue or action; often illegal.

2.) The electorate become angry.

3.) DC needs to protect itself.

4.) Countermeasures are assigned and deployed to delay, obfuscate and create the illusion of investigation of the illegal governmental action.

5.) Electorate watch.

6.) Investigation goes nowhere.

7.) Countermeasure deployment successful.

Repeat.

Recent examples:

The countermeasures are deployed to act as shiny distractions keeping the larger electorate satisfied something is being done. Countermeasures are designed to create investigations that go nowhere.

The goal is not resolution or justice; the goal is to deflect, create distraction and eventually dilute/diminish the outrage over time. Keep kicking the can until it rusts and simply falls apart.

Nothing to see here. Move along, move along now folks.

The political system in Washington DC has become so massive it is now capable of protecting itself. Any attempt to reduce the influence, scope or size of the system is considered a risk. The system is, in essence, protecting itself. Deep State is self-aware.

Political countermeasures are now deployed as human articles of self-preservation.

Cue the audio visual demonstration – NOTE 07:43 (just hit play)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121416,"CTH will not be part of the insufferable media narrative that China and North Korea are detached and independent; that nonsense is just plain silly. Beijing’s old communist guard tells Kim Jong-un what he can and cannot do.

That said, Beijing flinched. Kim Jong-un takes finger off trigger. It appears Guam has nothing to worry about for the moment.

SEOUL (Reuters) – North Korea’s leader Kim Jong Un received a report from his army on its plans to strike the area around Guam and said he will watch the actions of the United States for a while longer before making a decision, the North’s official news agency said on Tuesday.

“The United States, which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us, should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash,” Kim was cited as saying in the report by KCNA.

The North’s leader ordered the army should always be fire-ready should he make a decision for action, the report said. (read more)

Here’s the transcript [Translated] as broadcast by Pyongyang KCBS Newscast:

Respected Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un inspected the Command of the Strategic Force of the Korean People’s Army on Aug. 14.

He waved back to enthusiastically cheering service members and posed for a picture with them.

He went round historical mementoes and data displayed at the Kimilsungism-Kimjongilism Study Hall.

Going round them, he looked back with deep emotion on the great leadership feats of the brilliant commanders of Mt. Paektu, recorded on every page of the history of the KPA Strategic Force displaying its might with the strength unprecedented in the world as a powerful strike service, symbolic of the dignity and power of Korea.

Then he listened to General Kim Rak Gyom’s decision on the Strategic Force’s plan for an enveloping fire at Guam at the command post.

He examined the plan for a long time and discussed it with the commanding officers in real earnest.

He praised the KPA Strategic Force for drawing up a close and careful plan as planned and intended by the Party and examined the firing preparations for power demonstration.

After listening to the commander of the Strategic Force that it is waiting for the order of the Party Central Committee after rounding off the preparations for the enveloping fire at Guam, he said with great satisfaction that the spirit of Hwasong artillerymen is very high and he was freshly determined, seeing by himself the combat preparedness and the sky-high spirit of the Hwasong artillerymen of the large combined unit.

He said that the U.S. imperialists caught the noose around their necks due to their reckless military confrontation racket, adding that he would watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees spending a hard time of every minute of their miserable lot.

He said that he wants to advise the U.S., which is driving the situation on the Korean peninsula into the touch-and-go situation, running helter-skelter, to take into full account gains and losses with clear head whether the prevailing situation is more unfavorable for any party.

In order to defuse the tensions and prevent the dangerous military conflict on the Korean peninsula, it is necessary for the U.S. to make a proper option first and show it through action, as it committed provocations after introducing huge nuclear strategic equipment into the vicinity of the peninsula, he said, adding that the U.S. should stop at once arrogant provocations against the DPRK and unilateral demands and not provoke it any longer.

He said that if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean peninsula and in its vicinity, testing the self-restraint of the DPRK, the latter will make an important decision as it already declared, warning the U.S. that it should think reasonably and judge properly not to suffer shame that it is hit by the DPRK again.

He said that if the planned fire of power demonstration is carried out as the U.S. is going more reckless, it will be the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks, underlining the need to be always ready for launching to go into action anytime once our Party decides.

Looking round a military training school and gymnasium, he called for firmly establishing Juche in education and steadily improving the quality of military training and thus preparing all the artillerymen of the large combined units to be fighters capable of waging campaign of brains, who perfectly mastered the modern military science and technology, the enemy’s changed war methods and Korean-style war methods against them.

He underscored the need to certainly establish the system of reeducating commanding officers and technicians of the Strategic Force in line with the modernization and upgrading of ballistic rockets.

Going round the supply service facilities of the large combined unit including the dining hall of sub-unit, he took warm care of the solders’ life as their real father would do.

He enjoyed a performance given by the art squad of the large combined unit at the solders hall.

He expressed satisfaction over the good performance given by members of the art squad through numbers vividly representing the operational mission and features of the Strategic Force and desire, thoughts and feelings of the Hwasong artillerymen, and gave precious teachings for performance.

The Strategic Force has a very important position and duty in carrying out the strategic plans of the Workers’ Party of Korea, he said, stressing the need for the Strategic Force to firmly establish the monolithic leadership system, command and management system of the Supreme Commander over the nuclear force and further complete the Juche-oriented rocket strike methods.

Giving teachings of great trust that he remains confident thanks to the KPA Strategic Force, reliable treasured sword guaranteeing the everlasting future of the country and nation, he expressed expectation and belief that all the officers and men of the Strategic Force would bring about a fresh turn in rounding off combat preparations, bearing in mind the important mission they have assumed before the Party, the country and the people.

The officers and men of the KPA Strategic Force, who received great trust from him, were firmly determined to score the final victory in the standoff with the U.S. by scorching with super strong strike the targets in south Korea, Japan, operational area in the Pacific and the U.S. mainland, flying the sacred red flags of the Party and flags of the supreme commander at every matchless launching pad once he gives an order.

Accompanying him were KPA Vice Marshal Hwang Pyong So, director of the KPA General Political Bureau, and Kim Jong Sik, vice department director of the C.C., the Workers’ Party of Korea. (link – and Additional SOURCING)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132597,"…and when the Jews return to Zion…

Jerusalem (AFP) – Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday urged European Jews to move to Israel after a Jewish man was killed in an attack outside Copenhagen’s main synagogue.

“Israel is your home. We are preparing and calling for the absorption of mass immigration from Europe,” Netanyahu said in a statement, repeating a similar call after attacks by jihadists in Paris last month when four Jews were among the dead.

Two police officers were also wounded in Sunday’s attack in Copenhagen, one of two fatal shootings in the normally peaceful Danish capital on the weekend.

In the first attack on Saturday, a 55-year-old man was killed at a panel discussion about Islam and free speech attended by a Swedish cartoonist behind controversial caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed.

“Extremist Islamic terrorism has struck Europe again… Jews have been murdered again on European soil only because they were Jews,” Netanyahu said in the statement.

The Israeli prime minister said his government was to adopt a $$45 million (39.5 million euro) plan “to encourage the absorption of immigrants from France, Belgium and Ukraine”.

“To the Jews of Europe and to the Jews of the world I say that Israel is waiting for you with open arms,” Netanyahu said. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224605,"(*update for clarity) I’m not saying below that Team Obama has orchastrated the entire construct of the Joseph Krony story line. What I am saying is that they are strategically taking political opportunity with it.

I hate it when I’m deeply involved in a complex drama movie and then “whammo” the entire ending just comes to mind. Nothing is more frustrating in movie enjoyment than the moment when your brain fires on all synapses and you recognize the inevitable outcome of the storyline you are watching. Frustrating because there’s still 30 minutes left in the film. Frustrating not only for me, but for my wife who thumps me on the shoulder each time and says “you ruined it for me again“, “why did you have to tell me”?

Sometimes it just becomes clear. This is one of those times.

The killing or capture of Joseph Kony is lefty/new media/Hollywood loving Obama’s Bin Laden sequel 2.0, set to roll out this summer to adoring fans and followers of the “Gutsy Caller” in Chief. Coming soon to a New York Times and small-screen near you. The previews are Brilliant. Just Brilliant.

The combination of social media, kids involvement, a young engaged impressionable group of adoring electorate showcasing the “Joseph Kony Surrender” effort, and the Hollywood case of the “Invisible Children“. Brilliant. Simply flipping brilliant.

What could be more captivating than an entire world of people engaged in following the hunt for Lords Resistance Army head Joseph Kony. A horrid man who has killed thousands of people, and abducted thousands of children to fight in his LRA army.

Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. Kony 2012, has been viewed 41 million times on YouTube, most of them on Thursday. An additional 445,000 people have “liked” it on Facebook. And on Twitter, celebrities such as Justin Beiber, Will Smith and J.K. Rowling have pushed the trend by sending out tweets. One tweet by P. Diddywas retweeted more than 57,000 times.

The video has gone viral, and even White House spokesman Jay Carney referenced it Thursday in his daily briefing. From the Christian Science Monitor:

This week’s biggest Africa news isn’t from Africa. It’s from a massive online and social media campaign launched by the American advocacy group Invisible Children to capture indicted war criminal and Ugandan rebel leader Joseph Kony.

As with their previous campaigns Displace Me and How it Ends, Invisible Children launched Stop Kony 2012 on Tuesday to mobilize the next generation of young Americans to help end the conflict in northern Uganda – except this time, they called on their mostly white, privileged, and educated youth followers to get involved through web-activism on their Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and YouTube accounts.

It all begins with a remarkable 30-minute video highlighting the instantaneous and hyper-connected world we live in. Founder Jason Russell narrates, stating “there are more people on Facebook than there were in the world 200 years ago” and that “humanity’s greatest desire is to belong and connect.” He may be right. In just two days, it has been viewed 32 million times and quickly grabbed the attention of personalities such as Oprah Winfrey, Van Jones, Sean Combs and Rihanna.

It is a powerful example of how social media, art and activism can merge to mobilize privileged people into action and how open-minded Americans want a safer, fairer, and more prosperous world. (more)

The absolute intentional synergyzation of the Obama “Responsibility To Protect” doctrine, with United Nations Security Council Resolutions, The International Criminal Court, Hollywood, a global villain and abuser of children, Social Media, and the politics of a left-wing optic driven narrative. Brilliant. Absolutely Brilliant.

I wondered on this blog several months ago what could possibly be the motivation of the President to send US military special forces (Marines and Surgical Strike Teams) to Uganda to aid in the hunt. At the time I worried that Libyan surface to air missiles might be in the hands of LRA via black market arms dealers. The potential for missiles to leave Africa bound to the USA via Mexico is a real and present danger given AQNA and al-shabbab. That was what my ordinary mind was concluding….

…… Because I was looking at it from a historical reference. I didn’t see this coming until today, and now it all falls neatly into place. Duh. This is scripted. Brilliantly scripted.

A global “where’s waldo” except with a real bad guy. A really, really bad guy; and a bigger than “We Are The World food famine cause” to drive hip young i-Pad/ i-Phoners to work their social magic. Look, over there,…. shiny fun things.. Hollywood could not have written a more perfect script, but funnily in a way, they did. Well, at least they adapted and directed the leftist Obama Team’s screenplay. With the help of the United Nations, The WCC, along with African and United States Military.

All that was needed was a dose of new media exposure, and an invisible pinch of global leftist humanity manipulation. A hip crew, some famous peeps, and Viola, the new cause celeb…. 😀

Well done Oprah, Hollywood, and Team Obama. Really, really brilliant.

The Obama administration sent 100 special operations troops in October to work with Ugandan forces to root out Kony and his band of fighters. Another group of U.S. forces is working with the Congo and other neighboring countries to catch Kony.

An African leader such as long-time strongman Joseph Kabila of the Congo is unlikely to allow foreign troops on his soil “now that they’ve trained flood lights on him” with this film, they’ve attracted a bunch of media and PR to the equation. Many people will think the decision was insufferably short-sighted, and fail. They are looking at this strategy from the old prism matching my first perspective.

They just cannot fathom the brilliance of the political optic. And this is all about “Politics” and re-election “Optics”. For the “global” President. If you listen closely you can almost hear the insider conversation.

Advisor – “things ain’t looking good in Syria boss. And with Iran and Israel, well, in Polling, and, well, you know you did kinda do that whole R2P thing with the United Nations around congress with Kaddafi n stuff”… Obama – “Hmmmm, yeah, you’re right”…. Mrs. Powers? Powers – “Well, let’s see, we did seed that whole Kony LRA thing last year in case we needed a distraction down the line. Advisor – “Oh Yeah, I wonder how those U-Tube kids are making out with that PR stuff”? Obama – ” Well, we did have a back-up plan, so we might as well use it. Go ahead and pull the trigger on Operation Kony Surrender”. “Find the 4 star brass for a strategic covo tomorrow, and see if we can get any of our Hollywood peeps to jump on twitter and stuff”? Advisor – “I’m all over it boss”…..

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223758,"It is remarkable how disingenuous, and hypocritical, partisan democrats (and media) become with the issue of manipulation and intents of CIA Chief John Brennan…

Everyone reading here is old enough to remember Democrat Chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Diane Feinstein, accusing Brennan of lying to her and congress; and worse yet, accusing Brennan of illegally hacking into, and spying on, her staff and congressional oversight personnel. –SEE HERE–

Now, however, all of a sudden, John Brennan is the bastion of intelligence integrity…. Ridiculous.

Thankfully, not everyone has forgotten. Representative Peter King again calls out CIA Head Brennan, and better still – says Brennan should be investigated.

“It seems like to me — there should be an investigation what the Russians did but also an investigation of John Brennan and the hit job he seems to be orchestrating against the president-elect.”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125379,"Priceless. The only problem for the New York Times is, Trump never said: “Man Up”.

A recent Times article, which was transparently structured to present candidate Trump with gender references, outlines Donald Trump’s opinion of the weak-kneed professional political class. His position is essentially the same as Senator Jeff Sessions, get over it.

The media is so dishonest !

(Via New York Times) Donald J. Trump has some advice for panicked Republicans in Washington who are melting down over his most incendiary statements: Man up.

“Politicians are so politically correct anymore, they can’t breathe,”Mr. Trump said in an interview Tuesday afternoon as fellow Republicans forcefully protested his ethnically charged criticism of a federal judge overseeing a lawsuit against the defunct Trump University.

“The people are tired of this political correctness when things are said that are totally fine,” he said during an interlude in a day of exceptional stress in the Trump campaign. “It is out of control. It is gridlock with their mouths.”

[…] In his view, it is clear that his way has worked and the establishment’s has failed. After all, he vanquished every senator, governor or former governor who challenged him for the party’s nomination.

“I disagree with a lot of things I’ve watched in politics over the years, that’s why I’m running,” Mr. Trump said over a meatball lunch he barely touched in the restaurant of Trump Tower. “And that may make me less popular with politicians. But I have to be honest. I didn’t get there by doing it the way a lot of these people do it.”

[…] “People want people to represent them who are going to stick up for what they believe in,” Mr. Trump said. “Politicians have been very weak and very ineffective over the last quite long period of time.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223777,"After a shameful political move against Israel at the U.N. yesterday, the scope of this hypocrisy is stunning:

(link)

The feedback people are sending to Secretary of State Kerry’s tweet are exactly what you would think it would be. Unreal, he would send this out.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129466,"The stimulus was a complete sham, not to mention a waste of money…… TeaParty -1, Progressives -0 (Powerline) — Economists Timothy Conley and Bill Dupor have studied the effects of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (the purported stimulus bill) with great rigor. Earlier this week, they reported their findings in a paper titled “The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act: Public Sector Jobs Saved, Private Sector Jobs Forestalled.” The paper is dense and rather lengthy, and requires considerable study. Here, however, is the bottom line:

Our benchmark results suggest that the ARRA created/saved approximately 450 thousand state and local government jobs and destroyed/forestalled roughly one million private sector jobs. State and local government jobs were saved because ARRA funds were largely used to offset state revenue shortfalls and Medicaid increases rather than boost private sector employment. The majority of destroyed/forestalled jobs were in growth industries including health, education, professional and business services.

So the American people borrowed and spent close to a trillion dollars to destroy a net of more than one-half million jobs. Does President Obama understand this? I very much doubt it. When he expressed puzzlement at the idea that the stimulus money may not have been well-spent, and said that “spending equals stimulus,” he betrayed a shocking level of economic ignorance.

Read the Ohio State University Economic Impact Study Here

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128496,"

(via Westernjournalism on a tip from IamDagny)

Most Americans don’t realize we have elected a president whom we know very little about.

Researchers have discovered that Obama’s autobiographical books are little more than PR stunts, as they have little to do with the actual events of his life. The fact is we know less about President Obama than perhaps any other president in American history and much of this is due to actual efforts to hide his record. This should concern all Americans.

A nation-wide network of researchers has sprung up to attempt to fill in the blanks, but at every opportunity Obama’s high-priced lawyers have built walls around various records or simply made them disappear. It is estimated that Obama’s legal team has now spent well over $$1.4 million dollars blocking access to documents every American should have access to. The question is why would he spend so much money to do this?

The president who campaigned for a more “open government” and “full disclosure” will not unseal his medical records, his school records, his birth records or his passport records. He will not release his Harvard records, his Columbia College records, or his Occidental College records—he will not even release his Columbia College thesis. All his legislative records from the Illinois State Senate are missing and he claims his scheduling records during those State Senate years are lost as well. In addition, no one can find his school records for the elite K-12 college prep school, Punahou School, he attended in Hawaii.

What is he hiding? Well, for starters, some of these records will shed light on his citizenship and birth.

For example, Obama’s application to Punahou School – now mysteriously missing – would likely contain a birth certificate. And, according to attorney Gary Kreep, “his Occidental College records are important as they may show he attended there as a foreign exchange student.” Indeed, Obama used his Indonesian name “Barry Soetoro” while attending Occidental. Kreep has filed lawsuits challenging Obama’s eligibility to be president and as part of his lawsuit he requested Obama’s records from Occidental. However, Obama’s lawyers quickly moved to stop Occidental from honoring this request.

Furthermore, now that at least three document authentication experts have declared the scanned “Certificate of Live Birth” Obama’s campaign team gave to a pro-Obama website to be an obvious phony; we know that he is hiding something here as well.

Over 49 separate law suits have been filed on the eligibility/birth certificate issue alone, with several of the suits making it all the way the United States Supreme Court, only to be denied a full hearing.

What’s more, there are questions about how he paid for his Harvard Law School education since, despite a claim by Michele Obama, no one has produced any evidence that he received student loans. The Obamas will not release any student loan details despite repeated requests from the Chicago Tribune. However, it appears that his Harvard education may have been paid for by a foreign source. Khalid Al-Mansour, an advisor to Saudi prince Al-Walid bin Talah, told Manhattan Borough president, Percy Sutton, that he was raising money for Obama’s Harvard tuition. Incidentally, Prince Tala is the largest donor to CAIR, a Muslim group declared by the U.S. Government in 2007 as an unindicted co-conspirator in a terrorist financing trial. At least three of CAIR’s leaders have been indicted for terrorist activities. Al-Mansour’s admission opens up speculation as to whether Muslim interests have assisted Obama’s career in the hope he would eventually be in a position someday to promote their interests.

More recently, it was discovered that Obama’s Selective Service card may have been doctored. Federal law requires all American males to register for the Selective Service (the draft) in case a major war broke out. Blogger Debbie Schlussel has discovered solid evidence that Obama’s Selective Service registration form was submitted not when he was younger as required, but rather in 2008 and then altered to look older. Indeed, the forgers forgot to alter the “Document Location Number” which shows that it is clearly a 2008 form. This is fraud and it’s a felony and Schlussel’s allegations are backed up by Stephen Coffman, a former high-ranking Federal agent. Moreover, the document shows a September 4th, 1980 date and the location of the transaction as Hawaii, but at that time Obama was thousands of miles away attending Occidental College in Los Angeles.

The real reason why Obama probably did not submit this form as a teenager is that he assumed his Kenyan or Indonesian citizenship exempted him from this requirement. But clearly, as he grew older and entered politics, he saw that any documents revealing a foreign birth – Selective Service registration, birth certificate, school applications, etc – would be problematic if he ran for the presidency. Thus, it is not a coincidence that every document which contains information about his birth or citizenship is either missing, sealed, or has been altered.

Indeed, everywhere one looks into Obama’s background, we find sealed records, scrubbed websites, altered documents, deception and unanswered questions. Can anyone imagine for a second if John McCain or George Bush had blocked access to his school, medical, and birth records? It would have been headlines in their case, but as with everything else concerning Obama, the media has given him a pass on this.

Of all these marvels, the latest mystery and probably most perplexing is that of Obama’s social security number. It appears that Obama has multiple identities in term of possessing numerous social security numbers. Orly Taitz, an attorney who has filed numerous suits against Obama regarding his eligibility to serve as president, appears to have been the first to discover this. In her suit, representing a number of military officers who are refusing to serve under an ineligible commander in chief, she hired private investigator Neil Sankey to conduct research on Obama’s prior addresses and Social Society numbers. Using Intelius, Lexis Nexis, Choice Point and other public records, Sankey found around 25 Social Security numbers connected with Obama’s name.

However, it may not be as many as 25, since Sankey also searched using closely related names such as: “Barak Obama,” “Batock Obama,” “Barok Obama,” and “Barrack Obama.” There may very well be some Kenyans living in America with the same last name and a similar first name. In any case, I will exclude these records for the purpose of this research and focus only on names spelled exactly like his name. Moreover, we can verify many of the Social Security numbers as valid since they’re connected to addresses at which we know Obama resided. Needless to say, there are also a slew of address and social security numbers connected to addresses in states that Obama has no known connection to.

In Obama’s home state, Illinois, Sankey tracked down 16 different addresses for a Barack Obama or a Barack H. Obama, of which all are addresses he was known to have lived at. Two Social Security numbers appear for these addresses, one beginning with 042 and one starting 364.

In California, where Obama attended Occidental College, there are six addresses listed for him, all within easy driving distance of the college. However, there are three Social Security numbers connected to these addresses, 537 and two others, each beginning with 999.

There are no addresses listed in New York where he attended Columbia University, but there is one listed for him in nearby Jackson, NJ, with a Social Security number beginning with 485.

In Massachusetts – where Obama attended Harvard Law School – we find three addresses, all using the 042 Social Security number. After Obama was elected to the United States Senate in 2005, he moved into an apartment at 300 Massachusetts Ave NW; the Social Security number attached to that address is the 042 one. Yet, three years later, Obama used a different Social Security number for an address listed as: 713 Hart Senate Office Building. This was the address of his United States Senate office. This Social Security number began with 282 and was verified by the government in 2008.

This mystery grows even stranger as other addresses and Social Security numbers for Barack Obama appear in a dozen other states not known to be connected to him. Again, I am excluding those records names not spelled exactly like his name.

Tennessee, one address with a Social Security number beginning with 427

Colorado, one address, with a Social Security number beginning with 456.

Utah, two addresses, with two Social Security numbers beginning with 901 and 799.

Missouri has one address and one Social Security number beginning with 999.

Florida has two addresses listed for his him, three if you count one listed as “Barry Obama.” One is connected to a Social Security number beginning with 762.

In Georgia there are three addresses listed for him, all with different Social Security numbers: 579, 420, and 423.

In Texas there are four different addresses listed for him, one is connected to Social Security number 675.

There are two addresses listed for Barack Obama in Oregon and one address listed for him in the states of Wisconsin, Michigan, South Carolina, and Pennsylvania.

All told, there are 49 addresses and 16 different Social Security numbers listed for a person whose name is spelled “Barack Obama.” In some cases, the middle initial “H” is listed. If you were to expand the search to include closely related names such as: “Barac,” “Barak,” and “Barrack” Obama, you would find more than a dozen additional addresses and Social Security numbers.

Finally, the one Social Security number Obama most frequently used, the one beginning with 042, is a number issued in Connecticut sometime during 1976-1977, yet there is no record of Obama ever living or working in Connecticut. Indeed, during this time period Obama would have been 15-16 years old and living in Hawaii at the time.

Nevertheless, all this mystery surrounding Obama appears to be a generational thing. Researchers have discovered nearly a dozen aliases, at least two different Social Security numbers, and upwards of over 99 separate addresses for Ann Dunham, his mother. We do know she worked for the ultra liberal Ford Foundation but we also know she may have earned some income from pornographic poses, as evidenced by photos recently discovered by some researchers—how embarrassing. The only thing researchers are able to find out about Obama’s mother is the fact she made porn. I’m sure that’s a first for presidential mothers.

But we also know that Obama’s mother and grandparents associated with Communist Party leaders such as Frank Marshall Davis, a man who, according to Obama’s book, Dreams from my Father, was his main mentor during much of his Hawaiian boyhood (although Obama tried to disguise his identity in his book). During the Cold War, Davis was named by congressional investigators as a key member of a secretive pro-Soviet networked that existed in Hawaii at that time.

The lack of documents regarding Obama also extends to his mother and to his grandparents. Indeed, researchers have been unable to find marriage licenses for his mother’s two marriages, assuming she was ever legally married. Ditto goes for the marriage license for Ann’s parents. They cannot find birth certificates for her, her parents, or for even for her grandparents. Even more so, despite Obama’s boast of his grandfather’s military service, there’s no record of that either. For reasons no one knows, much of Obama’s life, his mother’s life and his grandparent’s life has been erased from the records as if they never existed.

But why would someone obtain so many Social Security numbers? According to investigators, those who create additional Social Society numbers are typically engaged in criminal activities such as Social Security fraud, tax fraud, real estate fraud, campaign

contributions fraud, voter fraud and so on. While the private investigator who compiled this list says multiple social security numbers does not automatically prove there’s criminal activity involved, he states that “having said that, I have personally experienced many, many cases where such information has led to subsequent exposure of fraud, deception, money laundering and other crimes.“What is interesting to note is that Obama’s grandmother, Madelyn Dunham, was a volunteer at the Oahu Circuit Court probate department and had access to the Social Security numbers of deceased people.

It is clear that more research needs to be done on this issue. The Western Center for Journalism

( http://www.westernjournalism.com) is inviting readers to join the search for the truth. If you have any information about any of the addresses listed, they would love to hear from you. To find a complete list of all the addresses and Social Security numbers listed in the public record for Obama and family, please go to the Western Center for Journalism.

HERE IS DAGNY’s TAKE ON IT! (Interesting read too)

This is a Hawaii Birth Certificate – Posted by Ann Barnhardt

I can’t believe I’m actually going to say this, but I am starting to feel a teensy-weensy bit of respect for Donald Trump. Finally, someone in the mainstream is saying the things that need to be said about Obama’s fake nativity story. To clear up a lot of confusion, below is an image of EXACTLY the document that Obama needs to produce. This is the birth certificate of Susan Nordyke, one of a set of twins who were born at the Kapiolani Hospital in Honolulu on August 5, 1961. Obama CLAIMS to have been born on August 6th. Therefore, this certificate form is EXACTLY THE SAME as what would have been generated for Obama.

This form gives the name, age, address, race and description of the occupation of the father. It does NOT give the religion. It gives the name, age, address, race, occupation outside of the home and last date worked of the mother.

Interestingly, IT DOES NOT LIST THE RACE OF THE CHILD. Look for yourself. There is no field at the top for race of the baby.

So, given this, there are several things we can logically conclude:

1. The word “muslim” does not appear on Obama’s BC assuming he was in fact born in Honolulu in August of 1961, because these certificates make no mention of religion at all. So that can’t be the big secret.

2. Obama himself cannot be listed as either “caucasian” or “arab” because there is no field on the certificate for the race of the child. So that can’t be the big secret, either, assuming Obama even has a Hawaii BC.

3. I doubt that the father’s field would say either “Frank Marshall Davis” or “Unknown” because the baby was named “Barack Hussein Obama, Jr.”. If you’re going to go to the lengths of naming a baby “Jr.”, then there is no reason not to list “Sr.” as the daddy – even if that is a lie. If you name the kid “Jr.”, you’re in for a penny, in for a pound. Again, this assumes Barry actually has a Hawaii BC.

So where does this leave us?

A. There is no Hawaii birth certificate because he wasn’t born in Hawaii. Ann Dunham was present and enrolled at the University of Washington TWO WEEKS after Obama’s alleged birth date. He could have been born just across the border in Canada, and then Granny Dunham registered his birth with the state of Hawaii, thus automatically generating the newspaper announcement. This would have been done to fraudulently obtain citizenship for Barry.

B. He could have been born months earlier. Given that Ann picked up, flew across the Pacific, enrolled and began attending classes at UW all before August 20, 1961, it seems a bit much to think that she did all this at the age of 18 with a tiny newborn baby.

C. Obama could have indeed been born in Kenya, and Granny Dunham submitted a false certificate of home birth to get him US citizenship, again, thus automatically generating the newspaper birth announcement.

D. When Obama was adopted by Lolo Soetoro in Indonesia, his original BC was altered to reflect the new name “Barry Soetoro” with Lolo listed as the father. If this is the case, Obama MUST be a dual citizen of Indonesia, because Indonesia required citizenship of adopted children. Also, unless Obama legally had his named changed back to “Barack Obama”, his name today legally remains “Barry Soetoro”. This would nullify every document he has signed. If you don’t believe me, try signing this year’s tax return with the name “Peaches McAwesome” and see if you don’t get a visit from the IRS. Finally, and I think this is the monster issue, unless Barry formally rescinded his Indonesian citizenship upon reaching the age of majority, he is AT BEST a dual citizen of the US and Indonesia. If he presented himself as an Indonesian citizen after the age of 18 either to acquire college scholarships OR traveling under an Indonesian passport after the age of 18, then there is no way in God’s Green Earth that he can be the President of the United States. No person who has EVER, under any circumstance, claimed citizenship to any country other than the United States as an adult be eligible for the Presidency. That’s just common sense. The LEGAL standard per the Constitution is far, far more stringent than that. I realize that. I’m just talking about common sense. This is a no-brainer. Obama is a completely illegal usurper, a con artist, a liar, and he MUST be removed, not by impeachment, but by law enforcement. Impeachment only applies to legitimate sitting Presidents. Obama is neither legitimate, nor the President. He is a hostile invader and the enemy of this nation, its people and its Constitution. Barack and Michelle Obama SHOULD spend the rest of their lives being supported and secured by the tax dollars of the people of the United States of America . . . in lovely Florence, Colorado.

Two-time No. 1 New York Times bestselling author Jerome Corsi, a Ph.D. in political science from Harvard and a senior staff writer at WND, has written a new book that promises to be a game-changer on the issue of Barack Obama’s eligibility.

It’s called “Where’s the Birth Certificate? The Case that Barack Obama is Not Eligible to Be President.”

The result of more than two years of solid investigative research by Corsi and a team of WND reporters and editors, this book is destined to be a huge bestseller and change the dynamics of the debate over eligibility – IF, of course, the book is not spiked by the hostile establishment media. Advance orders for this book from retailers across the U.S. already suggest it will be Corsi’s third No. 1 New York Times bestseller – probably bigger than the previous two. Imagine how that will change the character of the debate on this critical constitutional issue.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
34440,If this stunning report is true it confirms many opinions in how AG Jeff Sessions is entirely incapable of carrying out the duty of a U.S. Attorney General. The report comes from Breitbart Media conveying information received from congressman Matt … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45532,"Plymouth colonists and Wamoanoag Indians celebrated a harvest feast in 1621, but it was not until 1863 that President Abraham Lincoln proclaimed a national Thanksgiving Day to be held in November each year.

Thanksgiving trivia questions. No prizes awarded because I know you guys are going to google it. Also, we cannot be taking money out of the bacon, coffee, and bar kitty for prizes. We have a budget. This is just for funsies!

Who was the governor who organized the first Thanksgiving feast with the colonists and Indians?

A. Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger

B. Sarah Palin

C. William Bradford

How long did the feast last?

A. Until the Pilgrim Democrat Party found out they did not have proper permits. There was also a problem with serving size, minority quotas, and excessive use of maple syrup.

B. Until the Indians took their turkeys and went home.

C. Three Days

What was the menu?

A. Bacon and Jack Daniels

B. Jack Daniels and bacon

C. Lobster, rabbit, fish, chicken, squashes, beans, chestnuts, hickory nuts, onions, leeks, dried fruits, maple syrup, honey, radishes, carrots, cabbages, eggs, and goat cheese are items thought to have been on the first Thanksgiving menu.

Fun fact about Thanksgiving

Sarah Josepha Hale, an American magazine editor, persuaded Abraham Lincoln to declare Thanksgiving a national holiday. She is also the author of the popular nursery rhyme “Mary Had a Little Lamb” Abraham Lincoln issued a ‘Thanksgiving Proclamation’ on third October 1863 and officially set aside the last Thursday of November as the national day for Thanksgiving. The annual Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade tradition began in the 1920’s. In 1939, President Roosevelt proclaimed that Thanksgiving would take place on November 23rd, not November 30th, as a way to spur economic growth and extend the Christmas shopping season. Congress to passed a law on December 26, 1941, ensuring that all Americans would celebrate a unified Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November every year.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122358,"Today in New York Hillary Clinton Collapsed. There are three videos below showing the episode. In the last video (#3) it is clear that a metal object falls from the right pant leg of Mrs. Clinton.

Video #1

Thankfully Mrs. Clinton had emergency services readily available.

Video #2

Here’s another perspective using a “Mirrored Image” video:

This does not appear to be a “fainting episode”, it’s more severe.

Video #3

Many people have speculated that Hillary Clinton’s wardrobe disguises some form of medical device.

If you watch the video, you can clearly see a “tubular shaped” metal object falling from pant leg of Hillary Clinton just before the collapse.

Bill Clinton’s former medical aide, who was with Bill 24/7 after his heart surgery, has been at the side of Hillary Clinton for several months (pictured below right with President Clinton who was recovering from heart surgery):

This same medical aide was again with Mrs. Clinton today and coordinating care:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129688,"If there was a way to draft Jim DeMint to run for President you could put me on that task. DeMint is one of the rare few trustworthy conservatives in DC. Or, if we can give him a majority in … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131852,"FINANCIAL DISTRICT — Twenty-one restaurant workers lost their jobs last week because of the Occupy Wall Street protests. Marc Epstein, owner of the Milk Street Cafe at 40 Wall St., said he had no choice but to let nearly a quarter of his staff go last Friday after he saw his sales drop by 30 percent in the six weeks since the protests started.

“What are [the protesters] trying to accomplish here?” Epstein asked Monday. “The end result is that I and all the wonderful people who work for me are collateral damage.”

Epstein said the biggest problem is the police barricades that have lined Wall Street since Sept. 17, making it difficult for people to see his restaurant and cross the street. Epstein has also had to contend with closed subway entrances, police checkpoints and frequent Occupy Wall Street marches, which he said have dampened the Financial District’s formerly thriving street life.

“Now, Wall Street is deserted,” Epstein said. “The only people who walk down Wall Street are people who have to walk down Wall Street. It’s transformed from a beautiful pedestrian mall to a police siege.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121527,Yesterday an interview with Robert Zimmerman aired on KTTV in Los Angeles. Some of you have already visited the site and watched the video. Here is the preview segment which also contains the perspectives of the interviewer Robin Sax: Here … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45837,"As we have continued to outline, it is important to understand the interests of the CoC. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is the Wall Street construct to look out for the best interests of stock valuations. The CoC then pays lobbyists to bribe Senators for support for Wall Street’s best interests.

Peel all the skin off the onion, get to the rotten political core, and this is ultimately the source and origin of the GOPe angst against Main Street via attacking Donald Trump.

(Via Reuters) Washington lobbying by companies and groups involved in global trade boomed in the past nine months, records show, as Congress debated a landmark trade pact proposed by President Barack Obama, the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP).

Lobbying expenditures by members of a pro-TPP coalition increased to $$135 million in the second quarter of 2015, up from $$126 million in the first quarter and $$118 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, according to Senate Office of Public Records reports reviewed by Reuters.

The spending surge occurred among members of the U.S. Business Coalition for TPP, a group that hopes a final TPP deal can be completed by the end of 2015.

Trade negotiators from the 12 TPP countries will gather in Hawaii next week for meetings aimed at wrapping up the deal.

“I’m confident that everybody is going to do everything they can, but the U.S. won’t take a bad deal,” said U.S. Chamber of Commerce senior vice-president for Asia Tami Overby, one of many private sector representatives heading to Maui for the talks.

The chamber, Washington’s largest corporate lobbying group, led the pack in spending in all three quarters. From April to June, it spent $$17.9 million, excluding subsidiaries, up 29 percent from the first quarter, the Senate records show.

Another big spender was Business Roundtable, an association of U.S. company chief executive officers. Spokeswoman Amanda DeBard said lobbying on fast-track was a “significant part” of the company’s overall expenditures during the second quarter.

U.S. labor groups, which fought fast-track and oppose the TPP because of worries about its impact on jobs, said they intended to redouble their efforts to fight the trade deal after the fast-track legislation was approved by Congress.

Labor union AFL-CIO increased its lobbying expenses by more than 43 percent between the first and second quarters to $$920,000, not including subsidiaries.

The overall lobbying expenditure rise coincided with a congressional battle over legislation to give Obama “fast-track” power to negotiate trade deals and speed them through Congress (read more)

We're launching a new ad w/ @AZChamber in support of @SenJohnMcCain. Proven leader. American Hero. https://t.co/oV7WDsE3ze — U.S. Chamber Action (@USChamberAction) July 22, 2015

Begin With The End In Mind – The only way to defeat the enemy is to know your enemy better than they know themselves. Teach your friends, family and co-workers what the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is all about.

Remember to teach them there is a difference between the local municipal chamber of commerce in your town – and the national U.S. Chamber of Commerce which is funded by Wall Street and the 50 largest companies registered in the U.S. These two entities, while holding a similar name, are Apples and Oranges.

The U.S. CoC represents Wall Street, not Main Street. The U.S. CoC advocates for policy which benefits Wall Street, not Main Street U.S.A.

Remember, this guy is counting on us:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133387,"Apparently all of the random non-corrupt smidgens were identical…. Identically opposite to progressives. What are the odds? Go figure..

WASHINGTON DC – A Republican House committee chairman said the Internal Revenue Service targeted tax-exempt conservative groups for audits, widening the scope of GOP ire over the agency’s oversight of political activities.

House Democrats pushed back, saying Republicans were seeking to use the IRS controversy to score political points with their conservative base in an election year.

The IRS has been under scrutiny since an inspector general’s report last May found that the agency had targeted conservative groups for lengthy and heavy-handed review of their applications to become tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c) 4 of the tax code. The controversy led to significant management shakeups at the IRS and generated a slew of congressional investigations, some of which are still going on.

On Tuesday, House Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp (R., Mich.) said his committee’s continuing investigation has found that the IRS also singled out established conservative tax-exempt groups for audits.

“We now know that the IRS targeted not only right-leaning applicants, but also right-leaning groups that were already operating as 501(c)(4)s,” Mr. Camp said in a statement. “At Washington, DC’s direction, dozens of groups operating as 501(c)(4)s were flagged for IRS surveillance, including monitoring of the groups’ activities, websites and any other publicly available information. Of these groups, 83% were right-leaning. And of the groups the IRS selected for audit, 100% were right-leaning.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122402,"ST. LOUIS • Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is set to speak briefly at the funeral for conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly on Saturday. Schlafly, 92, died Monday in her Ladue home.

Ed Martin, president of Schlafly’s organization, Eagle Forum, confirmed via text message that Trump will attend and speak. He couldn’t be reached for further comment. The St. Louis stop wasn’t on Trump’s campaign schedule as of Friday afternoon.

The funeral Mass is 2 p.m. Saturday at the Cathedral Basilica of St. Louis in the Central West End. (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225048,"SCOTUS did what many people figured they would do; with Chief Justice Roberts, yet again, joining the bench legislatures in a veiled effort to avoid the impression of a 5-4 ideological court.

SCOTUS – Today, by a vote of six to three, the Court agreed with the Obama administration that the subsidies are available for everyone who bought health insurance through an exchange, no matter whether that exchange was created by a state or the federal government.

Chief Justice John Roberts wrote the Court’s opinion, which Justices Anthony Kennedy, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor, and Elena Kagan all joined.

The Court acknowledged that, at first blush, the phrase “established by the State” does not appear to include the federal government. After all, the ACA specifically defines “State” as “each of the 50 States and the District of Columbia.” But other parts of the law, the Court explained, suggest that the “meaning of the phrase ‘established by the State’ is not so clear.”

For example, one provision that defines who is qualified to purchase insurance on an exchange refers to an individual who “resides in the State that established the Exchange” – which on the plaintiffs’ reading would mean that no one would be qualified to buy health insurance on exchanges established by the federal government.

And if the phrase “established by the State” is in fact not clear, the Court continued, then the next step is to look at the Affordable Care Act more broadly to determine what Congress meant by the phrase. And when you do that, the Court reasoned, it becomes apparent that Congress actually intended for the subsidies to be available to everyone who buys health insurance on an exchange, no matter who created it.

If the subsidies weren’t available in the states with federal exchanges, the Court explained, the insurance markets in those states simply wouldn’t work properly: without the subsidies, almost all of the people who purchased insurance on the exchanges would no longer be required to purchase insurance because it would be too expensive. This would create a “death spiral,” in which insurance premiums would go up and enrollment would go down.

It is “implausible,” the Court concluded, “that Congress meant the Act to operate in this manner.”

Justice Antonin Scalia dissented, in an opinion joined by Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito that began by describing the majority’s conclusion as “quite absurd.” The tone only gets even more strident from there, with Scalia lamenting that “words no longer have meaning if an Exchange that is not established by the State is ‘established by the State.’”

And he concludes by complaining that the majority’s opinion– as it did three years ago in upholding the individual mandate – “changes the usual rules of statutory interpretation for the sake of the Affordable Care Act.” Perhaps, he suggested, “We should start calling this law SCOTUScare.” (more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
48617,"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Ukraine earlier today and held a joint press conference with President Poroshenko.

In the face of 2017’s insufferable and manipulative media opposition, united to retain leftism, support globalism and embrace totalitarianism, T-Rex has a tough messaging job on behalf of the freedom/liberty voice, and he does it well.

[Transcript] PRESIDENT POROSHENKO: (Via interpreter) Dear Mr. Secretary of State, dear members of the delegations, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, I would like to welcome Mr. Rex Tillerson today here in Ukraine. Your arrival, dear Mr. Secretary of State, is a follow-up of those arrangements that we reached in Washington during my meeting with the President of the United States, the Vice President, and many top-rank officials of the new administrations, where we received a clear message in support of Ukraine – support of its sovereignty, territorial integrity, of our independence; support of our reforms. And we really appreciate that today the support is practically implemented as you’re coming to Ukraine.

I’m pleased to note that since our first contact at the highest level, we quickly come to the practical work in a clear-cut, coordinated, and pragmatic manner. And dear Mr. Secretary of State, I’m grateful to you for this support and for these very efficient negotiations that we had in Washington and that we have had today in Kyiv. I also appreciate the symbolic and timely visit today in Kyiv.

Immediately after negotiations in Hamburg and G20 summit, today we are kept very much updated in detail what happened. We coordinated our further steps, and we are confident that the first meeting of the presidents of the United States and Russia, where the situation in Donbas was also talked about, and what to do with the Russian behavior on non-observation of the Minsk agreements and non-implementation of the clear and understandable steps to de-occupy Ukraine and bringing peace back into the Ukrainian soil.

I am very much pleased, Mr. Secretary of State, that your team is getting bigger, and I would like to extend my gratitude for appointing Kurt as a special envoy for coordinating and for cooperation on the Ukrainian issue. Ukraine knows very well him, despite his first visit to Ukraine, and I really appreciate that immediately after appointment, virtually in a couple of hours, Kurt Volker joined the delegation. And we welcome him very much, and thank you for this decision that he will stay here with us together so that we would not delay the issue, but from the very first hours of his appointment became very well-coordinated and efficient cooperation.

Kurt, I rely on your rich experience coupled with your decisiveness will speed up the negotiation process and will coordinate our actions that will allow us to count on the full implementation of the Minsk agreements by the Russian Federation.

We view today’s visit as a powerful signal of support of Ukraine for our joint fight for democratic values, for freedom, for democracy. And we are confident that Russia must demonstrate its goodwill to the peaceful settlement in Donbas and will stop killings, will stop the war, will stop hybrid attacks not only in the east of our country, not only in the Crimea, but would improve the situation with cyber crime and propaganda and other trade and economic wars, which is a part of the Russian hybrid war. Because unfortunately, Mr. Secretary of State, I have to say that we have not experienced yet the changes in the Russian behavior.

I really appreciate to talking detail with the Secretary of State about the current situation in Donbas, about the situation with the limitation, unfortunately, of the efficient functioning of the special monitoring mission of the OSCE.

You may well know that recently the representative of the United States of America died in the occupied territory. He was murdered by the members of the pro-Russia warlords. I decided to award him with the high Ukrainian award to mark that important and noble mission fulfilled by the OSCE to ensure the true information for the whole world so that the world could have the actual information about the events and developments of Russia in the occupied territory.

If Moscow does not want to waste the chance, I am confident that it should join the logics observed by all the members of the Normandy format: first, the stable, reliable, and lasting ceasefire; second, the withdrawal of all occupational troops from the Ukrainian soil; third, stop intimidating international observers and to count on the OSCE that they will be frightened and will leave Ukraine, these dangerous precedents and we will not allow that to happen again; fourth, this is to ensure the reliable control of the uncontrolled border between Ukraine and Russia and the confrontation line to ensure the lasting ceasefire and peace; and fifth, from the security component is the release of all hostages illegally taken in the occupied territory as well as in Russian presence. And we are confident that the fulfillment of these – and I underscore these minimum requirements on security – would enable the peaceful process which wants the only thing – the political will of Moscow.

Time and again, I underscore Kyiv did not plan, did not start this war. Ukrainian troops are not present in the Russian territory. We did not plan the war. We did not start it. It was planned and started in Moscow. That’s why the keys to peaceful settlement are in Moscow.

We want to clearly state that we are determined to peaceful process, and most than anything else we strive for peace. We clearly observe all obligations undertaken under Minsk agreements, and we count on the support of our partners in the United States of America in the Normandy format, and we rely on the sober understanding of the situation in Russia. And this is one of the key and overriding components of our today meetings that we have agreed on the cooperation and algorithm of our intention to move forward along the route of the Minsk process.

I would like to state that today on the agenda we touched upon the item of Crimea. And I am pleased to say that our American partners and Mr. Secretary of State assured that Crimea is high on the agenda, and territorial integrity and stopping of the illegal annexation of the Crimea is a clear condition to lift sanctions from Russia.

We also talked in detail about the sanctions, and we were assured that until all conditions of the Minsk agreements are fulfilled and Ukrainian territory is liberated, there is no talking about lifting sanctions. Though I assured and my point of view fully coincides with Mr. Secretary of State’s position that there is hardly any person that would be more interested to lift sanctions that Ukrainian president, because sanctions are connected to peace and liberation of the Ukrainian territory, and I am striving this more than anything else.

I would like to touch upon separately support of reforms that the United States are given, and I was pleased to hear the support of reforms in energy sector after today’s meeting in the morning, after today’s talks, and the support of our bilateral relations. They are focused on economic sector and on the purchase of the American coal and the construction on nuclear waste plant processing as well as nuclear fuel for Ukrainian Energoatom company, and bringing investors in the oil and gas sector.

I would like to say thank you especially for cooperation in energy sector, especially in preventing the realization of political project of Northern Stream 2, and I appreciate the clear and efficient position in preventing the implementation of this highly politicized project.

We have agreed on enlarging the contacts between Ukrainian Government, Ukrainian authorities, and the U.S. administration, and we are looking forward to the visits in August of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy of the United States, as well as other top-rank officials of the American administration.

And I would like to say that as a result of our highly developing cooperation, it is confirmed by the fact that Ukraine is having not only powerful bipartisan support in the U.S. Congress, but mighty support in the White House, in the Department of State, and the American administration.

I really appreciate Rex for this powerful support, and I am glad to welcome you most warmly to Ukraine. And I hope that our today’s visit will facilitate the extension of our cooperation in many sectors, starting from the defense; security; cyber crime prevention, where we have reached important arrangements; economic; energy; and cultural, as well as many other sectors.

Thank you, dear Mr. Secretary of State, and I invite you to take the floor.

MODERATOR: A statement by the United States Secretary of State.

SECRETARY TILLERSON: Well, first, thank you, President Poroshenko, for this very warm welcome to myself and my delegation that’s traveling with me to Kyiv. This is an important stop for me at this time in particular, as you’ve acknowledged recently appointed Ambassador Kurt Volker as the special representative on Ukraine, and I appreciate the accommodation you have made that will allow him to spend the next couple of days here becoming much more deeply familiar with the perspective of yourself and other members of your government and the Ukrainian people regarding this very challenging issue. Ambassador Volker is a very capable, well-known diplomat, and I appreciate Ambassador Volker taking this role on for us as well.

I think it is important to be very clear on what our goals are, the United States’ goals are, with respect to the situation here. And first and foremost, it is to restore Ukraine’s territorial sovereignty and integrity. The United States has already contributed more than $$600 million since the beginning of this crisis.

We also think it’s very important that we seek the safety and the security of all Ukrainian citizens regardless of their ethnicity, their nationality, or their religion. This is a fundamental element to Ukraine’s sovereignty as well and the protection of all Ukrainian citizens.

I think as long as the parties commit themselves to these goals, I am confident that we can make progress. I’ve been very clear in my discussions with Russian leadership on more than one occasion that it is necessary for Russia to take the first steps to de-escalate the situation in the east part of Ukraine, in particular by respecting the ceasefire, by pulling back the heavy weapons, and allowing the OSCE observers to carry out their responsibilities. This is necessary for us to make any movement in particular.

We are disappointed by the lack of progress under the Minsk agreement, and that is why we are appointing a special representative to put additional emphasis. We will be coordinating carefully with the Normandy members as well along with yourself and with the Russian Federation Government to see if we cannot make progress and make progress in a more prompt fashion as well.

We do call on Russia to honor its commitments that were made under the Minsk accords and to exercise influence over the separatists in the region whom they do hold complete control over, and we call on them, again, to immediately call on their proxies to cease the violence that is ongoing in east Ukraine. Again, we call on them to allow the monitors full access to all areas to perform their mission not only along the line of contact but ultimately along the border itself.

The U.S. and EU sanctions on Russia will remain in place until Moscow reverses the actions that triggered these particular sanctions.

During our discussions today, we also had very useful exchanges on economic reforms. And I want to recognize tremendous progress that has been made by the Ukrainian Government in reforms over the past three years now, and it’s evident in the economic performance as well, which I find quite encouraging. I know that there is more to do, and I know that you are committed to continuing these reforms to strengthen Ukrainian security but also economic performance as well.

I know that Ukraine is committed to implementing the obligations to the IMF, including pension reform, land reform, privatization of state-owned enterprises, and improving corporate governance. And we spoke extensively about the steps necessary to make Ukraine a very attractive destination for foreign direct investment, and I know you’re committed to improving that situation.

We also discussed the importance of implementing the anti-corruption reforms, because that too is an important element of attracting foreign direct investment and more business activity, which will create more jobs for Ukrainian citizens and grow the economy.

This includes the important work Ukraine is doing to reform the justice sector. Ukraine’s commitment to selecting supreme court justices of the highest integrity and professionalism, and creating the anti-corruption court. These are essential first steps in reforming the judiciary, and has all too often not been progressed. And I know and you expressed your very sincere commitment to progressing the actual creation of the court and the appointment of judges with the highest integrity.

We know there are challenges to moving these reforms forward, but they are critical to the success of Ukraine for the future and really creating the circumstances for Ukraine to maintain as a viable economy standing on its own, an important partner to its European neighbors but an important country for the rest of the world as well.

I am quite encouraged by the situation that I see here in Ukraine, the progress that’s been made. And I know that with these reforms, once they are in place, Ukraine will be a very attractive place for business investment elsewhere.

I do want to note that this marks the 25th year of diplomatic relations between the United States of America and an independent and sovereign Ukraine. America is very proud of the ties that we have and the profound friendship that has developed. And Mr. President, let me say personally I’m very proud of the friendship we’ve developed through our multiple telephone contacts, our meeting in Washington, D.C. when President Trump hosted you at the White House, and this very warm welcome you’ve extended to me today.

We have a lot of difficult work ahead of us, but I know we’re committed to the same goals.

MODERATOR: Thank you. Now we have questions from both sides. First from Ukrainian side, (inaudible) channel (inaudible).

♦ QUESTION: (Via interpreter) Good afternoon, (inaudible). (Inaudible) channel. Meanwhile, the negotiating in Normandy format will resume, and what role the United States will play in resuming the world and peace in Donbas? And I will ask the question to the Secretary of State: What role do you believe the United States will play in resuming the peace in Ukraine?

PRESIDENT POROSHENKO: (Via interpreter) Thank you very much for this question. As I have said before, after the meeting and my telephone talks in Berlin and in Paris and the meeting in Hamburg, we have reached the agreement that most likely in July the Normandy format phone conversation will take place, and we do not exclude that after this telephone call we will be able to organize the summit.

It’s still undecided where it will take place, but we are hopeful for decisive and speedy, practical, concrete talk in the phone conversation as well as during the summit this very summer. Ukraine is not interested in delaying these negotiations, because every day Ukraine is paying very high price. As wounded and killed Ukrainian heroes, we are paying very high price by wounded and killed civilian population, and every day this is unacceptable for our country.

And we are very much hopeful that after the summit we will be able to ensure the implementation of the security component of the Minsk agreement. And during the press conference I said what we mean, and we are very much satisfied and count on the active role of our partners from the United States, and we are getting support of the Minsk process, and we are – coordinated our actions in the framework of the Minsk agreements. And we welcome the role of the United States in ensuring and support of Ukraine in restoring our sovereignty, territorial integrity, our independence.

I would like to stress that we rely on the agreements between Ukraine and the United States in the framework of the Budapest memorandum, and I am confident that we will be able to count on the support of our American partners.

SECRETARY TILLERSON: Well, I think President Trump has made it quite clear that making progress and ultimately solving the crisis here in Ukraine and restoring the sovereignty and the territorial integrity of Ukraine is required in order for the U.S. and Russia to improve its relationships between the two of our countries. This is an issue that’s of great importance to the American people. They take a great deal of interest in it. And the President has made this clear in our communications with our Russian counterparts.

This is indicative of the appointment of – again, of Ambassador Volker for a more direct engagement with the Normandy group. We are going to be exploring ways to change the status quo, because continuing to leave things the way they are is simply not acceptable. So we have to reinvigorate these talks to move them forward, and that is the purpose of our engagement and the purpose of Ambassador Volker’s appointment. So we’re hopeful that we can change this dynamic and begin to make progress.

MODERATOR: And a question to Associated Press.

♦ QUESTION: Hello and thank you. Mr. Secretary, a couple of things coming out of the meeting from Friday between President Trump, President Putin, Foreign Minister Lavrov, and yourself. There seems to be conflicting stories about whether or not President Trump agreed or accepted President Putin’s denial of any kind of meddling, cyber-meddling in the 2016 election. Can you clear that up? Did he accept President Putin’s explanation or not?

And then secondly, one of the main things that you guys achieved or came out of as an accomplishment from the meeting was a joint U.S.-Russia study on cyber – using cyber to affect elections and sabotage infrastructure. Do you think that this joint study should begin with a study of who was responsible for the three attacks over the past couple of years here in Ukraine? Do you believe Russia had a – played a role in those?

And President Poroshenko, I’d like to hear your thoughts on that as well. Thank you.

SECRETARY TILLERSON: With respect to the discussion that President Trump had with President Putin around the interference in the U.S. elections 2016, and I think as I indicated in statements I made the other evening, this was the first topic for discussion. President Trump raised it directly with President Putin.

I think, in all candidness, we did not expect an answer other than the one we received, and so I think that, you know, that was about the way we expected the conversation to go. I think the point was made that this is an issue that is – really has the American people quite concerned. And again, it too stands as an obstacle to our ability to improve the relationship between the United States and Russia, and it needs to be addressed in terms of how we assure the American people that interference in our elections will not occur by Russia or anyone else.

And so what was announced was, first, we’re going to have a dialogue around how do we gain such assurances. You know, the past – I don’t know that we will ever come to an agreement, obviously, with our Russian counterparts on that. I think the important thing is how do we assure this doesn’t happen again.

What we agreed on the cyber front is to explore a framework under which we might begin to have agreement of how to deal with these very complex issues of cyber threats, cyber security, cyber intrusions. And this is a challenge, obviously, for us globally, so Russia is not the only nation that we’re going to have to begin to develop some way of how we as an international community are going to deal with what has emerged as an ever more complex issue. And I think the election interference really shows how complicated the use of these types of tools are becoming. We have to find a way to begin to address that, and it’s not going to be only about Russia. It’s going to be about an international engagement as well.

MODERATOR: Okay. Thank you very much. The press conference is concluded. Thank you for your attention. [End Transcript]

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122800,"There’s definitely something new afoot with how the western liberal media are selling the Kerry goes to Egypt narrative.

It’s an odd dynamic to think about President Peace Prize Obama needing to put together a coalition of support for his poll tested non-war war on terror; to fight the Non-Islamic Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (NI-ISIS) terror group.

However, the bizarro world is the 2014 new normal.

We are witnessing what happens when the U.S. Sunni President, and 2009 Nobel Peace Prize winner, needs to put a non-combat fighting team together to give the appearance of military attacks for optical publication in globally liberal Western newspapers.

The #hashtag campaign didn’t work.

Turkey has already said they will not support fighting against NI-ISIS because, well, essentially they have been supporting NI-ISIS for the past two years with weapons, intelligence and logistical support. So why would they start attacking a group they helped create and are continuing to fund?

Following his visit to Turkey, where he must have reduced the request to: ‘just don’t go on record against us and we’ll keep up appearances for you‘, John Kerry enters Egypt.

Now, keep in mind Egypt already has it’s hands quite full.

In the Northern Egyptian peninsular Egypt’s president, Fatah el-Sisi, has been fighting ISIS (Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis) for well over a year. Unlike Obama who calls ISIS “non islamic“, el-Sisi has been willing to call Islamic Extremists, well, Islamic; and not only call them Islamic he’s been fighting them on four fronts.

First, secular President el-Sisi had to dispatch the ISIS’s cohort, The Muslim Brotherhood, which he has been fighting, expelling and disbanding for a year. Second he had to take on ISIS’s other cohort, HAMAS, on the Egyptian/Gaza border in order to stop the attacks, and destroy the Sinai border tunnels used to funnel Iranian rockets directed against Israel.

In addition to HAMAS el-Sisi also has to deal with the brother of ISIS, Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, who operate in the peninsular region with direct communication to ISIS leadership. Then, lastly, as if his hands are not full enough, he has to take on ISIS’s other pals in the Libyan Islamic Fighting Groups who have all assembled under the banner “Libyan Dawn”.

All of this while internally el-Sisi is pushing back against Qatar, who has sought to support The Muslim Brotherhood and provide them refuge. And he’s simultaneously cut loose the tentacles of the Qatari/Brotherhood alliance which are wrapped up around Al Jazeera media.

The Kingdom leadership of UAE and Saudi Arabia fully understand how vital Fatah el-Sisi is to the entire region. Egypt has always been the fulcrum for stability, or lack thereof, and is therefore of vital interest to all the regional players. Egypt is the cultural and intellectual center of the Islamic world. Egyptian President Fatah el-Sisi is currently carrying massive respect from Arab countries who don’t want to see a jihadist return to the dark ages for their nations.

Recently, you might also note, the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council yanked Qatar into the Arabic kitchen and put the big knife to their throat telling them to knock it off with the ISIS support, “or else”. The code of Omerta still exists within the group, but massive pressure is now upon Qatar to stop with the financing and support of Sunni Islamic terrorism. *NOTE* The Qatari’s love them some Sunni Obama – go figure.

As a direct consequence of el-Sisi’s hardline stance in opposition to Islamic Jihadism, President Obama and John Kerry do not like him – not one bit. However, the feeling is beyond mutual as el-Sisi has needed to deal with the consequences of Sunni Obama’s Feb 2009 Cairo speech which almost led to the collapse of modern Egypt. Egyptians not only distrust President Obama, they hate him – and anything that is attached to him.

Egypt is quite possibly the only nation with clear eyes on who the enemy is. el-Sisi knows ISIS, The Muslim Brotherhood, HAMAS, Libyan Dawn, Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, al-Qaeda etc. etc. etc. are all feathers of the same Islamic Jihadist bird. el-Sisi considers it open season on the foul Islamists, and has been killing them all in various conflicts.

Then along comes U.S. Secretary John Kerry asking for support of Sunni Obama’s NI-ISIS campaign. One could imagine el-Sisi looking at horse face and saying “seriously, welcome to the party pal“.

Except he won’t, because el-Sisi has clear eyes and can spot a bunch of nonsense when he sees it.

Fatah el-Sisi knows full well the Sunni Obama NI-ISIS strategy is all smoke and mirrors. el-Sisi knows Turkey’s Erdogan and Sunni Obama are brothers from a similar mother.

el-Sisi knows it’s all a bunch of politically poll driven White House bullshit. He knows this because he has been the one inside the walls clearing the zoo after Sunni Obama and idiot Clinton opened the big cat cages and walked away.

So when you look at these “western” reports about the visit John Kerry is having with Egyptian leadership, take it all with the liberally applied grain of salt it takes to type up the pages.

It’s all about optics, nothing more and nothing less. Sunni Obama doesn’t care about NI-ISIS, Sunni Obama cares about domestic fundamental transformation.

Sunni Obama is being dragged into appearing to do something “over there”.

So he’s selected a retired general, John “whoops my penis came out” Allen, that can be blackmailed controlled outside the command influence of the Pentagon.

Sunni Obama is forming a faux coalition and he isn’t going to do jack squat about NI-ISIS, other than seeing Assad removed (yes, another cage opened) so he can continue to create his Sunni legacy. A Sunni legacy fully supported by Turkey’s Erdogan.

What Obama/Erdogan Want – If Assad falls, the bulls eye turns to Jordan. If Jordan falls all forces will align against Israel within weeks – the big cat cages not only opened, but the beasts now rabid. Even the strength of Egypt will not be enough to stop the onslaught.

Sunni Obama is going to deliver the same consequential outcome to NI-ISIS as he has to stopping Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.

And liberal historians will never blame him for it….

Watch.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224359,"Too funny. Um, I don’t think the political opinion writers at ABC are “writing” that headline with the same perspective as voters “reading” it. [Story Here]

Republican candidate Greg Gianforte easily won his election bid for congress. The media are apoplectic about the brazen victory – without even considering the possibility that Gianforte is less angry with national media than the voters who elected him.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123197,"Prepare yourselves accordingly – Anyone who thought candidate Donald Trump was not intensely serious about America-First economics should have received a fish-slap of reality when they realized Donald Trump personally put reinstatement of Glass-Steagall into the Republican Platform:

“We support reinstating the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 which prohibits commercial banks from engaging in high-risk investment,” said the platform released by the Republican National Committee. (link)

CONTEXT – Beyond the larger context of Globalists VS Nationalists, the internal opposition to Common Sense economic conservatism (Americanism) can be broken down into two categories:

♦ The first group are those who are fundamentally naive about large and historic economic issues; and how the economy was changed, forced to change through the past forty years, by financial interests who created a second, “false“, paper economy.

This first group is generally young, pseudo-intellectual, and their only reference is while formally educated within the last thirty years (they’re under 50). Most of the oppositional (conservative) punditry falls into this category. [Important to note, this group is also joined by the majority of politicians who are approximately the same age.]

♦ The second group are those who truly know better. They are older and wiser, they know the truth because they saw it unfold. However, they are also financially dependent on retention of a global narrative that sold the change in the past 40 years. These are the willfully blind who have sold-out to the benefit of, and enrichment from, the false economy.

This second group is intent on retaining a historic set of false assumptions by fraud and deception. Mark Levin, Rush Limbaugh, Chris Matthews and Hugh Hewitt fit into this second grouping. Their framework echo-chambered and passed down to the younger group #1.

Exhibit “A” would be: conservatives standing at CPAC to applaud Speaker Paul Ryan who passed a $$2+ trillion Omnibus spending bill to ensure 8 straight years without a budget.

See the disconnect?

The world-view of the first group (younger voices, CPAC seal-clappers) is fundamentally seeded on social issues. They are in no position to speak accurately about economic matters because they don’t have a reference point underpinning their expressed outlook.

Their Gen-X and Millennial economic arguments are esoteric opinions. They never experienced the era of industrial giants; they have no frame of reference.

♦ In most of the modern post-war industrial era (1950-1980) banking was a boring job and only slide rule bean-counters and actuarial accountants moved into that sector of the workforce. Most people don’t like math – these were not exciting jobs. Inside the most boring division of a boring banking industry were the bond departments within the larger bank and finance companies.

The excitement was in the actual economy of Main Street business. The giants of industry created businesses, built things, manufactured products, created innovation and originated internal domestic wealth in a fast-paced real economy. Natural peaks and economic valleys, as the GDP expanded and contracted, based on internal economic factors of labor, energy, monetary policy and regulation.

Main Street generated the pool of political candidates – because the legislative conduct of politicians had more impact on Main Street. Simply, the business agents had a vested interest in political determinations. Political candidates courted industrialists, business owners, and capitalist giants to support them. As a consequence Main Street USA was in control of DC outcomes.

Despite the liberal talking points to the contrary, this relationship was a natural synergy of business interests and political influence. It just made sense that way, and the grown-ups were generally in charge of it.

♦ Commercial banks courted businesses because bankers needed deposits. Without deposits banks could not generate loans; without loans banks could not generate profits…. and so it was. By rule only 10 percent of a commercial bank’s income could stem from securities.

One exception to this 10% rule was that commercial banks could underwrite government-issued bonds. Investment banks (the bond division) were entirely separate entities. The Glass-Steagall banking laws of 1932 kept it that way.

However, mid 1970’s bank regulators began issuing Glass–Steagall interpretations -that were upheld by courts- and permitted banks and their affiliates to engage in an increasing variety and amount of securities activities. After years of continual erosion of the Glass-Steagall firewall, eventually it disappeared.

This became the origin of the slow-motion explosion of investment banking. If you look back historically from today toward 1980 (ish) what you will find is this is also the ultimate fork where economic globalism began overtaking economic nationalism.

Banks could now make money, much more money, from investment divisions issuing paper financial transactions, not necessarily dependent on actual physical assets. The transactions grew exponentially.

The bond market portion ultimately led to the ’07/’08 housing collapse, and derivative trading (collateralized debt obligations or CDO’s) generated trillions of paper dollars. Long before the ’08 collapse, business schools in 1980 began calling this the second economy (a false economy, or the invisible economy).

The second economy, which ultimately became the global economy, is also the Wall Street investment economy. Two divergent economies: Wall Street (paper), and Main Street (real).

There is no real property, real capital, real tangible assets in the Wall Street economy. The false economy is based on trades and financial transactions, essentially opinions. Paper shifts, and buys and sells based on predictions and bets (derivatives).

Insurance products create an even larger subdivision within the false economy as hedgers wagered on negative outcomes. The money wagered is exponential – some say more than a quadrillion currently floats.

♦ Now you realize, in hindsight, there had to be a point where the value of the second economy (Wall Street) surpassed the value of the first economy (Main Street). Investments, and the bets therein, needed to expand outside of the USA. hence, globalist investing.

However, a second more consequential aspect happened simultaneously.

The politicians became more valuable to the Wall Street team than the Main Street team; and Wall Street had deeper pockets because their economy was now larger.

As a consequence Wall Street started funding political candidates and asking for legislation that benefited their interests.

When Main Street was purchasing the legislative influence the outcomes were beneficial to Main Street, and by direct attachment those outcomes also benefited the average American inside the real economy.

When Wall Street began purchasing the legislative influence, the outcomes therein became beneficial to Wall Street. Those benefits are detached from improving the livelihoods of main street Americans because the benefits are “global” needs. Global financial interests, investment interests, are now the primary filter through which the DC legislative outcomes are considered.

There is a natural disconnect.

♦ When Speaker Paul Ryan said: “Donald Trump and I come from two different wings of the party”, he is specifically pointing out this disconnect, yet few draw attention to it.

Trump represents the Main Street wing, Ryan represents the Wall Street wing.

Going back to the opening paragraphs. The news and opinion punditry never take the time to explain the root cause of the disassociation, because: A) Group one doesn’t understand it; and B) Group two is compensated to remain willfully blind, and to ignore it.

Yes, there was a fundamental ideological conflict within this 2016 election:

Wall Street/Globalists (Clinton’s, Ryan’s, Reids and McConnell’s)

-vs-

Main Street/Nationalists (Trump’s and Sessions’)

The Titan of Main Street Won !!

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123804,ABC is reporting on this –SEE HERE– but notice they would not be reporting on it if Citizens United Group wasn’t providing the documents and forcing them to cover it. (Link to ABC Report and Documents),theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122006,"As previously discussed and anticipated. However, in the article the influence of Denis McDonough is avoided….

WASHINGTON DC – President Obama’s top adviser Valerie Jarrett was behind a plan to force a showdown with Republicans over ObamaCare as part of a strategy to regain Democratic control of the House next year, claims author Ed Klein.

Klein — who wrote a provocative biography about Obama last year entitled “The Amateur” — said White House insiders refer to Jarrett as “The Night Stalker” because she is the only presidential aide who frequently spends time in the family quarters and dines with the Obamas.

Klein, who is conducting a research for a new Obama tome scheduled for next spring, called Jarrett the “architect” of Obama’s take-no- prisoners approach when it comes to his signature domestic policy initiative.

It was Jarrett who advised Obama that voters would mostly blame Republicans if the federal government ground to a halt, providing a golden opportunity to swing back control of the House to Democrats in the 2014 mid-term elections, according to Klein.

A Democratic House would give Obama an opportunity to pass immigration and other legislation blocked by the current Republican majority.

“It was during one of those nightly sessions that Jarrett devised the no-negotiating strategy that Obama has employed in his fight with the GOP over the government shutdown,” Klein said, citing sources within the administration. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
62220,First Lady Melania Trump visited the Mutianyu section of the Great Wall in China as the sun was starting to settle low on the horizon. It was windy and slightly cold as our First Lady signed a guest registry and … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45130,"One of the more frustrating aspects to the Waco “Twin Peaks” biker shooting story is the lack of photographic references to aid in a full understanding of the proximity of all the characters, suspects and witnesses involved. However, after reviewing hundreds of … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45346,"Today Mitch McConnell, K Street lobbyists, and the NRSC are all backslaps and smiles…congratulating one another on their ability to get out the black vote in Mississippi. Why? Because they couldn’t have maintained their hold on the Republican Party without … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33252,"At approximately 3:15pm EDT President Trump is scheduled to deliver a healthcare speech in an effort to confront congressional intransigence. Many people believe this will be the final olive branch extended by POTUS to avoid the ‘Big Ugly’. The speech will be covered live on most major TV networks and several livestream options are available.

WH Livestream Link – RSBN Livestream – Alternate Livestream #1 – Alternate Livestream #2

UPDATE Video Added:

Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 24, 2017",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225183,"Donald Trump does not provide any quarter to fools or usurpers. When Trump says “America First”, he actually means “America First”.

As such, while Trump campaigned in New Mexico last night he took direct aim at another GOPe official, Susana Martinez:

…”she’s gotta do a better job”.

Donald Trump just cracks me up; because I swear at times it’s as if he’s sitting right here amid all of us and merrily commenting along: “Unemployment doubled”; “food stamp use tripled”; “Syrian refugees coming in”… “maybe I should just run for Governor”… …”she’s gotta do a better job”.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
130111,"– President Obama, in a forthcoming interview on ABC News.

“It’s interesting…. Deep down underneath all the work I do, I think there’s a laziness in me. It’s probably from growing up in Hawaii, and it’s sunny outside. Sitting on the beach.”",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223199,"The media is so full of obfuscation with this story it’s quite funny. If you were to read any of a number of articles (EXAMPLE HERE) about Ahmed Mohamed and his “clock” he brought to school, you’d never quite get … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131402,"Except for the whole… border fence being basically complete thing.

So logically

The stimulus packages…. have ‘basically’.. fixed the economy.

Or

Your economic plan… has ‘basically’…. created jobs.

Or

Your budget proposal…. could ‘basically’…. reduce deficits.

Or

Obamacare might….. “basically”….. be constitutional.

Or

Obama..basically.. ninja punched Osama in the throat with one eye closed.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222822,"More staggering similarities between the Mike Brown and Trayvon Martin can be found in their street memorials. In addition to the Blunts, Cigars and Liquor you find the ingredients for the intoxicants “Sizzurp” and “Lean” (fruit juice and cough syrup).

Here’s the Trayvon version:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33491,"(With thanks to MRM, who both inspired and contributed to this post)

Hell if I know. When someone I know reveals themselves to be a liberal I mostly just hand them a tissue to wipe the foam off their mouth. Often I spike this tissue with chloroform. Don’t thank me, I do it for the greater good.

But in the event that you find yourself in that most awkward of situations (for those not following along, that would be discussing politics with a liberal), what do you do?

This especially sucks if this person is:

Your Client

Your Boss

Your Kid’s Teacher

Your Kid’s Friend’s Parent

Your Mom (and here I am referring specifically to YOUR mom…my mom would never be a liberal. I am offended you would even think that)

Or, really, any liberal you can’t stand listening to anymore, but to whom, because of the circumstances, you are forced to be civil (and here I am NOT referring to your Mom, because even if your Mom is in fact a liberal, of course you are not being forced to be civil to her. She’s your Mom. Geez.)

So when going full on Honey Badger is not an option, what do you do?

No, seriously, I’m asking. Treeper MRM and I have been talking about this because she runs into this a lot (I think we all do)…you are talking to someone you can’t afford to/don’t want to alienate and all the sudden they start spouting off any or all of the following:

Sarah Palin is stupid.

George Bush is stupid and evil.

Barack Obama is doing the best he can with the mess he inherited from the evil and stupid George Bush.

Healthcare should be free for everyone.

Rich people should pay more taxes.

Fox News is biased. Also stupid and evil.

You get the picture.

A lot of times I just make my eyes really big and go: “Oh my goodness, aren’t you just the cutest thing with your little lefty socialist ignorant worldview!”. Then I pat them on the head and hand them the above mentioned tissue.

You can see how this would not be practical in a lot of situations.

So I’m hoping you guys can help. What do you do when you encounter this? Is there a polite, respectful way to disagree without endangering your career, your child’s social/academic life, or a treasured relationship? When is it right to just change the subject and when is it okay to share your own beliefs? And what facts/sources do you use to back up your points? Do you have a good website/pundit/historian/economist that you trust?

I know we’ve kicked this around in the open threads but this post is dedicated to your perspective on dealing with liberals that you can’t just yell at/condescend to/slap/divorce. Especially appreciated would be some polite rejoinders that might just provoke actual thought on their part.

Extra-especially appreciated would be hearing from former libs/Dems about what worked to change them.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45150,"[…] Green, according to the sheriff’s report, first told cops that “he did not know anything about what had happened in the store and that he did not know anyone involved.” (link) MACON, Ga. — Authorities in central Georgia say … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45370,"All Races Called – Republicans

RETAIN CONTROL

*Fourth Update as of midnight CST ( 4 Republican wins, 2 Dem seats gained)

*Third Update as of 11:00 pm CST (3 seats held by R’s, 2 lost, 1 undecided)

*Second Update as of 10:00 pm

*First Update as of 9:30pm

Two Races Safe so far for Republicans.

Four Sources for election tracking Results:

Wisconsin JS Online – Click Here

Wisconsin OnPolitix Site – Click Here

Wisconsin Vote.Org – Click Here

Wisconsin Politics – Click Here

Will attempt to keep this thread updated with election results throughout the night . GLENDALE – The summer of recall elections comes to one of its climactic days Tuesday morning with polls open until 8:00 p.m. across the state. Turnout is high at several polling stations in the Milwaukee area, based on TODAY’S TMJ4 calls to polling stations.

Six Republican state senators were fighting for their jobs, and also to keep control of the State Senate. If five Democratic challengers were to win their elections Tuesday, the Democratic Party would be guaranteed to take over control of the Senate even if two Republican recall challengers win their elections against Democratic incumbents on August 16th. A third Democrat survived a recall attempt last month.

In the Milwaukee area, River Hills Republican incumbent Senator Alberta Darling was facing off against Whitefish Bay Democratic challenger and current State Representative Sandy Pasch on Tuesday in the District 8 recall election

The Wisconsin Democratic Party said that removing Darling would be “the crown jewel” of the recall elections. Both Darling and Pasch spent their final campaign hours going door to door, trying to shore up votes before this unprecedented race. Pasch said she wants to unseat Darling because of her support of the collective bargaining law and deep cuts to education.

“I’m concerned if we don’t change the dicussion on education that it’s going to be difficult to attract the best and the brightest,” said Pasch.

“I’m very proud moving forward that our schools are secure now, except for Milwaukee. They choose not to use the tools, so they are having layoffs,” explained Darling.

Turnout for the Darling-Pasch race was expected to be high, and after problems during the primary in Glendale, that city is making sure enough polling places would be open.

All five Glendale polling places were to be open, instead of just one during the primary election. That situation caused long lines and angry voters.

City officials did that to save money, but several complaints prompted change for the general election on Tuesday.

Voters hoped it would expedite the process.

“(I stood in line) probably 20 minutes, and normally it’s much shorter,” explained Bill Konrad, a voter from Glendale. “You’re in and out in five minutes.”

Voters were expected to show their identification, even though it was not required to vote during this recall election

Poll workers were trying to get voters familiar with the new voter ID law, which takes effect in 2012.

Other races for Tuesday included these GOP incumbents against Democratic challengers:

District 2: Incumbent Robert Cowles vs. Nancy Nusbaum

District 10: Incumbent Sheila Harsdorf vs. Shelly Moore

District 14: Incumbent Luther Olsen vs. Fred Clark

District 18: Incumbent Randy Hopper vs. Jessica King

District 32: Incumbent Dan Kapanke vs. Jennifer Shilling

These two races on Tuesday, August 16th include Democratic incumbents against Republican challengers:

District 12: Incumbent Jim Holperin vs. Kim Simac

District 22: Incumbent Robert Wirch vs. Jonathan Steitz

In some districts, turnout was expected to surpass 50 percent.

The races targeting incumbent Republicans morphed into a high-stakes political fight with national implications as tens of millions of dollars poured into the state, breaking spending records in the unprecedented recalls.

Until this year, there were only 20 attempts nationally since 1913 to recall lawmakers from office, just 13 of them successful.

If Republicans lose three or four seats on Tuesday, the balance of power in the Senate will rest on the outcome of the two Democratic races next week.

The stakes were clearly much larger than simply determining who has control of the state Senate. The elections figured to help determine whether the Republican revolution led by Walker will get a shot in the arm or a major setback. Both parties also were testing messaging ahead of the 2012 presidential race, in which Wisconsin could be an important swing state.

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said it was “all in” to win the races, while a coalition of national unions spent millions on attack ads and other campaign activity to take seats from the Republicans. Conservative groups also spent millions.

It all amounted to a summer unlike any other in Wisconsin, with the unprecedented recalls the largest unified effort to kick incumbents out of office in history. More than $$31 million was estimated to have been spent on the nine recall elections, rivaling the $$37 million spent on last year’s governor’s race.

Republicans won control of both houses of the Legislature and the governor’s office in the 2010 election just nine months ago.

Since January, the Legislature that had been passing Republican-backed bills in rapid succession and with great ease will likely grind to a halt if Democrats win back the Senate and are then able to block anything from clearing without a bipartisan agreement.

Any newly elected senator will take office within 15 days of the election, a brief window where Republican Senate leaders could call a lame duck session if they are about to lose majority control.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124974,"Today, July 9th, is DAY #21 (of 5th week) State of Florida V. George Zimmerman case.

Yesterday was the first full day of defense witnesses. Perhaps the most significant of the first set were the two police officers who stated Tracy Martin, Trayvon’s father, said on 2/28/12 the cries for help on the 911 calls were NOT Trayvon. Later in the day Tracy Martin took the stand and essentially said the two detectives were lying. A great analysis of the events from yesterday is available HERE.

What additionally strikes as important to us is the first signs of desperation from the original nucleus of the Scheme Team construct, Benjamin Crump and Daryl Parks – attorneys for the Martin family. Parks appeared on Piers Morgan show last night and the video should be watched by anyone who knows how the scheme was constructed.

We accept that Mark O’Mara is conflicted in this case, and he is trying to walk a fine line between presenting a defense to a case built on political pressure and outright fraud; Yet simultaneously avoiding exposition of both the politics and the fraud itself.

The intentionally avoided open doors exposing the fraud creates anxiety for those of us who know what is inside the room he is avoiding. Our prayers are that his passing those wide open doors is based on prudence [within an unknown strategy]. However, our fear is the hasty and politically correct avoidance might cause him to pass by the room holding the key to George Zimmerman’s ultimate ‘long-term’ freedom.

It should be noted the NAACP Annual National Convention starts in Orlando on Friday; Additionally, preparations are being made in/around Miami-Dade for a Wednesday defense wrap up with a community/LEO preparation meeting today.

Four Live Stream Links:

http://www.wftv.com/s/zimmerman-livestream/

http://wildabouttrial.com/george-zimmerman-live-stream.html

http://livewire.wesh.com/

http://www.clickorlando.com/

Here are some additional *possible* Links to the Hearing:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124165,"Senator Dianne Feinstein, I will not register my weapons should this bill be passed, as I do not believe it is the government’s right to know what I own. Nor do I think it prudent to tell you what I … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129435,"Oh the humanity….

(Politico) — President Barack Obama was leaving a Senate Republican meeting on the budget earlier this month when he unexpectedly bumped into Sen. Dick Lugar (R-Ind.) as they both came off the White House elevators. It wasn’t a friendly chat. Lugar voiced his objections directly to Obama about the U.S. military policy in Libya, raising concerns about its scope and cost and the lack of deliberation within Congress about the NATO bombing campaign.

It was the latest in a steady stream of criticisms Lugar has voiced about Obama’s policies and agenda. During the past several weeks, Lugar has blasted Obama in stark terms for lacking a “vision” in Afghanistan and for delivering an “over-the-top” partisan speech on immigration policy. Protesting Obama’s speech, Lugar has withdrawn his co-sponsorship of the DREAM Act, an immigration-reform measure. On Monday, Lugar sent a lengthy letter to the president about his administration’s “failure” to consult with Congress on the Libya campaign — even as a bipartisan group of seven other senators introduced a resolution backing the military conflict.

Lugar’s overt criticism points to a divorce of sorts between the elder statesman from Indiana and the young president, who regularly touted his relationship with Lugar during Obama’s 3½ years as a senator and throughout his presidential campaign.

The breakup comes as Lugar faces a tough primary from the right in his home state — his first such challenge since 1976. (Convienient eh?…./SD)

…Lugar — a six-term Senate veteran — voted for McCain in the 2008 race, even though he stayed away from attacking Obama during the campaign and at times said positive things about the Democratic candidate.

Lugar now says Obama hasn’t called him on the phone to chat one on one about his thoughts and feelings — even though some Cabinet officials have solicited the 79-year-old Republican’s advice. Lugar says he attends meetings when invited by the White House, but the perception that he has frequent sessions with Obama has been vastly “overestimated,” as is any closeness with the president. (Keep reading… )

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45652,"First of all, Happy (First Night of) Hanukkah to all Jewish Treepers and visitors! Get ready for Eight crazy Nights of lighting candles and spinning dreidels and cleaning out your kids’ stash of gelt. Lest any of you wingnuts (I … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
34419,"As you read this press release from the U.S. Department of Justice, reference the originating nations for the 2014 “Unaccompanied Alien Children” crisis. [ie. Ted Cruz, Glenn Beck and Dana Loesch: ‘Teddy Bear and Soccer Balls’ alien relief mission] This is directly related to DACA used as a magnet. (Background follows press release)

U.S. DOJ – Senior law enforcement officials from the United States, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras announced here today criminal charges against more than 3,800 MS-13 and 18th Street gang members in the United States and Central America in a coordinated law enforcement action known as Operation Regional Shield.

The charges were announced by Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the United States, Attorney General Douglas Meléndez of El Salvador, Attorney General Thelma Aldana of Guatemala, and Attorney General Oscar Chinchilla of Honduras, marking the six-month anniversary of the commitment to combat transnational organized crime initiated in March by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, together with the Attorneys General of the three Central American countries.

The more than 3,800 individuals charged announced today include over 70 individuals in the United States in California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio and Virginia. Law enforcement officers seized six firearms and charged 284 gang members in Guatemala; seized 14 businesses and 11 luxury vehicles and arrested 12 MS-13 money launderers in Honduras; and filed 3,477 criminal charges, resulting in more than 1,400 arrests in El Salvador. (read more)

Here’s the DHS chart from the 2014 UAC crisis. Notice any similarity?

April 2009 – After a Mid-East trip to Egypt to deliver his Cairo speech, President Barack Obama travels to South America for the “Summit of the Americas“. The summit included thirty-four South American countries. Obama wanted to promote his point that relations in North and South America can be heavily improved, especially after age old ideals on immigration and commerce are dropped. Hugo Chavez warmly embraced Obama and provided a gift, a book titled “The Open Veins of Latin America“. (link)

December 2009 – November 2010 – 100% of all political effort was leveraged to create and institute the ACA or ObamaCare. All media oxygen is focused on ObamaCare 24/7.

November 2010 – President Obama is “shellacked” in Mid-Term elections. Loses control of the House of Representatives to Republicans. Biggest electoral defeat since 1918.

January 2011 – Emphasis, and political strategy changes. “Comprehensive Immigration Reform“, ie. “amnesty” becomes the mainstay approach toward retention of political power. Throughout a contentious Republican primary season, to assist their ideological traveler, the U.S. media kept the issue on the front burner.

November 2012 – Election year campaign(s). Using wedge issues like “War on Women”, and “Immigration / Amnesty”, candidate Obama promises to push congress for “amnesty”, under the guise of “Comprehensive Immigration Reform”, if elected. President Obama wins reelection.

December 2012 – Immediately following reelection President Barack Obama signs an Executive Order creating the “Deferred Action Program”, or DACA. Allowing millions of illegal aliens to avoid deportation. (link)

May 2013 – President Barack Obama visits South America. Following a speech Mexican entrepreneurs, Obama then travelled to Costa Rica, his first visit as president. In addition to meetings with Costa Rican President Laura Chincilla, Obama attended a gathering of leaders from the Central American Integration System, (CAIS). The regional network includes the leaders of Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua and Panama. (link) President Obama meets with the leaders of the Central American Countries.

Summer 2013 – Numbers of Illegal Unaccompanied Minors reaching the Southern U.S. border from El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua doubles. 20,000+ reach U.S. Southern border by travelling through Mexico. Media primarily ignores. (link)

October 2013 – At the conclusion of the immigrant travel season. White House receives notification that tens of thousands of illegal Unaccompanied Minors should be anticipated to hit the Southern U.S. border the following Summer [2014]. An estimated 850% increase in the number of UAC’s (from 2012’s less than 10,000) was projected. (link)

January 2014 – In response to the projections, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) posts a jobs notification seeking bids to facilitate 65,000 Unaccompanied Alien Children. The posting outlines DHS and Health and Human Services (HHS) requirements for contractors to fulfill the job. (link)

February 2014 – President Obama visits Mexico for “bilateral talks”, in an unusual one day visit (link):

Spring 2014 – With a full year of successful transport and border crossing without deportation – DHS begins to notice a significant uptick in the number of criminal elements from El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua; which have joined with the UAC’s to gain entry. Internal DHS documents reveal the “refugee” status is now being used by both criminal cartels, and potentially by Central American government(s) to send prison inmates into the U.S. (link)

June 2014 – As expected tens of thousands of Unaccompanied Alien Children from El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua hit the border and the headlines. Despite the known planning, and recently discovered prior internal notifications, the White House claims it did not see this coming. By July the media have picked up the story and it’s called “A Border Crisis”. However, the White House is desperate to avoid exposure to the known criminal elements within the story. (link)

July 2014 – President Obama requests $$3,700,000,000 ($$3.7 billion) in supplemental budget appropriations to deal with the border crisis. Only $$109 million is for actual border security or efforts to stop the outflow from El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua. Growing concern amid Democrats brings out a defense position that George Bush created the crisis in 2008.

Hidden inside a massive budget request is President Obama seeking legal authorization to spend taxpayer funds for lawyers and legal proceedings on behalf of the UAC’s and their families. In essence congress is being asked to approve the executive branch’s violation of previous immigration law. Section 292 of the Immigration and Nationality Act prohibits representation of aliens “in immigration proceedings at government expense“.

It becomes increasingly obvious the spending request is to facilitate President Obama in expanding the services toward ALL illegal immigrants throughout the U.S.

The stealth nature of the request is brilliant. Once the funds are established and appropriated the administration can then use millions of taxpayer funds to essentially integrate not only the UAC’s but any illegal alien currently within the system.

The $$3.7 Billion becomes the amnesty program Obama has sought but been blocked from achieving.

July 9th 2014 – Fearful that U.S. political interests might bring a halt to the outflow already in place, and/or actually result in a backlog of travelling migrants stuck at the border inside Mexico:…

…Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Guatemalan president Otto Perez Molina held a joint press conference in Playas de Catazaja, Mexico, to officially announce an agreement to make it easier for those making the illegal journey to the United States from Central America, to cross into Mexico.

The Southern Border Program to Improve Passage, will provide for more border checkpoints along Mexico’s border with Guatemala, and offer more protection and even emergency medical care to those making their way north. The illegal aliens will receive a so-called Regional Visitor’s Card, according to El Universal. (link)

July 10th, 2014 – Facing pushback from congress as well as sticker shock at the amount he is requesting, President Obama sends his DHS team to Capitol Hill to ramp up anxiety, and threats of consequences:

Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that as many as 90,000 unaccompanied child migrants could cross the southwest border before the end of this fiscal year in September.

That will place a huge strain on immigration agencies, which will badly need new money to get through the summer, Johnson says.

The 90,000 number — the highest yet given by the administration — is spelled out in written Senate testimony by Johnson as well as Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell, who must also deal with the border crisis.

“We are preparing for a scenario in which the number of unaccompanied children apprehended at the border could reach up to 90,000 by the end of fiscal 2014,” Johnson’s testimony reads, and he bluntly warns that without an infusion of new funds, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) will run out of money in August. (read more)

It would have been more direct and honest if DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson said: ‘pay us this extortion money or we’ll use our pulpit to call you haters, racists and bigots amid all the news broadcasts – and we’ll be joined by the likes of Glenn Beck to proclaim how insufferable and hateful you are for not caring about the children’.

….. the poor children.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131586,"History is replete with the failures of man, it highlights his cruelty, his desires, and often reveals his true nature no matter what social or moral standards have been established.

In 1895 the English author H. G. Wells laid out the exact template for how The United States would be overtaken by a brutal enemy that is completely malicious and incapable of mercy. Decades later in 1938 the Columbia Broadcasting System radio network, directed and narrated by actor and filmmaker Orson Welles, put that sordid template into action.

While I don’t know if H. G. or Orson were communists, nor do I care, the template and plan of attack is the focus not their personal philosophies. With only the spoken and written word both convinced a nation that is was being overtaken by a foreign invader that sought their complete subjugation. The same holds true today, but it’s done in soundbites, and digital form with far greater speed and reach.

In order to understand the future you must begin with a knowledge of the past. Rather than recite a verbose anthology of every event, or even every moment that brought us here, I’m only going to highlight some of the peaks along the path we find ourselves on currently.

Make no mistake America is under siege, the enemy is no longer at the gate, they are proudly parading down the central boulevards. They no longer wear a cloak and cling to the shadows, their war machines are rolling down every street and are displayed in every home and business.

This is a view of the entire field of battle, from far above, not the individual skirmishes, nor the small firefights that we know of. It’s the strategic view, which every American patriot needs to grasp to ensure that every battle is won. We must take the fight to them directly, head on refusing to grant quarter or respite.

The communists will never relent or offer a truce, and will use any weapon they can to dismantle America at every opportunity.

In 1946 the ENIAC which was the first electronic general purpose computer, designed originally to calculate artillery firing tables for the United States Army’s Ballistic Research Laboratory, with a speed of one thousand times that of any existing electro mechanical machines.

IBM’s Naval Ordnance Research Calculator the N.O.R.C. was the first supercomputer and the most powerful computer on earth from 1954 to about 1963, and remained in service until 1968. Today social networking, cell phones, data networks, and every other modern form of communication has provided an entirely new environment for warfare to take place.

Cyber bullying involves using technology, like cell phones and the Internet, to bully or harass another person. According to data provided by the CDC this may have resulted in up to 4,400 deaths per year.

The NSA, IRS, law enforcement agencies, the courts, and every modern company collects mountains of data on every one of us. There are endless ways that information is used to harass, defame, inhibit, and often stifle anyone who dares to question the state. Every call is monitored, every text is collected, and each tweet or comment you make anywhere is collected by some government agency and held somewhere until it’s needed to attack you directly.

The Question: What does modern technology have to do with firearms ownership and the 2nd Amendment?

Ask yourself, and just ponder that simple question for a few moments while we get comfortable up here in the clouds, because that my dear reader is the only place you will ever be able to see the entire battlefield at this point. Being on the ground just wont do anymore, unfortunately.

We have completely lost the air war without ever firing a shot, and now every movie, every news network, television show, and even textbooks are so full of communist propaganda dedicated to the Marxist utopia that it’s impossible to avoid.

The communists, statists, liberals, progressives, Fabians, or whatever name they may use have embedded themselves so deeply it will not be an easy fight nor will it be a quick one unless we use direct force.

Currently even voting has been so corrupted by the same people who rule from on high, that it’s almost meaningless. I have no intention of painting some rosy picture, there is nothing here which will allow you to sit where you are and wait for somebody else to step forward.

The most powerful and dangerous modern infantry weapon in 1822 was the Brown Bess, which was issued to the British infantry and also used by The American Continental Army during the Revolutionary war in 1775.

The 2nd United States Congress in 1792 authorized the President to call the militias into Federal service whenever the laws of the United States shall be opposed or the execution thereof obstructed, in any state, by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings. Militia members were to arm themselves with a musket, bayonet and belt, two spare flints, and a cartridge box with 24 bullets, which was the standard combat equipment of all uniformed American Continental Army personnel at the time.

As technology improved the Union Army under the direction of Abraham Lincoln replaced the .75 caliber matchlock with the more advanced lever-action, 7 round tube magazine 56-56 Spencer rimfire rifle. In 1860, and then the newer lever-action, 16 round tube magazine .44-40 Henry rimfire rifle was used as the standard issue Union Army infantry and cavalry weapons. Remember that if it has one military characteristic it should be illegal, take a wild guess what that could mean.

When Woodrow Wilson was elected in 1913 with a Senate and a House Majority of Democrats, who persuaded Americans that the country needed some sort of banking and currency reform.

Wilson claimed that The Federal Reserve Act of 1913 would provide a ready reserve of liquid assets, and allow for currency and credit to expand and contract when threatened by financial panics. Wilson borrowed billions of dollars in war funding through his newly established Federal Reserve Bank that the Democrats had created in December of 1913.

When he was re-elected in 1916, they had full control of American entry into World War I. By the end of the United States involvement in World War I, the bolt-action Springfield Model 1892 Krag, and The bolt-action M-1903 Springfield were being slowly replaced by the even newer Remington Arms 30-06 M-1917 5-round clip fed automatic.

When the United States entered World War II the standard issue combat rifle was the even newer and even more advanced gas operated, auto loading, 8 round clip fed, M-1 Garand which Patton considered to be the finest battle implement ever devised.

As of this writing, The United States Government sells them to the Civilian Marksmanship Program, who currently sell these previously military issued M-1 Garand rifles to civilians. Franklin D. Roosevelt took office in 1933 a full four years after the stock market crash of 1929 with a Senate and a House Majority of Democrats. Roosevelt took the United States into a time of worldwide economic depression and total war, and began the communist parties completely open and visible siege on the 2nd Amendment, and the Constitution of the United States. In 1942, after Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor President Roosevelt authorized the internment of 110,000 Japanese Americans with executive Order 9066 and confiscated all of their property.

Then he used Executive Order 6102 to criminalize the possession of monetary gold by any individual, partnership, association or corporation.

Two years later in 1944, Roosevelt ordered his war secretary Henry L. Stimson to seize properties belonging to the Montgomery Ward company because the company refused to comply with the demands of the labor unions. Roosevelt used the trading with the Enemy Act of 1917, which was passed by Wilson, and then went on to completely abandon the gold standard.

When Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower entered office with a Senate and a House Majority of Democrats in 1959 the U.S. Army had already began phasing out the older clip fed, 8 round magazine, automatic, M-1 with the newer and more advanced gas operated, clip fed, 20 round, automatic M-14 which was has shared service with the smaller and lighter gas operated, clip fed, 20 round, automatic M-16 rifles which are still in service currently as the standard issue infantry weapon.

In 1974 the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence was formed.

The Brady Campaign is named after James Brady the white house press secretary who oddly enough was shot six years later in 1981.

The Brady Campaign emerged from Handgun Control, Inc, which was originally the National Council to Control Handguns and previously know as the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence which also started in 1974.

James Brady was shot at the Washington Hilton Hotel in Washington, D.C., by John Hinckley, Jr. with a German Röhm RG-14 .22 caliber, 6 round, double action revolver as a way to impress actress Jodie Foster.

Washington, D.C. currently has the most strict firearms infringements in the United States. The 1934 NFA has been in effect for 40 years by this time, and the Federal reserve has been in operation for 61 years.

In 1983 Army Veteran Randy Weaver bought twenty acres of land on Ruby Ridge, located in northern Idaho where he began building a cabin to home school his children and go Gault.

In January 1985, the FBI and the Secret Service started an investigation BASED ON CLAIMS made by neighbors.

In October 1989, THE ATF CLAIMED that Randy Weaver sold the ATF two sawed-off shotguns that violated the 1934 National Firearm Act.

In 1990 the ATF filed the gun charges because Weaver had refused to be an informant for the federal government.

In 1992 when helicopter pilot Richard Weiss flew over the Weaver property while working for Geraldo Rivera, it was reported that Weaver had fired on them, and even after 302 interviews denying that Weaver fired on his helicopter the US Marshal Service still used the FICTIONAL CLAIM as justification for the assault on his home.

In 1992 three years after the initial FICTIONAL CLAIM by the ATF the Marshal Service began their attack.

The Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990 is passed by a Senate and a House Majority of Democrats and signed by George Herbert Walker Bush

Several years later in 1993, the Waco Tribune-Herald began the “Sinful Messiah” series of articles. In addition to the allegations of sexual abuse and misconduct, David Koresh and his followers WERE ACCUSED of stockpiling illegal weapons.

During 1993 a formal investigation was opened by the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms BASED ON CLAIMS of illegal weapons. The religious sect Branch Davidians, had purchased many legal weapons and gun parts from various legal vendors.

These purchases were traced by ATF through the normal channels used to track legal firearms purchases from legal vendors, and none of the weapons and firearms were illegally obtained or any of them illegally owned.

The search warrant was justified NOT ON THE BASIS OF ANY PROOF that the Davidians had purchased anything illegal, but on the basis that they could be modifying legal owned and purchased weapons.

The ATF attempted to execute their search warrant at Mount Carmel Center ranch, which was the property of the religious sect Branch Davidians and 86 American citizens died under the direction of William Jefferson Clinton and Janet Reno.

In 1994 William Jefferson Clinton with a Senate and a House Majority of Democrats passed the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act banned the manufacture of 19 SPECIFIC FIREARMS based completely on FICTIONAL DEFINITIONS and COSMETIC FEATURES that have absolutely no impact on the capabilities of the weapon in question or their actual lethality.

There is not a single line devoted to muzzle velocity, range, skill of the user, cartridge weight, jacket, or type. When you look up the definitions of “assault rifle” or “assault weapon” you are led into an expanding circle of definitions based on the description of the previous definition.

By 1997 the founding, and in many cases, spectacular failure of hundreds of new Internet-based companies commonly referred to as dot-coms caused a combination of rapidly increasing stock prices, and market confidence that the companies would turn future profits, individual speculation in stocks, and widely available venture capital created an environment in which investors were willing to overlook traditional metrics just like what happened in 1929.

Beginning with Wilson and all the way up the Clinton the communists have had only two goals, first disarm the public, then totally collapse the United States economy to ensure they can usher in their Marxist utopia unopposed.

Shortly after George Walker Bush entered office in 2001 with a Senate Majority of Republicans and a House Majority of Democrats, Islamic terrorists attacked the U.S. in September of 2001.

The weapons involved were the Boeing 767-223ER, Boeing 767–222, Boeing 757-223, and a Boeing 757–222 aircraft killing the 19 hijackers and 2,977 civilians. Hundreds of billions of dollars were instantly lost, and thousands of companies were quite literally turned to dust in a few seconds. NO, I do not think Bush was responsible, that is just to far beyond utterly retarded to even consider. A Pawn, dupe, or patsy perhaps, but nothing more.

As of this date there has been no outcry to ban the possession, sale, or transfer of any Boeing aircraft, or infringe on their use in any way. However ANY PERSON THAT NEEDS TO USE THEM is harassed, sexually assaulted, searched, photographed, and may be placed on the secretive no fly list.

Hurricane Katrina was the costliest natural disaster, as well as one of the five deadliest hurricanes, in the history of the United States. Virginia Tech with 32 killed and 17 wounded, The city-wide order by New Orleans Police Superintendent Eddie Compass to local police, U.S. Army National Guard soldiers, and Deputy U.S. Marshals to confiscate all civilian-held firearms.

Seizures were carried out without warrant, and in some cases with excessive force. The NFA has been in effect now for 67 years, however only 3 NFA weapons have ever been used in crimes, two of which were by law enforcement officers according to the FBI even though extreme violence is glamorized and then immediately scorned by the people who profit from those films.

The Federal reserve has only been in operation for 88 years, and we now have a 17 trillion dollar national debt held by a private bank.

The current issue weapon of most law enforcement agencies, and the military is the M-16 A-4 variant of the original air-cooled, magazine fed, gas operated automatic brought into service in 1959.

Read the opinion of Justice Scalia again, then read it again, and again until it really sinks in deep. All of these “Weapons that were not specifically designed for military use and were not employed in a military capacity” is the exact opposite of documented, and factual history.

So do you honestly still believe that this constitutional originalist champion has even the most remote grasp of history? Can you really have faith in a supreme court that knows less about history than they do about why and how America was founded?

It’s now January of 2009. ____???____is inaugurated as president, again with a Senate and a House Majority of Democrats. Again taking the United States into a time of worldwide economic depression and conflicts from Libya, to Iran, with the continuing fight in Afghanistan and Iraq.

Isn’t it just kinda odd how that keep’s happening over and over and over, yet we are continually told that the Republicans cause everything? Must be just a coincidence right?

An Islamic terrorist, Nidal Malik Hasan killed 13 people and wounded 29 others at Ft Hood. The Department of Justice sells military weapons to Mexican drug cartels resulting in hundreds of deaths, and the mayor of Chicago calls for National Guard troops to be deployed to help quell violence on Chicago’s streets. Embassies are attacked like Benghazi and even more bodies pile up.

Then we have James Holmes who kills 24 in a movie theatre, and Sandy Hook in Connecticut. IT only gets better because now there are roving packs of Africans randomly targeting whites based solely on skin color to play their knock out game. Every day there are hundreds of these attacks yet only a few are reported.

Gibson Guitar is raided for buying the wrong wood from the wrong people. The Department of Education raids a home with a S.W.A.T. Team in Stockton Ca. for a “fraud investigation” which is typically white-collar crime. The supreme court finds obamacare constitutional, ensuring you may be compelled by government to purchase a private product and punished if you refuse.

The Social Security Administration plans to purchase 174,000 Rounds of ammunition, The US Forest Service recently bought 320,000, The US Department of Homeland Security recently posted a solicitation for 750 million, the FBI is looking for 100,000,000, and the US Fish and Wildlife Service wants 13,500 more?

The Internal Revenue service is looking for 60 Remington Model 870 12 gauge pump-action shotguns, and the U.S. Department of Education has also decided to buy 20?

Technology has expanded exponentially and everyone is completely plugged in. Everything about you can be discovered with the right tools… Gun owners, Traditional marriage supporters, TEA party supporters, and other conservatives, are assaulted, harassed, and continually threatened or have their property vandalized.

List’s of gun owners are published, people who support traditional marriage have their names and locations published, anyone who dares question the BGI or Gay mafia is sued, slandered and driven into the ground financially.

Question: Do you finally see the multitude of pieces that have fallen into place yet?

The date is January 5th, 2013 and ____???____, has managed to use the absolute ignorance of gun owners, Republicans, and the general public to install himself as the final “president” of the geographic area you currently reside in.

There is no United States of America anymore, and if you are foolish enough to claim there is please define “united” for me. Congress is composed of an endless list of criminals who represent only themselves, voter fraud is rampant with hundreds of groups like ACORN available to ensure it stays that way.

Millions of people attend rallies promoting the Constitution nationwide and even on the capital mall, yet the only groups who receive endless favorable coverage are the aggrieved minorities,The BGI, LA Raza, Unions or Occupy.

Law enforcement agencies are routinely caught assaulting people, harassing people, and often killing them with impunity. Ticket quota’s are the norm in thousands of jurisdictions as a means to legally extort the local populace to fund more and more heavy weapons or technology to target the average Joe. Police checkpoint’s, barricades at national parks, and an endless list of other criminal acts.

Every film or television show made today always includes subtle references to being green, evil corporations, and dozens of other communist causes or beliefs.

There are thousands of websites devoted to an endless propaganda campaign, to silence any dissent from the party line. Online editorials and commentary from people like Bill Press regularly call for the death or imprisonment of anyone who dares disagree.

Thugs like Trayvon Martin are knighted as saint’s while their true victims like George Zimmerman are crucified. However there has been no outcry to ban the possession, sale, or transfer of computers, television or movies, even though they are the preferred weapon to stalk and harass people in the modern world and partially blamed in each tragedy as it unfolds.

The automatic weapon became the SPECIFIC LANGUAGE of the social and media communists for a very well planned reason. They knew then, just as they do now, that continually repeating that phrase would eventually convince people that every single firearm in existence was an assault rifle or an assault weapon even though those don’t actually exist.

Every phony claim, every shooting, every crime, was linked to the FALSE CLAIM that automatic weapons were in possession of their target, and it didn’t matter if they showed a picture of fluffy kittens or an obsolete Roman Gladius, because everything is a machine gun to the communists.

In each case an allegation was made that automatic weapons were held by the victim, yet every single modern firearm is if fact an automatic weapon by design. Do you understand why my previous piece was so valuable, you my very well be the next person singled out and used to drive the herd into the corral for slaughter.

Beginning in October of 2008 with “We Are 5 Days From Fundamentally Transforming America…” our ultimate fate was sealed and inescapable.

Is your blood boiling, sure it is, you see it daily on any number of websites, you hear about it from friends or family. It’s everywhere around you, whether you see the battle or not. I can assure you IT IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW and most will ignore it because they don’t see trucks rolling through their own neighborhood collecting people.

That day is fast approaching, and no court, no “representative” in the Capitol will be there to save you, or help you.

Can I lead yes, have I? NO!

That alone is the resounding answer everyday from each of us, we talk, we fume, we condemn, yet at no point has anyone stepped forward and said enough!!

In one day we could erase every single thing the communists have set in motion decades ago, we could uproot their radical dreams and wipe it out for another 200 years and maybe even more.

The saddest thing is that we can’t agree on a plan, we can’t set our own selfish desires aside and do the RIGHT THING instead of the beneficial thing. America will only be lost if we allow it. A long time ago I recognized that I volunteered, if that check must finally be cashed I am happy to do that if it means someone else will carry on the vision of Hamilton, or Washington.

Sarah Palin is was and is absolutely correct, you must have a servant’s heart because no other kind will do. You must be willing to give, to sacrifice, and seek no reward or accolade. It can’t ever be about you, and must always be about someone else.

Since before the United States was founded, the American citizen has been in possession of weapons specifically designed for military use, we have held automatic weapons, lever actions, breech loaders, and all others.

We have been commanded to own these weapons by the men who penned the Constitution of the United States Of America, and should you believe in a power far beyond that above you, well she granted you that right to preserve and protect all that you have earned and it’s about time we start doing exactly that!

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
62208,There are many people taking notice of modern politics for the first time in their lives. There is also some confusion noticed between two groups who talk above and around each other. Two groups communicating from two entirely different sets … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224952,"In modern, fearful and litigious corporate America it is known as “Plausible Deniability”. A risk management term to describe an intentional layering of administrative action within an organization to protect the higher-ups from risk. Plausible Deniability is a condition in which a subject can safely and believeably deny knowledge of any particular truth that may exist because the subject is deliberately made unaware of said truth so as to benefit or shield the subject from any responsibility associated through the knowledge of such truth.

If your opponent lacks incontrovertible proof (evidence) of their allegation, you can “plausibly deny” the allegation even though it may be true. Because many lawyers are in politics, they brought forward a lower standard of ethics and integrity with them. This is why they rarely put anything controversial in writing. This is also why they most often have you talk to an underling or an agency bureaucrat so they can plausibly deny knowledge of the conversation or be able to say the underling or bureaucrat misstated their position.

Got it?

This is what you get with President Obama ad infinum. Denial, obfuscation, and commentary filled with semantics that makes Bill Clinton’s claim of “it depends what your definition of “is” is” seem, well, contrasted it seems almost straight forward.

But we hate that right? We hate nuanced and manipulated verbage specifically intended to provide varying degrees of separation. We just want straight talkers. We want honesty and responsibility for action. We want principle and substance over clouded manipulations. Right?

So why the heck would anyone vote for, or support, Mitt Romney? Consider his attack ads and his approach to responsibility. First the attack ad:

And now Romney’s response:

This from the same guy who denied running attack ads against Newt Gingrich even though CNN host Wolfe Blitzer confronted him with the fact he approved of the ad. This from the same guy who claims his offshore bank accounts are not controlled by him but rather by a blind trust. This from the same guy who never takes responsibility for anything, and who obfuscates everything.

Perhaps in the corporate world this type of leadership is what Risk Management experts teach, but in running a nation and looking out for the best interests of citizens this type of behavior is exactly what we should not support . We need honesty, principled leadership, and integrity to lead the nation.

We need people who will take responsibility and lead with character, not denial.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
127929,"The week before she had to give Benghazi testimony before congress she hits her head and has a concussion with a blood clot. Then last Thanksgiving when a fire broke out above Hillary’s office on the long weekend. One would think all of these mysterious occurances around corruptocrat Hillary Clinton would be drawing a little attention, no?

(PJ Media Notes)Fedensin’s allegations touch former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton more directly than anyone else currently in the Obama administration. Clinton was SecState when the eight investigations that Fedensin alleges were scuttled by senior department members, were scuttled. The scandals even touch Clinton’s own security detail as well as her long-time fixer, Cheryl Mills.

TEXAS – The offices of a Dallas law firm representing a high-profile State Department whistleblower were broken into last weekend. Burglars stole three computers and broke into the firm’s file cabinets. But silver bars, video equipment and other valuables were left untouched, according to local Fox affiliate KDFW, which aired security camera footage of the suspected burglars entering and leaving the offices around the time of the incident.

The firm Schulman & Mathias represents Aurelia Fedenisn, a former investigator at the State Department’s Office of the Inspector General. In recent weeks, she raised a slew of explosive allegations against the department and its contractors ranging from illicit drug use, soliciting sexual favors from minors and prostitutes and sexual harassment.

“It’s a crazy, strange and suspicious situation,” attorney Cary Schulman told The Cable. “It’s clear to me that it was somebody looking for information and not money. My most high-profile case right now is the Aurelia Fedenisn case, and I can’t think of any other case where someone would go to these great lengths to get our information.”

According to the KDFW report, the firm was the only suite burglarized in the high-rise office building and an unlocked office adjacent was left untouched.

The State Department, which has repeatedly disputed Fedenisn’s allegations, denied any involvement in the incident. “Any allegation that the Department of State authorized someone to break into Mr. Schulman’s law firm is false and baseless,” spokeswoman Jen Psaki said. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33309,"LINK To FBI Witness Information CLICK HERE (discuss in comments)

*Note – I’m sticking this at the top of the page for a day while we go through the data and analyze for any specific points of interest. I have already noted numerous aspects that warrant further research – I’m sure many of you have also.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Media Report from Orlando ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jeff Weiner Reports – The Orlando Sentinel today obtained the latest cache of evidence in the George Zimmerman murder case, including new details of Zimmerman’s interest in law enforcement and testimony alleging racism and sexism in the Sanford Police Dept.

Orlando Sentinel hosts pictures received directly from State of FL

Federal Bureau of Investigation documents, part of an ongoing civil-rights investigation into the Feb. 26 shooting in Sanford, include interviews with Sanford police, Zimmerman’s neighbors and at least one coworker.

Some of those interviewed said they interacted with Zimmerman in the aftermath of the shooting. As in previously released FBI records, none of those interviewed said they’d known Zimmerman to behave in a racist manner.

The Sentinel obtained the records Tuesday from the office of Special Prosecutor Angela Corey through a public-record request. The names of those interviewed by the FBI were redacted from the documents, in accordance with a judge’s order.

Also in the latest evidence is digital copies of photos taken on the night of the shooting, showing Zimmerman’s injuries. One of the photos was posted on the defense team’s blog on Monday. […]

One [black] woman, who has a vacation home in the Retreat at Twin Lakes community, told FBI agents she had interacted with Zimmerman in his role with the neighborhood watch. A black woman, the witness described Zimmerman as respectful and mild mannered.

She said she emailed Zimmerman after the shooting, and he called from a number she didn’t recognize and “began telling her that what was being said about him was not true.” The witness later found an email in her junk file from Zimmerman, asking her “to give him some type of personal reference regarding his character.” *The woman didn’t respond. (more)

*Of course she didn’t respond; If she, a black woman, had actually provided any positive commentary about George Zimmerman she would have been run out of town by Natalie Jackson, Francis Oliver and Seminole NAACP head Turner Clayton Jr.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223859,"The leftist deep-state apologist side of political narrative building are selling a story of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman as a comparative persona to the DPRK’s Kim Jong-un. However, a more accurate analysis might pose the question: is Robert Mueller the U.S. Jeffersonian version of Saudi’s Crown Prince?

Time will tell. Indeed, time will tell:

DUBAI (Reuters) – Saudi Arabian banks have frozen more than 1,200 accounts belonging to individuals and companies in the kingdom as part of the government’s anti-corruption purge, bankers and lawyers said on Tuesday. They added that the number is continuing to rise. Dozens of royal family members, officials and business executives have been detained in the crackdown and are facing allegations of money laundering, bribery, extorting officials and taking advantage of public office for personal gain.

Since Sunday, the central bank has been expanding the list of accounts it is requiring lenders to freeze on an almost hourly basis, one regional banker said, declining to be named because he was not authorized to speak to media. The banker did not name the companies affected but said they included listed and unlisted firms across many sectors. He added that if the freezes stayed in place for long, they could start to hurt day-to-day business activities such as paying staff and creditors or making other transactions. A second banker said, however, that most of the frozen accounts belonged to individuals rather than companies, and that banks were being allowed by the regulator to continue to fund existing commitments. A central bank spokesman was not available to comment. Among top business executives detained in the probe are billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE; Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar, founder of Al Tayyar Travel (1810.SE); and Amr al-Dabbagh, chairman of builder Red Sea International (4230.SE). (read more)

Sword dancing has benefits…

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223890,"What a tangled web is weaved…. Hillary Clinton paid her lawyers at Perkins Coie for opposition research on candidate Donald Trump. In turn Perkins Coie paid Fusion GPS to gather information. Fusion GPS paid Christopher Steele to write the “Russian Dossier”.

The FBI also paid Christopher Steele. Additionally, prior evidence surfaced suggesting the FBI used the dossier to get FISA warrants against the Trump campaign. And NOW we discover that Fusion GPS paid journalists and five media companies to participate.

Oh, if this ain’t just sketchy as all hell:

WASHINGTON – Newly filed court documents confirm that Fusion GPS, the company mostly responsible for the controversial “Trump dossier” on presidential candidate Donald Trump, made payments to three journalists between June 2016 until February 2017. The revelation could be a breakthrough for House Republicans, who are exploring whether Fusion GPS used the dossier, which was later criticized for having inaccurate information on Trump, to feed anti-Trump stories to the press during and after the presidential campaign. The three journalists who were paid by Fusion GPS are known to have reported on “Russia issues relevant to [the committee’s] investigation,” the House Intelligence Committee said in a court filing.

But the recipients’ names, the amounts, and purposes of those payments were either redacted from the documents that Fusion GPS filed to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia or were not disclosed. Fusion has asked the court to issue a restraining order against the House committee, which is demanding documents from the company that, among other things, explain the payments it made to reporters. Most of the documents sought are banking records. One of the documents filed by the company this week was an affidavit from one of Fusion GPS’s co-founders, Peter Fritsch. That affidavit said, in part, “[The House Intelligence Committee] has also demanded records related to transactions between Fusion GPS and certain journalists — i.e., Request Nos. 66, 68-69, 107-112. Those requested records involve transactions that are not pertinent to work related to Russia or Donald Trump.” (read more)

Things could get a whole lot more interesting if Kimberley Strassel is correct in her research and analysis of how the Clinton Campaign paid for the creation of the “Steele Dossier”, pushed it to the FBI, and then used their influence to generate media coverage of it. There’s a lot more questions to be asked; a lot more.

The basic outline as it appears is: Clinton paid for the sketchy dossier to be put together; then pushed it to the FBI (Sally Yates); who then used it to open a counter-intelligence investigation; which was then used to begin wiretaps etc. on Trump; while simultaneously reporters were fed information -from Fusion GPS- about the dossier and intelligence investigation; to start the Russian conspiracy narrative, using leaks within the intelligence investigation which were created by the dossier.

Byron York lays out the timeline and asks a similar set of questions. Additionally, there are strong indications Fusion GPS paid journalists to promote the dossier narrative along with other stories.

Kimberley Strassel – The Steele dossier has already become a thing of John le Carré-like intrigue—British spies, Kremlin agents, legal cutouts, hidden bank accounts. What all this obscures is the more immediate point: The dossier amounts to one of the dirtiest tricks in U.S. political history. It was perpetrated by Team Clinton and yielded a vast payoff for Hillary’s campaign.

The Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign hired the opposition-research firm Fusion GPS in April 2016 to dig up dirt on Donald Trump. Fusion in turn hired former U.K. spook Christopher Steele to assemble the (now largely discredited) dossier. That full dossier of allegations wasn’t made public until after the election, in January 2017. And the media and Democrats continue to peddle the line that it played no role during the election itself.

“Details from the dossier were not reported before Election Day,” ran a recent CNN story. Hillary Clinton herself stressed the point in a recent “Daily Show” appearance. The dossier, she said, is “part of what happens in a campaign where you get information that may or may not be useful and you try to make sure anything you put out in the public arena is accurate. So this thing didn’t come out until after the election, and it’s still being evaluated.”

This is utterly untrue. In British court documents Mr. Steele has acknowledged he briefed U.S. reporters about the dossier in September 2016. Those briefed included journalists from the New York Times , the Washington Post, Yahoo News and others. Mr. Steele, by his own admission (in an interview with Mother Jones), also gave his dossier in July 2016 to the FBI.

Among the dossier’s contents were allegations that in early July 2016 Carter Page, sometimes described as a foreign-policy adviser to Candidate Trump, held a “secret” meeting with two high-ranking Russians connected to President Vladimir Putin. It even claimed these Russians offered to give Mr. Page a 19% share in Russia’s state oil company in return for a future President Trump lifting U.S. sanctions. This dossier allegation is ludicrous on its face. Mr. Page was at most a minor figure in the campaign and has testified under oath that he never met the two men in question or had such a conversation.

Yet the press ran with it. On Sept. 23, 2016, Yahoo News’s Michael Isikoff published a bombshell story under the headline: “U.S. intel officials probe ties between Trump adviser and Kremlin.” Mr. Isikoff said “U.S. officials” had “received intelligence” about Mr. Page and Russians, and then went on to recite verbatim all the unfounded dossier allegations. He attributed all this to a “well-placed Western intelligence source,” making it sound as if this info had come from someone in government rather than from an ex-spy-for-hire.

The Clinton campaign jumped all over it, spinning its own oppo research as a government investigation into Mr. Trump. Jennifer Palmieri, the campaign’s communications director, the next day took to television to tout the Isikoff story and cite “U.S. intelligence officials” in the same breath as Mr. Page. Other Clinton surrogates fanned out on TV and Twitter to spread the allegations.

The Isikoff piece publicly launched the Trump-Russia collusion narrative—only 1½ months from the election—and the whole dossier operation counts as one of the greatest political stitch-ups of all time. Most campaigns content themselves with planting oppo research with media sources. The Clinton campaign commissioned a foreign ex-spy to gin up rumors, which made it to U.S. intelligence agencies, and then got reporters to cite it as government-sourced. Mrs. Clinton now dismisses the dossier as routine oppo research, ignoring that her operation specifically engineered the contents to be referred to throughout the campaign as “intelligence” or a “government investigation.”

Making matters worse, there may be a grain of truth to that last claim. If the Washington Post’s reporting is correct, it was in the summer of 2016 that Jim Comey’s FBI obtained a wiretap warrant on Mr. Page from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. If it was the dossier that provoked that warrant, then the wrongs here are grave. Mr. Page is suing Yahoo News over that Isikoff story, but he may have a better case against the Clinton campaign and the federal government if they jointly spun a smear document into an abusive investigation. (read more)

Kimberley Strassel explains more in this short video:

Democrats paid Fusion GPS, Fusion GPS hires Steele, Steele creates dossier using Russian sources & the dossier happens to make its way to the FBI. How much of the dossier was used by FBI to obtain FISA warrant? @KimStrassel explains pic.twitter.com/UAmBknnCcc — Nick Short 🇺🇸 (@PoliticalShort) November 12, 2017

The Steele dossier was one of the dirtiest political tricks ever. https://t.co/rjPHkuYDF0 via @WSJOpinion — Kimberley Strassel (@KimStrassel) November 10, 2017

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224250,"China, via Beijing’s communist old guard, has played right into the hands of the Trump administration by overreacting to the economic pressure of President Trump. Beijing authorized an atomic elbow via another provocative North Korean missile test. However, their response now empowers the Trump administration to point out the terrible DPRK behavior and simultaneously take a higher diplomatic road.

President Trump, Secretary Tillerson and Secretary Mattis’s “Fire and Fury” approach was essentially a dynamic Win/Win. By utilizing diplomacy (Tillerson/Haley) while constructing the appearance of military possibility (Mattis/McMaster), while simultaneously President Trump put the BIG geopolitical economic squeeze on China, team U.S.A. created a multidimensional box – and Beijing walked directly into the trap.

Unintentionally, China has now created a diplomatic ‘high-road’ path in response to the DPRK for the Trump administration. China, seeking to retain position behind the curtain of the DPRK, will not be able to oppose, publicly or in the U.N., any U.S. and allied position now or they run the risk of the entire world seeing their controls over Kim Jong-un. Notice the strategy in the well coordinated approach today:

President Trump Speaks To PM Shinzo Abe – President Donald J. Trump spoke yesterday with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan to address North Korea’s launch of a missile that overflew Japanese territory. The two leaders agreed that North Korea poses a grave and growing direct threat to the United States, Japan, and the Republic of Korea, as well as to countries around the world. President Trump and Prime Minister Abe committed to increasing pressure on North Korea, and doing their utmost to convince the international community to do the same. (LINK)

WHITE HOUSE STATEMENT – The world has received North Korea’s latest message loud and clear: this regime has signaled its contempt for its neighbors, for all members of the United Nations, and for minimum standards of acceptable international behavior. Threatening and destabilizing actions only increase the North Korean regime’s isolation in the region and among all nations of the world. All options are on the table. (LINK) Secretary Rex Tillerson Statement – Secretary Tillerson spoke on separate calls with Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and Republic of Korea (R.O.K.) Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha to discuss North Korea’s launch of a missile that overflew Japan. They agreed the launch was an escalation of North Korean provocations and showcased the dangerous threat posed by North Korea to the United States, Japan, the R.O.K., and countries around the world. Secretary Tillerson reaffirmed with Ministers Kono and Kang the strength of our alliances with Japan and the R.O.K., as well as the ironclad commitment of the United States to their defense. Secretary Tillerson agreed with the two ministers to continue close coordination on efforts to increase pressure on North Korea to show the regime that its repeated violations of UN Security Council resolutions will only result in condemnation and isolation from the international community. (LINK)

U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley locks the trap with a statement of how China and Russia will now have to stand on their prior commitment to the U.N. Security Council:

.

.

China’s objective is conquest. China’s tool for conquest is economics. President Trump’s entire geopolitical strategy, using economics in a similar way, is an existential threat to China’s endeavor. Communist Beijing calls the proverbial DPRK shots.

President Trump is putting on a MASSIVE economic squeeze.

♦Squeeze #1. Trump and Mnuchin just sanctioned Venezuela and cut off their access to expanded state owned oil revenue. Venezuela now needs more money. China and Russia are already leveraged to the gills in Venezuela and hold 49% of Citgo as collateral for loans outstanding. Now China and Russia will need to loan more, directly.

♦Squeeze #2. China’s geopolitical ally, Russia, is already squeezed with losses in energy revenue because of President Trump’s approach toward oil, LNG and coal. Trump, through allies including Saudi Arabia, EU, France (North Africa energy), and domestic production has driven down energy prices. Meanwhile Russia is bleeding out financially in Syria. Iran is the financial reserve, but they too are energy price dependent.

♦Squeeze #3. Trump and Tillerson just put Pakistan on notice they need to get involved in bringing their enabled tribal “extremists” (Taliban) to the table in Afghanistan. Pakistan’s primary investor and economic partner is China. If U.S. pulls or reduces financial support to pressure Pakistan toward a political solution in Afghanistan, China has to fill void.

♦Squeeze #4. China’s primary economic threat (competition) is next door in India. President Trump has just embraced India as leverage over China in trade and pledged ongoing favorable trade deals. The play is MFN (Most Favored Nation) trade status might flip from China to India. That’s a big play.

♦Squeeze #5. President Trump has launched a USTR Section 301 Trade Investigation into China’s theft of intellectual property. This encompasses every U.S. entity that does manufacturing business with China, particularly aeronautics and technology, and also reaches into the financial services sector.

♦Squeeze #6. President Trump, Secretary Ross, Secretary Mnuchin and USTR Robert Lighthizer are renegotiating NAFTA. One of the primary objectives of team U.S.A. is to close the 3rd party loopholes, including dumping and origination, that China uses to gain backdoor access to the U.S. market and avoid trade/tariff restrictions. [China sends parts to Mexico and Canada for assembly and then back-door entry into the U.S. via NAFTA.]

♦Squeeze #7. President Trump has been open, visible and vocal about his intention to shift to bilateral trade renegotiation with China and Southeast Asia immediately after Team U.S.A. conclude with NAFTA renegotiation.

♦Squeeze #8. President Trump has positioned ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) as trade benefactors for assistance with North Korea. The relationship between ASEAN nations and the Trump administration is very strong, and getting stronger. Which leads to…

♦Squeeze #9. President Trump has formed an economic and national security alliance with Shinzo Abe of Japan. It is not accidental that North Korea’s Kim Jong-un fired his missile over the Northern part of Japan. Quite simply, Beijing told him to.

Add all of this up and you can see the cumulative impact of President Trump’s geopolitical economic strategy toward China. The best part of all of it – is the likelihood China never saw it, meaning the sum totality of “all of it”, coming.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45096,"WATCH Live: Donald Trump Rally and speech in Springfield, IL at Prairie Capital Convention Center – Rally begins at 7:00pm CST (8:00pm EST) LINK At least 10,000 filled the Prairie Capital Convention Center in Springfield Monday night, as Trump hoped to gain support in llinois.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121310,"Economists surveyed by Reuters had expected the report to show growth of 183,000; the unemployment rate met expectations. A more encompassing rate that includes discouraged workers and the underemployed was unchanged at 8.6 percent.

The number of employed Americans hit a new high of 153.5 million thanks to a surge of 345,000. The employment-to-population ratio also moved up to 60.2 percent, tied for the highest level since February 2009.

Stock market futures liked the news, rising to indicate a positive open, while government bond yields also moved considerably higher.

“Kind of an all-around strong headline number,” said Tony Bedikian, head of global markets at Citizens Bank. “More people are coming into the labor force and finding jobs. It’s difficult to find anything really negative in the report.”

The closely watched wage number was unchanged from previous months, with average hourly earnings up 2.5 percent on an annualized basis. The average work week also was unchanged at 34.5 hours.

Bars and restaurants provided the biggest boost for the month with 53,000 more positives, while professional and business services contributed 49,000, the Bureau of Labor Statistics said. (read more)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223855,"Stephen Willeford is the man who shot and chased the Texas gunman who killed 26 people in a Texas Baptist church on Sunday. Mr. Willeford shares the story of what took place during an interview with 40/29 News in Texas.

Mr. Willeford tells what happened in one of the most riveting accounts ever. I have tried to set up the interview video in a sequence that outlines the story in his words. These are MUST WATCH videos of the first hand account:

Segment #1:

Segment #2:

.

Segment #3:

Recap Media Report with a scene walk-through by Mr. Stephen Willeford:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121575,"About 2:00 in the afternoon on a very special day, I would be sent up to the north window to keep watch. There is a little landing three-quarters of the way up to the second story where the staircase turns for … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222973,Round three of NAFTA begins this weekend in Canada. According to a leaked possible itinerary obtained by Reuters the auto-sector “rules of origin” will be discussed on Tuesday or Wednesday. The auto sector rules of origin have been exploited by … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121415,"Forget the social chaff and political countermeasures being promoted in the media. It is all manufactured distraction. It’s MONEY that matters to the powerful interests in the upper suites of the corporate media apparatus.

Everything, e.v.e.r.y.t.h.i.n.g, every story, is circling the upcoming economic and financial trade confrontations. There are trillions at stake and President Donald Trump is facing off against the international “BIG CLUB”. The purchased multinational political entities who operate within the massive and institutional multinational corporate and financial networks behind the World Bank and World Trade Organization.

NAFTA re-negotiations are set to begin in Washington DC this coming Wednesday. President Trump is meeting with Trade Team U.S.A tonight.

♦ Last week Mexico’s Economic Minister Ildefonso Guajardo threatened to flood the U.S. with illegal aliens, South American gangs and massive illegal drugs shipments if the U.S. doesn’t keep favor with Mexico in the trilateral trade deal. –LINK–

♦ Now today, Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland states that Canada will walk away from re-negotiated NAFTA if Chapter 19 trade dispute resolutions are not retained. –LINK–

What Canada seeks to keep is a dispute mechanism that specifically politicizes the NAFTA trade resolution process. Chapter 19 establishes a bi-national panel who make binding decisions on complaints about illegal subsidies, dumping, manipulation of trade and possible countervailing duties.

Essentially the Chapter 19 panel establishes a system where if Mexican and Canadian NAFTA representatives agree together against the U.S. on a trade dispute, the U.S. loses the underlying claim/argument.

Obviously it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to see the framework for two lesser parasites aligning in common cause against a singular host.

You can learn more about the Chapter 19 issues at this link.

These type of political and manipulative trade constructs is why President Trump was initially in favor of just abandoning NAFTA altogether. President Trump would prefer to construct trade agreements on a bilateral basis with individual nations making sure that each trade agreement held the best interests of the U.S. at the forefront.

Chapter-19-type rules for resolution of trade disputes – empowers and authorizes aligned nations, in this case Canada and Mexico, to undermine U.S. economic interests by uniting against the U.S. position during a trade dispute.

This trade approach weakens the scale of leverage carried by the sheer size and scale of the U.S. market. This is one of the ways U.S. interests are undermined by nations who seek maximum access to U.S. markets, and also seek to limit their own economy from fair, equitable and reciprocal trade.

Retention of rules as carried within the Chapter 19 NAFTA dispute resolution process, are the types of issues politicians are paid to retain by lobbyists representing multinational corporations and international trade nation-states.

It will be interesting to see what happens on this one. This rule needs to be eliminated or entirely changed to allow direct confrontation during a specific trade dispute with a neutral arbiter – outside the trade agreement and outside of national politics.. Let the arguments happen in local courts if arbitration doesn’t provide equity and agreement.

Again, the U.S. has nothing to lose on the downside. If Canada walks away, NAFTA can be scrapped and bilateral trade deals become the process to negotiate between the U.S and Canada. Team Trump would presumably like to see Canada walk away.

If President Trump holds firm to his internal compass (and gut instincts) he will most likely not allow Secretary Wilbur Ross and USTR Robert Lighthizer to keep current Chapter 19 dispute resolutions as part of a new NAFTA deal.

This is very important…. Most of the issues which have eroded the U.S. economic base and caused hardships for middle-class Americans are specifically due to politics in trade and economics. –EXPLAINED HERE– That reality is specifically why lobbyists pay for DC politicians to support specific aspects within U.S. trade policy. That reality is also how politicians get rich by selling their influence on U.S. trade policy.

Who loses?

YOU !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33436,"The Supreme Court held in United States v. Carll, 105 U.S. 611 (1881) that “in an indictment it is not sufficient to set forth the offense in the words of the statute, unless those words of themselves fully, directly, and expressly, without any uncertainty or ambiguity, set forth all the elements necessary to constitute the offense intended to be punished.” Vague wording, even if taken directly from a statute, does not suffice.

(Via Legal Insurrection) Perjury charge against Shellie Zimmerman raises more questions of prosecutorial overreaching – Prosecution misleadingly edited transcript

Florida prosecutor Angela Corey has come under withering criticism from Alan Dershowitz for overcharging and leaving out important details in the Affidavit of Probable Cause filed in connection with the charge of Second Degree Murder lodged against George Zimmerman.

Corey allegedly responded by threatening to sue Dershowitz and Harvard. This appears to be part of a pattern when she is criticized.

Now Corey has brought a charge of felony perjury against Zimmerman’s wife, Shellie, based on testimony during George’s bond hearing with regard to their financial resources. (Criminal Information and Affidavit of Probable Cause embedded at bottom of post.)

There certainly is a case which can be made that the Court was not fully informed of the financial situation, and that is part of the reason the Judge revoked bond under the standards applicable to release pending trial.

But that bond standard is very different from a criminal charge of perjury, which requires proof of a specific material false statement which the person believes not to be true at the time of testimony.

Shellie was charged under Florida statutes, section 832.02(1) (emphasis mine):

837.02 Perjury in official proceedings.— (1) Except as provided in subsection (2), whoever makes a false statement, which he or she does not believe to be true, under oath in an official proceeding in regard to any material matter, commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084. (2) Whoever makes a false statement, which he or she does not believe to be true, under oath in an official proceeding that relates to the prosecution of a capital felony, commits a felony of the second degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084. (3) Knowledge of the materiality of the statement is not an element of the crime of perjury under subsection (1) or subsection (2), and the defendant’s mistaken belief that the statement was not material is not a defense.

The standard Florida jury instruction on perjury provides:

To prove the crime of [Perjury Not in an Official Proceeding] [Perjury in an Official Proceeding], the State must prove the following five elements beyond a reasonable doubt: 1. (Defendant) took an oath or otherwise affirmed that [he] [she] was obligated by conscience or by law to speak the truth in (describe proceedings, official or unofficial, in which the alleged oath was taken). 2. The oath or affirmation was made to (person allegedly administering oath), who was a (official capacity). 3. (Defendant), while under an oath, made the statement (read from charge). 4. The statement was false. 5. (Defendant) did not believe the statement was true when [he] [she] made it.

So it is fair to ask, having charged perjury, what is the specific false statement made by Shellie Zimmerman?

The Criminal Information (embedded at the bottom of this post) does not say. Instead, the accompanying Affidvit recites testimony, phone call transcripts, and evidence of money received and transferred. Again, that all is relevant to whether George deceived the Court at the bond hearing.

But nowhere in the criminal Information or Affidavit of Probable Cause is a specific sentence or set of words identified as false with an explanation of why it was false.

I think there is a reason for this. Many of the answers of Shellie were non-committal. Since the prosecution does not specify which statements were false, here are some possibilities taken from the testimony quoted in the Affidavit of Probable Cause:

Q. Other major assets that you have which you can liquidate reasonably to assist in coming up with money for a bond? A. None that I know of.

What are “major assets”? Isn’t that a matter of opinion? Similarly, what does “reasonably” mean? Isn’t that also a matter of judgment, not a fact? The same lack of clarity accrues to “liquidate.” If the alleged funds already were liquid, the funds could not be liquidated again.

Q. I have discussed with you the pending motion to have your husband George declared indigent for cost, have I not? A. Yes, you have. Q. And is – – are you of any financial means where you can assist in those costs? A. Uhrn, not- – not that I’m aware of.

This question by defense counsel brings into play another conversation — not recited in the Information — as to what was in the pending motion and the discussions outside of court. What was her understanding of who owned the funds, what they could be used for, and whether they were her funds (“are you of any financial means”). If the funds belonged to George or to his defense fund, they were not Shellie’s financial means.

Q: I understand that you do have other family members present with you, and I’ll ask some more questions of them, but have you had discussions with them of at least trying to pull together some funds to accomplish a bond? A: We have discussed that— Q: Okay A: —-trying to pull together the members of the family to scrape up anything that we possibly can.

It’s not clear at all what could be false about this, unless Shellie did not actually have discussions with family members. Again, possible deception, but not a false statement.

Here is the entire segment quoted in the Affidavit of Probable Cause from the prosecution’s examination of Shellie (emphasis mine):

Q. And you mentioned also, in terms of the ability of your husband to make a bond amount, that you all had no money, is that correct? A. To my knowledge, that is correct. Q: Were you aware of the website that Mr. Zimmerman or somebody on his behalf created? A: I’m aware of that website. Q: How much money is in that website right now? How much money as a result of that website was — A: Currently, I do not know. Q: Do you have any estimate as to how much money has already been obtained or collected? A: I do not.

Notice the specific wording of the questions and answers. I think the best case for perjury was the response to the question whether “you all had no money.” (added) The way the question was structured, however, the question was whether Shellie previously said that there was “no money,” not that at the time of the question there was no money.

But in the very next question the issue of the website fundraising was raised, and she said she doesn’t “currently” know how much is “in that website right now” or how much was raised “as a result.” The word “currently” suggest that at the moment she was testifying she didn’t know, which may have been correct. Similarly the denial that she had “an estimate” would only be false if at the time of testifying Shellie had an estimate.

It may sound like I’m nitpicking the questions and answers, but that’s what’s at issue in a perjury prosecution.

This Court has held that statements alleged to be perjurious must be of “empirical fact” and not of opinion, belief or perception…. One of the essential elements of perjury in official proceedings is that the person making the statement does not believe it to be true… The questions posed to elicit perjured testimony must be asked with the appropriate specificity necessary to result in an equally specific statement of fact.

Cohen v. State, 985 So.2d 1207 (Fla. App. 3 Dist. 2008)(citations omitted).

Instead of specifying the words which constituted empirical statements of fact that knowingly were false and why, the prosecution presents testimony and then evidence, and only generally and vaguely states that a false statement was made.

I am not excusing the conduct of the Zimmermans as to the bond hearing. I understand why the Judge feels he was deceived.

I am questioning the bringing of a felony perjury charge without greater specificity of the false statements, particularly while the alleged perjurer’s husband is awaiting trial in a highly publicized case.

Just more questions as to how this prosecution is being handled.

*Note – the above testimony was selectively edited by the prosecution to leave out the following exchange (deleted testimony in bold):

Q: How much money is in that website right now? How much money as a result of that website was — A: Currently, I do not know. Q: Who would know that? A: That would be my brother-in-law. Q: And is he — I know he’s not in the same room as you, but is he available so we can speak to him, too, or the Court can inquire through the State or the Defense? A: I’m sure that we could probably get him on the phone. Q: Okay. So he’s not there now. A: No, he is not, sir. Q: Do you have any estimate as to how much money has already been obtained or collected? A: I do not.

The deleted transcript language certainly gives a very different context to the issue of whether Shellie knew how much was available or had an “estimate.” She offered to get the person who knew on the phone, but the prosecution didn’t take her up on that.

Note that in the Affidavit of Probable Cause the prosecution did not use an ellipsis or any other indication to show that words were omitted. (visit site and see pdf)",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224084,"President Donald J Trump Inauguration Links:

WEBSITE HERE – TWITTER HERE – INSTAGRAM HERE – FACEBOOK HERE

Thursday January 19th 2017

♦ 10:35 am – Performances begin at Lincoln Memorial. “Voices of the People,” the first act of a day-long public concert, will feature groups such as the DC Fire Department Emerald Society Pipes and Drums, the Republican Hindu Coalition, high school marching bands, choirs and baton twirlers.

♦ 3:30 pm to 4 pm – Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence participate in a wreath-laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery in honor of the nation’s veterans.

♦ 4 pm to 6 pm – Trump will deliver remarks during the second act of the concert at Lincoln Memorial, dubbed the “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration.” The event, broadcast live nationally, will be headlined by country stars Toby Keith and Lee Greenwood and feature a fireworks finale.

Trump is expected to spend Thursday night at Blair House, the presidential guest residence across the street from the White House.

Friday, January 20th 2017

Morning – Trump, Pence and their families are expected to attend services at St. John’s Episcopal Church, just steps from the White House.

Afterward, President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama welcome Trump and his wife Melania to the White House for morning tea. The two couples will then travel together to the Capitol by motorcade.

♦ 9:30 am – Inauguration ceremony begins on the west front of the Capitol with musical performances.

Attendees will include members of Congress, Supreme Court justices, diplomats and the public. Former presidents Jimmy Carter, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton will attend, as will Trump’s election opponent Hillary Clinton.

Former president George H.W. Bush is in frail health and will not be present.

Sixteen-year-old soprano Jackie Evancho will sing the national anthem. The Rockettes dance troupe will also be performing, at a time yet to be announced.

♦ 11:30 am – Opening remarks. Religious leaders will offer the invocation and readings.

Pence will be sworn in by Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.

♦ Noon – Trump will recite the oath of office, administered by US Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts. He will use president Abraham Lincoln’s inauguration Bible, as well as the Bible that Trump’s mother gave to him at his Sunday school graduation in 1955. Afterward, Trump will deliver his inaugural address.

♦ 12:30 Ceremony ends.

Afterward, in keeping with tradition, Trump and Pence will attend the Congressional Lunch in the Capitol.

♦ 3 pm to 5 pm – Inaugural parade. The newly minted president and vice-president make their way 1.5 miles (2.4 kilometers) along Pennsylvania Avenue from the Capitol to the White House, trailed by some 8,000 parade participants. They will include members of all US military branches, as well as high school and university marching bands, equestrian corps, first responders, veteran groups and even a tractor brigade.

♦ 7 pm to 11 pm – Trump, Pence and their wives will make appearances at three official inaugural balls, two of which will be held at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center and the other at the National Building Museum. A number of semi-official and unofficial balls also will take place throughout the city.

Saturday, Jan 21 2017

♦ 10 am to 11 am – Trump and Pence attend the interfaith National Prayer Service, held at the Washington National Cathedral.

(click map to enlarge)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128213,"Kim Jong Il

PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — Kim Jong Il, North Korea’s mercurial and enigmatic longtime leader, has died of heart failure. He was 69.

In a “special broadcast” Monday from the North Korean capital, state media said Kim died of a heart ailment on a train due to a “great mental and physical strain” on Dec. 17 during a “high intensity field inspection.” It said an autopsy was done on Dec. 18 and “fully confirmed” the diagnosis.

Kim is believed to have suffered a stroke in 2008, but he had appeared relatively vigorous in photos and video from recent trips to China and Russia and in numerous trips around the country carefully documented by state media. The communist country’s “Dear Leader” – reputed to have had a taste for cigars, cognac and gourmet cuisine – was believed to have had diabetes and heart disease.

“It is the biggest loss for the party … and it is our people and nation’s biggest sadness,” an anchorwoman clad in black Korean traditional dress said in a voice choked with tears. She said the nation must “change our sadness to strength and overcome our difficulties.”

South Korean media, including Yonhap news agency, said South Korea put its military on “high alert” and President Lee Myung-bak convened a national security council meeting after the news of Kim’s death. Officials couldn’t immediately confirm the reports.

The news came as North Korea prepared for a hereditary succession. Kim Jong Il inherited power after his father, revered North Korean founder Kim Il Sung, died in 1994.

In September 2010, Kim Jong Il unveiled his third son, the twenty-something Kim Jong Un, as his successor, putting him in high-ranking posts.

Traffic in the North Korean capital was moving as usual Monday, but people in the streets were in tears as they learned the news of Kim’s death. A foreigner contacted at Pyongyang’s Koryo Hotel said hotel staff were in tears.

Asian stock markets moved lower amid the news, which raises the possibility of increased instability on the divided Korean peninsula. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126363,"There is no doubt the DNC is 100% in the tank for Hillary Clinton; to claim otherwise is to be obtuse beyond the scope of intellectual honesty. Bernie Sanders has been up against the Clinton machine for the past several months. Things are now becoming untenable within the campaigns, and no-one does ‘nasty’ like the Clintons, no-one.

WASHINGTON DC – A civil war erupted within the Democratic Party on Friday after news that Bernie Sanders’ campaign took advantage of a technological glitch to access, search and save one of Hillary Clinton’s most valuable campaign assets — her voter files.

Tension rapidly escalated throughout the day as the Democratic National Committee cut off Sanders’ access to his own voter files, effectively crippling his field operation, and the senator retaliated by suing the party and accusing its leaders of plotting to hand the presidential nomination to Clinton.

By the end of the day, the front-runner’s campaign struck back, accusing Sanders’ team of stealing millions of dollars worth of data, all to raise cash off a false narrative that the establishment is against him.

“They stole data as a reason to raise money for their campaign,” Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told reporters Friday night after Sanders’ campaign sent supporters a fundraising email titled, “Urgent: DNC tipping the scales for Hillary Clinton.”

Mook characterized the data that was taken as the “fundamental keys of our campaign” and the “strategic road map.”

But to Sanders’ camp, that was beside the point. The saga, to Sanders’ aides, was proof of the Clinton favoritism it has long suspected at the DNC.

“The leadership of the Democratic National Committee is now actively attempting to undermine our campaign. This is unacceptable,” said Sanders’ campaign manager Jeff Weaver, on the eve of the third Democratic debate. “Individual leaders of the DNC can support Hillary Clinton in any way they want, but they are not going to sabotage our campaign — one of the strongest grassroots campaigns in modern history.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128010,"Trying to trip up Herman Cain, Soros funded Think Progress attempts to catch Herman Cain. They failed:

THINK PROGRESS FAILURE: Mr. Cain, you recently came under fire for your comments about the kind of people you would appoint to your cabinet. Would you be opposed to appointing an openly gay but qualified person to be in your cabinet?

THE GREAT HERMAN CAIN: Nope, not at all. I wouldn’t have a problem with that at all. I just want people who are qualified, I want them to believe in the Constitution of the United States of America. So yep, I don’t have a problem with appointing an openly gay person. Because they’re not going to try to put sharia law in our laws.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125753,"CNN/WMUR have conducted another poll of New Hampshire voters (full pdf below). Candidate Donald Trump extends his lead and is now positioned (34%) solidly 20 points higher than second place Ted Cruz. Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio are tied for third place with 10% each.

Notice how Kasich is no-where close to the continual ARG polls (20%)?

Candidate Donald Trump is also winning significantly on the key issues.

Washington (CNN) – Donald Trump holds a 20-point lead in the New Hampshire Republican primary, a new CNN/WMUR poll shows.

Behind him, there’s still a scrum for second place — with support for No. 2, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, on the rise. Trump is backed by 34% of those likely to vote in New Hampshire’s February 9 GOP primary, more than double his nearest contender, Cruz, who has 14% support. (read more)

15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! pic.twitter.com/XsOeREiYuA — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 20, 2016

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223921,"Almost too much winning… almost, but I think we can take it. The New York federal reserve has raised their anticipated fourth quarter GDP growth forecast to 3.8%. That’s only a week after previously raising it to 3.2%.

The Stock Market closes again at yet another all time high today:

Yup, as widely anticipated, the impact from Trump’s MAGAnomic policies are creating a massive upward dynamic on the Main Street economy. The increase in consumer confidence; the recent increases in wages; the increase in disposable income as an outcome of lowered energy costs and downward prices on high consumables (fuel, food, etc.); the increases in housing starts; the reductions in imported durables; the expansion of exports in energy products and agriculture, and the expanding domestic investment, are all factors in expanding the GDP.

The NY Fed have revised their projection upward to 3.8%, and THAT’S BEFORE they get a first analysis on holiday spending (due out the end of the month); and well before they can quantify the November and December retail sales results which account for two-thirds of GDP math. So don’t be surprised, as we shared on their last revision, if you see that GDP growth number go much higher.

Oh, the winning…. squeeze the kids. REMEMBER:

…”Hold on to your economic britches peeps – throw dem ju-ju bones out the windows – grab hold of the young-un’s, squeeze em tight and introduce them to their first opportunity to see capitalism unchained; we are in uncharted MAGA territory now. Q4 will be well beyond 3.2% 3.8%… Well Beyond.”…

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224669,"Video surveillance of a shooting on May 24, 2014, at the Fountainbleau Inn at 701 Flagg St., was released by Myrtle Beach police to identify the suspect, a man in a white tank top and black shorts.

Police ask that anyone who can identify the suspect(s) in the video, or who witnessed the Memorial Day weekend shooting, or anyone who has cellphone video to email btruex@cityofmyrtlebeach.com or call 918-1382.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
134139,"Meanwhile the man who organized the hoax has a full time TV show on MSNBC and continues his race-baiting enterprises…… Go look up the entire story of *how* Tawana Brawley was handled, and you’ll see how eerily similar it is to Rachel Jeantel….

New York Post – Twenty-five years after accusing an innocent man of rape, Tawana Brawley is finally paying for her lies.

Last week, 10 checks totaling $$3,764.61 were delivered to ex-prosecutor Steven Pagones — the first payments Brawley has made since a court determined in 1998 that she defamed him with her vicious hoax.

A Virginia court this year ordered the money garnisheed from six months of Brawley’s wages as a nurse there.

She still owes Pagones $$431,000 in damages. And she remains defiantly unapologetic.

“It’s a long time coming,” said Pagones, 52, who to this day is more interested in extracting a confession from Brawley than cash.

“Every week, she’ll think of me,” he told The Post. “And every week, she can think about how she has a way out — she can simply tell the truth.”

Brawley’s advisers in the infamous race-baiting case — the Rev. Al Sharpton, and attorneys C. Vernon Mason and Alton Maddox — have already paid, or are paying, their defamation debt. But Brawley, 41, had eluded punishment.

She’s now forced to pay Pagones $$627 each month, possibly for the rest of her life. Under Virginia law, she can appeal the wage garnishment every six months. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
7459,"Wow. Carl Icahn is putting $150 million toward creating his Super-PAC which will target political policy aimed to stop U.S. corporate business inversions, and promote repatriation of money held offshore.

Icahn is a very good friend of Candidate Donald Trump and one of the few pro-U.S. billionaires who believe in American exceptionalism.

Icahn and Trump are part of a rare club of business leaders who, while being part of the billionaire investor class, are more Pro-Main Street than Wall Street.

(VIA REUTERS) Billionaire investor activist Carl Icahn tweeted on Wednesday that he is forming a Super PAC with an initial commitment of $150 million, representing the biggest one-time injection of money in the history of such political action committees.

Icahn, who supports presidential candidate Donald Trump, said he is targeting “inversions,” which occur when a company changes its domicile, often outside the United States, to take advantage of lower tax rates elsewhere.

“Right now, as we speak, there are many companies planning to leave this country,” Icahn said in an interview with CNBC. “It’s so simple to do something about it, it’s a no-brainer.”

Icahn said on CNBC that the incentive for companies to leave the U.S. via inversion deals could be eliminated by legislation allowing big companies to repatriate funds held offshore at a discounted tax rate – an approach also favored by Trump.

In a letter, released Wednesday and sent to several leading members of Congress, Icahn said as many as 50 companies have left the U.S. over the past few years, representing more than a half-trillion dollars in market value, costing hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes and lost jobs. (read more)

The timing of this announcement, against the backdrop of Wall Street going “all in” to support Hillary Clinton, is most-likely not coincidence.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45522,"(Philly.com) – (h/t Patriot Dreamer)…This story was updated at 11 a.m. Tuesday, Sept. 27. ABOUT 11 P.M. on Sept. 9, dozens of youths with bats and pipes descended on a tidy residential area of Port Richmond looking for white teens who allegedly had attacked an African-American kid at Stokely Playground a couple of hours earlier.

Two fearful white teens spotted Mark LaVelle on Indiana Avenue near Belgrade Street and asked for help. Suddenly, the mob appeared. LaVelle, who said that he didn’t know the two kids, who looked to be 13 or 14, ran with them into his nearby house.

” ‘We got you, you white mother——-!’ ” LaVelle said he heard someone yell in the “mob” of black and Hispanic youths. Inside his house, LaVelle, 37, called to his wife, Kim, 30, to go to their bedroom with their twin 13-month-old boys, Mark and Mason, and to call police. He also ordered his two other sons, 11 and 17, and his nephew, 7, to stay upstairs. With the two teens hiding in the house, LaVelle, 5 feet 10, 220 pounds, a well-known sports-league organizer and coach in the community, went outside to try to calm the angry mob.

They were standing on his steps. One shouted, ” ‘Something’s going to happen now!’ ” LaVelle recalled in an interview Friday at his house. LaVelle got nervous and went back inside, locking his door with a deadbolt. But the attackers pounded on his front windows and kicked his wooden door so hard, it flew open and some of them entered his house.

“The first guy hits me with a pipe. The second guy knocks me in the face. All I’m hearing is my wife and kids screaming,” said LaVelle, who feared that the next time they saw him, he would be in a casket. He said that he was able to push the attackers out the door, but then a third man – who had a gun – tried to extend his arm. LaVelle grabbed onto the gunman’s lower arm and shoulder so he couldn’t raise the weapon. Then, police sirens screamed in the neighborhood, and the mob turned and ran.

LaVelle was able to identify three of the people from the melee. He said he did not know if they had been chasing the white teenagers, or if they were just trying to find someone to attack. Police arrested Bergson Morin, 21, of Rosehill Street near Wyoming Avenue, Feltonville, as the man with the gun. They arrested Enrique Delgado, 32, of Rockland and C streets, Feltonville, as the man who hit LaVelle with the pipe. And they arrested a 17-year-old juvenile as the one who punched LaVelle in the face, giving him a black eye.

LaVelle said that the next day the mother of the juvenile came back with some other people, banging on his door, screaming. LaVelle, who was at a charity sports event, was called back to the house by one of his sons. When he got home, LaVelle said, the mother yelled at him, ” ‘You white mother——, you got my kid locked up! You got my son locked up because he’s black, you’re white!’ ” The mother claimed that her son had been “a witness,” not an attacker. To that, LaVelle said if that were true, it would come out in court. But the mother, according to LaVelle, then yelled: ” ‘If you make it to court! I know where you live!’ ” Police public affairs could not confirm yesterday if the mother has been arrested for making threats.

Patty-Pat Kozlowski, president of the Port Richmond on Patrol and Civic Association, said that police told her that the attack on LaVelle stemmed from the incident at Stokely Playground, Indiana Avenue and Thompson Street, a few blocks from LaVelle’s house. She heard that an African-American “kid got knocked off his bike or fell off” and white kids were laughing at him. The group of African-Americans and Hispanics came back for retaliation, Kozlowski believes. She said she didn’t know any of the people involved in the playground incident or in the attack on LaVelle. LaVelle said he also did not know anyone involved.

Morin and Delgado, who face charges of aggravated assault, conspiracy, burglary, weapons and related offenses, were scheduled to face a preliminary hearing in Municipal Court today, but the hearing got postponed to Nov. 7. Delgado, who is in state prison, was not brought down to the city. Also, both defense attorneys requested a lineup in the case, which the judge granted. Morin is in custody in county prison. Their family members could not be reached for comment Monday. Freddy Godoy, Delgado’s attorney, said yesterday that someone Delgado knows “was probably related to the child” who was attacked in the playground. But he contends that Delgado was not one of the people who attacked LaVelle. Richard Patton, Morin’s attorney, declined comment yesterday.

Kozlowski, a legislative aide to City Councilwoman Joan Krajewski and a lifelong Port Richmond resident, wrote about the attack in The Spirit community newspaper, which serves the river wards. Since then, the story has created a lot of buzz in the predominantly white neighborhood. Kozlowski and Maryann Trombetta, president of the Port Richmond Town Watch, both recalled the murder of Sean Daily, a white teen who was beaten and shot by bat-wielding youths, mostly Latino, in May 1989. They don’t believe that the attack on LaVelle started as a racial incident, but believe that there was a racial element to it when the mob “called him a white mother——” and when the juvenile’s mother allegedly threatened LaVelle.

LaVelle, who runs sports leagues composed of youths and adults of different races, said he doesn’t want any retaliation on the people who attacked him. But the attack has instilled fear in him and his family, and he hopes that there will be more of a police presence in the neighborhood.

His wife is afraid to stay at home, and “every time I hear a car, I’m looking out the door,” he said. “It’s not a good way to live.”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45452,"I am trying to find out whether Youcef Nararkhani is still alive, or has he been put to death as sentenced. I thought you might be interested in this letter he wrote from prison while awaiting his fate. This letter has been … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126371,"Someone found something interesting on U-Tube. Last night Hillary Clinton claimed ISIS was using propaganda videos containing Donald Trump.

First, here is Clinton’s claim – along with CNN quickly trying to divert attention away from it: “we’ll leave that aside”:

No-one has been able to substantiate Hillary Clinton, leading to many anticipating Team Clinton working furiously today to create a video they could point to and claim was the one she mentioned.

However, Perhaps this is the video Hillary was referencing; and if so, it would appear she misinterpreted the message (that’s typical of a Clinton though):

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224636,"Candidate Donald Trump is holding his second campaign event today in Colorado with a rally at the Wings Over the Rockies Air & Space Museum in Denver, CO. Live stream coverage will begin at 7:00pm (Local MT), 9:00pm Eastern:

Live Stream Link – Alternate Live Stream #1 – Alternate Live Stream #2

Politics!? Fire Marshall won't let more of the #TrumpTrain🚂💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸in the venue! WE WILL BE BACK SOON!! We love ya! pic.twitter.com/qWKeiikwfW — Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) July 29, 2016

Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! pic.twitter.com/wK02fWzJey — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33485,"A soup to nuts deconstruction of the lies and obfuscations by the media in the Trayvon Martin case. Along with what verified fact based information we can gather.

What a difference a week makes.

Throughout the past week more new facts surrounding Trayvon Martin have been discovered thanks to the New Media doing the work the Institutional Lame Stream Legacy Media intentionally refuses to do. Simultaneously we discover how many lies and falsehoods are continuing. Yesterday’s updates include:

In short. This is perhaps the biggest national racial event since Rodney King. It is also shaping up to be the biggest media driven false public story since Richard Jewell. It’s in the process of becoming a watershed event; And, as more facts surface, it continues to look almost entirely fake. It’s a tempest in a tea-cup.

The whole thing is an institutionally media-generated racialist/socialist psycho-political agitator’s dream come true.

Today we will update and continue to outline and contrast the false narrative sold by the Legacy media types, TV, Print and Radio including: ABC, NBC, CBS, MSNBC, FOX, CNN, PBS, Associated Press, Reuters Media, USA Today, New York Times and other like-minded affiliates.

For the sake of these continuing posts we are going to focus entirely on Trayvon Martin and not the infinite various nuances and side stories spinning out of the false narrative. I apologize for the length, but accuracy matters and context is needed.

SUMMARY of Content: In summary we now know that Trayvon Martin was not the innocent 17-year-old (junior year) High School kid portrayed by the media as: a football player, a volunteer mentor, a math loving student, and loving respectful child, who was serving a five day ten day suspension for tardiness. This was, and is, a complete fabrication. The truth is divergent in the extreme.

But that picture of an innocent child was exactly what the media wanted to sell, because it fit their chosen narrative.

The media even doctored photographs to make Trayvon look more child like.

It is also what the professional race-baiting Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, New Black Panther party wanted to portray; and it should be mentioned at the time of this writing they are still bitterly clinging to it. But losing grip rapidly.

Real photo Doctored By Media Photo

When the truth is being presented, one does not have to work so hard to control, portray, obfuscate and spin. The media have been working very hard because the media has not been presenting ‘the truth’.

But now, against the shere weight of the truth-telling, research, and presentation of facts by the New Media, the Legacy media is beginning to backtrack. Their false construction is crumbling around them.

However, we are not going to let them just skulk back into the shadows. They, the media, created this mess – and make no mistake, this is a huge mistake – and now they are going to be forced to own it. All of it.

We will not allow the media to turn George Zimmerman into Richard Jewell. Not this time. This time we push back. Truth is on our side.

False – The media initially reported that Trayvon was suspended from school for five days because he was tardy. That narrative soon changed to the more truthful ten days. However, they missed the reasoning and a little research revealed much more.

Truth – We now know that Trayvon Martin was suspended from school THREE times in this school year. We do not know the details of the first suspension. But Trayvon Martin was suspended the second time from school in October 2011 for an incident in which he was found in possession of stolen women’s jewelry and a screwdriver that a schools security staffer described as a “burglary tool,” The Miami Herald has learned.

According to the report, on Oct. 21 staffers monitoring a security camera at Dr. Michael M. Krop Senior High School spotted Trayvon and two other students writing “W.T.F.,” an acronym for “What the f—,” on a hallway locker, according to schools police. The security employee, who knew Trayvon, confronted the teen and looked through his bag for the graffiti marker.

Trayvon’s backpack contained 12 pieces of jewelry, in addition to a watch and a large flathead screwdriver, according to the report, which described the screwdriver as a burglary tool.

“Martin was suspended, warned and dismissed for the graffiti,” according to the report prepared by Miami-Dade Schools Police.

Then in February 2012 that second suspension was followed four months later by another one, in which Trayvon was caught with an empty plastic bag with traces of marijuana in it AND a pipe. A schools police report obtained by The Miami Herald specifies two items: a bag with marijuana residue and a “marijuana pipe.”Trayvon was again suspended. This time for ten days.

You can read much more about Trayvon’s drug involvement at Wagist. Click HERE

The Martin family and attorneys et al are furious about the release of background school information to ABC news. Because one of their lawyers, Ben Crump, had filed an injunction to “seal” Trayvon’s school and criminal records earlier this month as soon as he was retained.

The parents argue the background information on Trayvon is irrelevant, yet simultaneously proclaim the background information on George Zimmerman is vital. A tenuous position at best because one of the points of contention is the behavior of both during their encounter.

False – Trayvon was a respectful peer and role model mentor.

Truth – Trayvon left a trail of communication from his twitter account that is retrievable via google cache. His screen name was “NO_LIMIT_NIGGA” and his words speak for themselves. You can read 152 pages of his twitter communication at DAILY CALLER.

However – Warning, explicit language.

The Daily Caller has identified a second Twitter handle that was used by the late Trayvon Martin during the last weeks of 2011. Tweeting in December under the name “T33ZY TAUGHT M3,” Martin sent a message that read, “Plzz shoot da #mf dat lied 2 u!”

There are also concerning discussions within the twitter communication from Trayvon’s friends about his violent encounter with a School Bus Driver. In the conversation Trayvon is discussing having punched the bus driver in the face.

A reasonable person would think the media would be interested in this aspect. Alas, once again the media shows they only report on that which affirms their pre-scripted narrative. Someone tell Anderson Cooper that it shouldn’t be hard to find that bus driver….. wait, nevermind.

Another picture of Trayvon’s right arm tattoo and physique:

Financial Opportunism

Trayvons mother also applied for Trademarks on his name last week.

Sabrina Fulton (Trayvon’s Mom) is seeking Trademarks for the phrases “I Am Trayvon” and “Justice for Trayvon,” according to filings made last week with the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

In both instances, Fulton is seeking the trademarks for use on “Digital materials, namely, CDs and DVDs featuring Trayvon Martin,” and other products.

The March 21 USPTO applications, each of which cost $325, were filed by an Orlando, Florida law firm representing Fulton.

Odd no? How many “grieving parents do you know that would be concerned with “Trademarking” their dead child’s name? And why?

But then again, the Trayvon “Brand” would be more marketable and valuable if the constructed image of the innocent child victim could continue.

Alas, now it becomes clear, why all of those people who stand to profit from the death of Trayvon, consider any fact based, or truthful, information too risky to the Trayvon brand.

This also explains why Sabrina Fulton (Mom) and Tracy Martin (Dad) hired an attorney named Benjamin Crump. The very first action that Crump took upon retention was to file an injunction to “seal” Trayvon’s school and criminal records. Thereby trying to hide the troubling background.

Discovery of Trayvon’s background presented a risk. Not just a risk of character assassination toward their son per se, but a risk to the “brand image” being created. A financial risk. In addition, various Black organizations have invested themselves in the outcome of this case. Controlling the “image narrative” is a key component to their continuing ability capitalize.

All Lawyered Up..

One of the key aspects of this fiasco to keep in mind is the “inability” of George Zimmerman to publicly defend himself or tell his story. Yet the family of Trayvon Martin, and their supporters, can talk 24/7 to every media outlet and personality.

It seems every day a new legal representative face appears in the media, or even on Capitol Hill as an attorney for Tracy Martin (Dad) or Sabrina Fulton (Mom). A partial list of their known lawyers are:

Benjamin Crump Esq. (Family/Natl Media) Daryl D Parks Esq. (Family/Natl Media/Gov’t Relations) Ms. Jasmine Rand Esq. (Natl Media/Public Relations) Ms. Areva Martin Esq. (Family/Natl Media) Ms. Kimra Major-Morris Esq. (Financial/Family/Media)

This composes only a partial list of the National legal team hired by Trayvon’s family. Compared to Crump, Parks, Rand, Martin and Major-Morris, George Zimmerman is at a significant narrative disadvantage. And this doesn’t include the Florida States Attorney General’s office “Angela Corey”, from the Jacksonville Division, who is conducting the investigation with her 65+ person support team of prosecutors and investigators. Indeed, A flea looking into a furnace.

Also he cannot share his side of the story for two more reasons:

First, because he is literally under threat of bodily harm and injury. The New Black Panther party has placed a MILLION DOLLAR bounty on his head, “Wanted Dead or Alive”, and tens of thousands of people are rallying daily with the Black Panthers and professional race-baiters.

Even Spike Lee tweeted the address of Zimmerman’s home to his 248,000 followers. Fortunately for Zimmerman Spike Lee sent out the wrong address. However, profoundly unfortunate for the 70-year-old couple living there now housebound with around the clock security. 😦

Secondly, if Zimmerman was to speak now every word, nuance, phrase and intonation would be scrutinized by not only the media, but by law enforcement who are under extreme pressure to arrest Zimmerman, with or without legal merit. He has been advised to keep quiet. He cannot talk without a ridiculous amount of risk.

THE 2005 ZIMMERMAN “ASSAULT” CASE

Another fabrication the media allows to continue without correction surrounds a prior 2005 arrest (non-conviction) of George Zimmerman. The media and talking heads have repeated this mantra long enough to embed it in the psyche of almost every reader/listener. They frame the arrest as a battery charge against a police officer.

But whoa… wait a minute. Arrest with NON-Conviction. Huh? Well the details are more nuanced and they prefer you not to know the full story because the headline fits their narrative, the content doesn’t.

In 2005 Zimmerman was in a bar having a drink with a friend. Unbeknownst to them an undercover sting operation was going on inside the bar with police officers posing as patrons to catch bar operators selling alcohol to minors.

An altercation between one of the undercover (regular clothes) officers and a friend of Zimmerman took place. Zimmerman thought his buddy was about to be in a bar fight so he interjected and shoved the guy away from his friend. The guy was part of the sting. Out of spite for the shove, and potentially frustration for no minor alcohol sales, they arrested Zimmerman and his pal.

One media outlet did report truthfully. ONLY ONE.

In 2005, Zimmerman was charged with resisting arrest with violence. State alcohol agents said Zimmerman pushed them while they were arresting a friend of his during an underage drinking operation at a bar. Zimmerman avoided a conviction by going into a pretrial program that is offered to people with no prior arrests.

FACTS

On Feb. 26, when Zimmerman first spotted Trayvon, he called police and reported a suspicious person. He called the non-emergency phone number not 911. He was taught to call this number by police as part of the Neighborhood Watch program. He was asked by the police operator a question about describing the person. The operator specifically asked “is he black, white, or Hispanic” Zimmerman described Trayvon as a black male, wearing a grey or dark hoodie, acting strangely and perhaps on drugs.

Initial reports reflected that Zimmerman was fulfilling his shift on the neighborhood watch patrol. However, according to his brother Robert, George was not “patrolling”, George was driving to Target to go shopping when he noticed Trayvon acting suspiciously.

Zimmerman was Captain of the Neighborhood watch program because the Home Owners Association voted him as such. In this gated community there were eight burglaries, nine thefts, and a shooting just in the past year.

In fact, the local homeowners’ association reports that George Zimmerman actually caught one thief and aided in the apprehension of other criminals. The Miami Herald wrote about this on March 17th. None of the thousands of articles and cable news segments that came after, thought this was important.

In fact the Miami Herald goes on to interview neighbor, Ibrahim Rashada, who is black. Rashada confirms that there has been a lot of crime in the neighborhood and indicates to the reporter that the perpetrators are usually black.

One of the commonly repeated media narratives is of George Zimmerman being a vigilante type personality. Nothing could be further from the truth as outlined in this report from an investigative piece done by The Philadelphia Enquirer, and intentionally ignored by all other National Media Outlets:

[…] people are wondering if the 28-year-old Zimmerman is an earnest if somewhat zealous young man who was just looking out for his neighborhood, or a wannabe cop who tried to take justice into his own hands.

Attorneys for Martin’s parents say Zimmerman is a “loose cannon.”

“He’s a wannabe police officer,” lawyer Benjamin Crump said. “Why did he have a gun?”

But some neighbors welcomed his vigilance, at least before the shooting.

Samantha Leigh Hamilton, an auto-dealership employee who has lived on Zimmerman’s street for about a year, said that she once left her garage door up and Zimmerman noticed it while out walking his dog. He notified another neighbor, who let Hamilton know.

“The only impression I have of George Zimmerman is a good one,” Hamilton said Wednesday.

Hamilton said another neighbor, a black woman, would regularly inform Zimmerman when she was out-of-town so that he could keep an eye on her place. Hamilton said that when she moved into the middle-class, racially mixed community of about 250 identical townhouses, the black neighbor told her, “Hey, if you need anything, you picked a really good area, since George is part of our neighborhood watch.”

Zimmerman, who was captain of the neighborhood watch and licensed to carry a gun, made 46 calls to police since 2004, according to department records.

Hamilton said there had been several break-ins in the past year, including one three doors away in which burglars took a TV and laptops.

“When I hear about him calling the police constantly, it kind of makes sense to me because we had so many break-ins recently,” she said.

The homeowners association’s February newsletter said that Sanford police had beefed up patrols in the neighborhood and that officers on bicycles were making random checks of front yards and backyards. It was not clear how big the neighborhood watch was, but Zimmerman was the dominant force.

“If you’ve been the victim of a crime within the community, after calling the police, please contact our captain, George Zimmerman … so we can be aware and help address the issue with other residents,” the newsletter said. It added that the neighborhood watch group was looking for more participants at its monthly meetings.

Zimmerman moved with his parents from Manassas, Va., to Florida about a decade ago. He lived with his parents in nearby Lake Mary for several years before moving to the Retreat at Twin Lakes, records show. He lives in the gated community with his wife, Shellie, a licensed cosmetologist, but is now in hiding because of death threats. (read more)



George Zimmerman would not know Trayvon Martin because Trayvon was visiting, staying with his Dad’s girlfriend in the Orlando sub-division. Both the Dad and the girlfriend were not supervising Trayvon at the time. Neither adult were home.

Much controversy has been “created” by the media about the fact Zimmerman was “following” Trayvon, as if that represented some form of unusual behavior.

Zimmerman was driving to Target when he noticed Trayvon outside the community clubhouse. Being as he is captain of the Neighborhood watch patrol, of course he’s gonna follow the suspicious person. That’s what concerned citizens do. See something suspicious – Say something to police – and Keep watch. DUH?

This point is not in contention by either Zimmerman, his attorney, or the other side. It is a manufactured talking point of the race-baiters. AND it is being promoted by an agenda driven biased media.

While on the phone with police George Zimmerman stopped the car and got out of his SUV to follow Trayvon on foot.

When a dispatch employee asked Zimmerman if he was following the 17-year-old, Zimmerman said yes. The dispatcher told Zimmerman he “did not need to do that”. Zimmerman replied “OK”, and immediately turned back toward his SUV.

There is an exceptional breakdown of the timeline including maps of the complex available at Wagist “Evidence that Trayvon Martin Doubled Back“. I highly recommend readers visit the analysis including a timeline, maps, and phone records which substantiate Zimmerman’s account of losing sight of Trayvon, and being confronted while en-route back to his vehicle.

0:15 – The best address I can give you is the clubhouse. [A]

– The best address I can give you is the clubhouse. [A] 0:45 – He’s just staring at the houses. Now he’s staring at me.

– He’s just staring at the houses. Now he’s staring at me. 1:00 – He’s coming towards me.

– He’s coming towards me. 1:20 – He’s coming to check me out.

– He’s coming to check me out. 2:08 – Shit, he’s running.

– Shit, he’s running. 2:14 – Sound of truck door being closed. [C]

– Sound of truck door being closed. [C] 2:20 – He’s heading towards the back entrance. [referring to E]

– He’s heading towards the back entrance. [referring to E] 2:25 – Are you following him? Yep.

– Are you following him? Yep. 2:45 – He ran… Zimmerman stops and completes the 911 call. [E]

– He ran… Zimmerman stops and completes the 911 call. [E] 3 :05 – Call ends.

Visit the entire construction at Wagist

Much false controversy has been made about the police dispatcher instructing Zimmerman not to follow the person (Trayvon), but it really is a moot point. It is standard protocol for all operators to say “do not engage” or in this case “we don’t need you to do that”, because they are trained to avoid liability by police departments fearful of being sued. As soon as the police dispatcher told him not to follow, he stopped, turned around and attempted to walk back to his vehicle.

There is about a one-minute gap during which police say they’re not sure what happened next.

According to the police report George Zimmerman told them he lost sight of Trayvon and was walking back to his SUV when Trayvon approached him from the left rear, and they exchanged words.

Trayvon asked Zimmerman if he had a problem. Zimmerman said no and reached for his cell phone, he told police. Trayvon then said, “Well, you do now” or something similar and punched Zimmerman in the nose, according to the account he gave police. His nose was broken and bleeding when police arrived.

Zimmerman fell to the ground and Trayvon got on top of him and began slamming his head into the sidewalk, he told police.

An independent witness from the next house [G-above] gave the same descriptive to police of Trayvon on top of Zimmerman punching him and pulling his head up and down slamming it into the sidewalk.

Zimmerman began yelling for help.

Several witnesses heard those cries, and there has been a dispute about whether they came from Zimmerman or Trayvon. Lawyers for Trayvon’s family say it was Trayvon, but police say their evidence indicates it was actually Zimmerman requesting help.

One witness, named John, who has since talked to local television news reporters, told police he saw Zimmerman on the ground with Trayvon on top, “pounding him” — and was unequivocal that it was Zimmerman who was crying for help. He described with specificity what both people were wearing and their exact body positioning.

At this point it becomes imperative to point out one of the most blatant media lies. George Zimmerman’s weight.

The media continues to report that George Zimmerman outweighed Trayvon Martin by 100 lbs. You see that report and justification for the impossibility of physical assault everywhere. It is factually wrong.

How did the false reporting start? A reporter researched a prior 2005 arrest report for George Zimmerman which placed his weight at 248 lbs. So that was what they reported as his 2012 weight. 248 lbs.

In actuality he weighs 170 lbs. Yeah, he lost weight in those 7 years.

No-one, not one reporter or TV talking head bothered to check. The 100/lb weight disparity fit the narrative, so they ran with it. Even now with the facts clearly available the media continues to sell the same lie.

So let’s get this straight once and for all, at least here in the world of factual reality:

George Zimmerman 2005 5′ 8″ @248 lbs

George Zimmerman 2012 5′ 8″ @170 lbs

George Zimmerman is 5 foot 8 inches 170 lbs

Trayvon Martin was between 6 foot even and 6 foot 3 inches (per mom) 160 lbs (according to police report)

IF THEY CAN’T EVEN GET THE DESCRIPTIONS CORRECT WHY WOULD PEOPLE BELIEVE ANYTHING THE MEDIA IS SAYING.?

According to Robert Zimmerman, and the statements that Zimmerman gave during his 5 hour police interrogation. During the scuffle on the ground Trayvon noticed the gun at Zimmerman’s waist. Both Zimmerman and Trayvon began trying to get his handgun out of his belt. Trayvon attempted to get the gun away from Zimmerman. Zimmerman then shot Trayvon once in the chest at very close range, according to authorities.

The impact of the shot thrust Trayvon upward, backward, and partially spun him around to land on his stomach.

The handgun was a Kel-Tec PF9 semiautomatic 9mm pistol. The police took immediate custody of the weapon when they arrived on scene. The gun was recovered with a full magazine and only the chambered round had been fired.

This is a condition associated with something preventing the gun from cycling a fresh round from the magazine into the chamber after the shot was discharged. One thing that can cause this condition is another man’s hand wrapped around the pistol, retarding its slide mechanism.

This would indicate, as the coroner’s office affirmed, that specific gunshot residue patterns and cuts were present in certain places on Trayvon Martin’s hand(s), and that a struggle for a gun was taking place when the fatal shot was fired.

When police arrived less than two minutes later, Zimmerman was bleeding from the broken nose, had a swollen lip, had bloody lacerations on the back of his head and grass located on his back.

Zimmerman was processed as a potential criminal suspect and placed handcuffed in the rear of the second arriving patrol car. Paramedics from the Fire Dept. gave him first aid in the vehicle upon arrival but he said he did not need to go to the hospital. He got medical care the next day.

He was held in the vehicle while preliminary investigation took place and the crime scene was initially processed. The police retained custody of the handgun.

George Zimmerman was transported to the police department where he was questioned, recorded, and processed. The police questioned Zimmerman for five hours at police headquarters without an attorney present, apparently Zimmerman felt he had nothing to hide. The police report noted Zimmerman was “bleeding from the nose and the back of the head.”

There are conflicting reports on what toxological evidence was retrieved from Zimmerman. CBS reports none were done. However, that CBS article appears flawed in that regard. A Police Dept. spokesperson told local Orlando media a full toxicology analysis was completed including, blood tests, breathalyzer and the police took residue and swab samples of his hands, arms and body.

In addition the police took custody of his clothing for further evidence processing.

George Zimmerman was fully cooperative with investigators both on the scene and at the police department. He was noticeably shaken and distressed, but fully cooperated with all questions and gave both written and recorded statements for over five hours.

Zimmerman’s statements were compared against witness statements, and against the recorded phone calls including a timeline analysis. In addition, his statements were compared against the physical evidence at the scene. The following day, detectives reenacted the shooting with Zimmerman at the scene.

After intensive questioning, George Zimmerman was released from custody pending further investigation. The police retained custody of the handgun and clothing of Mr. Zimmerman.

Zimmerman sought medical treatment the following day for his nose, head, face and anxiety.

Trayvon’s body was evaluated, autopsied, and crime scene processed by the coroner’s office.

The following day the police re-created the events with George Zimmerman on the scene.

Who was Trayvon Martin? For the police this became a question difficult to answer. Unfortunately Trayvon was unknown to anyone at the scene, surrounding residences, investigators, police, or any person available for contact within the community.

Completely understandable when you consider Trayvon lived in North Miami, and no-one within the gated Orlando community was familiar with him or where he was from.

It is important to remember that neither Trayvon’s father Tracy Martin, nor his father’s girlfriend were home within the community at the time of the shooting.

Hence the delay in police figuring out who this John Doe actually was.

The shooting happened at approximately 7:15pm on 2/26. Trayvon’s parents were tracked down and notified on 2/28. Between those times, no-one in the Martin family has described making any effort to locate Trayvon. Nor has any Martin family member described themselves filing a missing person report.

ODD STUFF

There is one odd Point of contention from the Mitchell family about a “supposed” phone call Trayvon made during the time Zimmerman was following him.

The call was reportedly to Trayvon’s girlfriend in Miami, who has, according to the Mitchell’s completed an affidavit stating that Trayvon told her on the phone he was being followed.

Both Trayvon’s parents, and their attorney Benjamin Crump think this phone call is an important aspect because it shows George Zimmerman was “following” Trayvon Martin.

The family thinks it is so important they had the girlfriend swear an affidavit to that affect. However, something doesn’t smell right about this because again today we discover something new. There is a lie embedded in this entire “phone call” narrative, but what aspect is false is yet unknown.

Why so sure?

Tonight, Tuesday (3-27) on CNN Piers Morgan Show Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi was questioned about the case and some general aspects surrounding the ongoing investigation. During the conversation about wanting to get to the bottom of everything. Pam Bondi specifically stated that Trayvon’s girlfriend had previously been unwilling to cooperate with police.

Bondi stated she was hopeful that Trayvon’s girlfriend would now become more cooperative, because since the time of the initial early investigation, up to and including all subsequent inquiries, she has been unwilling to talk to police or provide records of the phone call. She has refused numerous times to be interviewed and would not provide a statement to police, nor allow herself to be interviewed even with legal representation.

As of Friday night March 30th according to Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump, Trayvon’s girlfriend still had not talked to police. She was refusing to give sworn testimony, or a sworn statement.

Why? Well, I’ve got a strong hunch, but it is supposition so I’ll not go there because for the sake of intellectual honesty every cintilla of verbage on this subject up to this point is factual, fact based, and verifiable.

However, I’m not sure why this phone call is even a point of contention.

Again, neither the police, nor Zimmerman dispute the fact Trayvon was being followed by Zimmerman. If anything it leads further credibility to Zimmerman’s explanation of events.

However, again I note while the parents of Trayvon are stating they are in possession of a sworn affidavit from the girlfriend, she has never allowed herself to swear the same to police or law enforcement. She has refused any and all attempts at being interviewed.

Perhaps even more alarmingly, if she’s being truthful, this aspect does bring up a general common sense question:

“If” this phone call was actually taking place during part of the time Zimmerman was following Trayvon, and if Trayvon told his girlfriend that someone was following him, then why wasn’t anyone worried or looking for Trayvon when he didn’t show up or come home.?

If anything this bit of information makes it even more odd that Mom, Dad, or Trayvon’s girlfriend were not worried even more about where he was.

There are two obvious really tragic aspects to his death. One is the shooting, and a life cut so short.

But with a full measure of brutal honestly, another is the culpability of his non-engaged parents in creating a morally undisciplined teenager.

Their visible outrage now showcased in the media is understandable given their grief. But perhaps a dose of guilt is intertwined.

Apparently it should be.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225148,"“Disparate Impact” is a social justice legal theorem which measures outcomes to standards and practices and determines racial legality.

Example – Under legal interpretation rules of “Disparate Impact” it is unlawful not to hire illegal aliens. If a company uses eligible (legal) work authorization status as a requirement on employment applications (when making hiring decisions), and if the use of legal work eligibility is used as a qualifier, and the eligibility (qualification) standards disqualify a protected class (ethnicity) at a disparate rate, then it is unlawful not to hire illegal aliens.

The civil rights act(s) guaranteed -through law- equality in opportunity. Disparate Impact guarantees -through legal interpretation- equality in outcome.

Today the Supreme Court upheld (5-4) the application of “Disparate Impact Rules” within housing: regulations, loans, credits, locations and subsidies. Justice Kennedy was the determining factor. Thomas Lifson at American Thinker accurately outlines:

[…] As with Obamacare, the Court is engaging in what I propose we call “outcome-based adjudication.” The majority decides what policy it likes, and then rationalizes it, however clumsily. (link)

The consequences will be VAST and will impact YOU. We will also see more gated communities as developers within municipalities seek to mitigate or remove risk of potentially developing land tracts and ending up challenged in court. Zoning and sub-parcels will be subject to judicial review determining if ‘fair shares’ have been apportioned.

The “intent” of zoning or fair housing rules/regs is no longer good enough; the developer or municipality will have to insure the “outcome”.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224028,"Well, at least no-one can ever say CNN is trying to hide the intent of their bias toward President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions.

In a quiet release by CNN they announce Laura Jarrett was hired to cover the Donald Trump Justice Department and the Supreme Court:

[…] the Justice Department and Supreme Court will be covered by Justice and Supreme Court correspondent Pamela Brown, Justice correspondent Evan Perez, Justice reporter Laura Jarrett and Supreme Court reporter Ariane De Vogue. (link)

Even left-wing media view Jarrett’s hire as unusual specifically because she has absolutely no journalism experience and has worked as a private attorney following her graduation from Harvard Law.

In a 2009 article in Vanity Fair Laura Jarrett said it was her ambition to one day work as a TV-news legal analyst, and with the incoming administration of President Trump and General Sessions it appears CNN is particularly interested in oppositional narrative creation.

Quote from 2012:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222601,"Days before candidate Donald Trump announced his intention to visit the flood ravaged area of Louisiana, he had already put in place a donation (a full 18 wheeler) of supplies for the victims of the flood.

CNN accidentally stumbled upon the donation, and Brooke Baldwin reported on it during a 90 second segment. Don’t worry, they won’t air it again:

While Donald Trump and Mike Pence were visiting with Franklin Graham and the fine folks of Samaritans Purse, the donation was quietly being off-loaded in another location.

Donald Trump met with several families, and gave them a message of support and hope. “Stay strong, you’re going to rebuild”.

The security agents assigned to candidate Trump are very protective, twitchy about close physical contact – but Donald Trump reassures them all will be ok.

This is another reminder of what goes on (earlier example here), that people don’t necessarily gain any insight into because it just doesn’t fit the MSM narrative.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
67218,"The latest round of PPP national polling (pdf below) reflects the absolute disconnect between punditry and reality. Despite a month long campaign to push Carly Fiorina to the top of Mount Trumpet she’s going backward. Ergo, we see why the … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122383,"911 Calls, and the corresponding police reports, mysteriously disappear !

Philadelphia has a problem. It’s not a new problem; nor is it a problem that hasn’t been shared before; it has.

A racial problem that has been discussed before with much controversy; quickly reviewed two years ago, and just as quickly swept back under the rug of political correctness.

The problem is growing violence against white people by black thugs. However, now, in 2015, as a result of the local police trying to hide the issue, the problem murmur is worsening. A deep troubling tremor surfacing. Emergency 911 calls outlining violence and even home invasions are being hidden, ignored, and covered up by law enforcement.

In essence this story from last week highlights the safari principle carried out to it’s fullest and most logical conclusion. That is, until the victims say ‘enough is enough’, and confront the police who have stopped trying to maintain law and order.

Up to 200 South Philadelphia residents organized a large protest this week to take a stand against what they describe as “racial attacks” from four black women towards white residents. Residents claim that these four women have been “terrorizing” the neighborhood. Speakers said things like “white lives matter” and held up signs saying things like “We know who you are!” and “White women’s lives matter.” And they’re not just upset at these women, they’re outraged that the police haven’t taken any serious action against them. 911 calls were placed, but there were reportedly zero reports taken. Anonymous individuals told WPVI they’ve either been attacked or witnessed attacks from the four women. One woman claimed they came up to her and were “spitting on me, pounding on my face.” Local city councilman Mark Squilla was part of the protest, and it was reportedly thanks to his involvement that there’s now a report on the matter and an internal investigation into why it didn’t happen sooner.

FLASHBACK 2013 Philadelphia : …[…] “Everyone might have a race story, but few whites risk the third-rail danger of speaking publicly about race, given the long, troubled history of race relations in this country and even more so in this city. Race is only talked about in a sanitized form, when it’s talked about at all, with actual thoughts and feelings buried, which only ups the ante. Race remains the elephant in the room, even on the absurd level of who holds the door to enter a convenience store”. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125374,"Here is the official statement from candidate Donald Trump:

“It is unfortunate that my comments have been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage. I am friends with and employ thousands of people of Mexican and Hispanic descent. The American justice system relies on fair and impartial judges. All judges should be held to that standard. I do not feel that one’s heritage makes them incapable of being impartial, but, based on the rulings that I have received in the Trump University civil case, I feel justified in questioning whether I am receiving a fair trial.

Over the past few weeks, I have watched as the media has reported one inaccuracy after another concerning the ongoing litigation involving Trump University. There are several important facts the public should know and that the media has failed to report.

Throughout the litigation my attorneys have continually demonstrated that students who participated in Trump University were provided a substantive, valuable education based upon a curriculum developed by professors from Northwestern University, Columbia Business School, Stanford University and other respected institutions. And, the response from students was overwhelming.

Over a five year period, more than 10,000 paying students filled out surveys giving the courses high marks and expressing their overwhelming satisfaction with Trump University’s programs. For example:

Former student Tarla Makaeff, the original plaintiff in the litigation, not only completed multiple surveys rating Trump University’s three-day seminar “excellent” in every category, but also praised Trump University’s mentorship program in a glowing 5 plus minute video testimonial. When asked “how could Trump University help to meet [her] goals”, she simply stated “[c]ontinue to offer great classes.” Once the plaintiffs’ lawyers realized how disastrous a witness she was, they asked to have her removed from the case. Over my lawyers’ objections, the judge granted the plaintiffs’ motion, but allowed the case to continue.

Art Cohen, a lead plaintiffs in the litigation, completed a survey in which he not only rated Trump University’s three-day seminar “excellent” in virtually every category, but went so far as to indicate that he would “attend another Trump University seminar” and even “recommend Trump University seminars to a friend.” When asked how Trump University could improve the seminar, Mr. Cohen’s only suggestion was to “[h]ave lunch sandwiches brought in” and make the lunch break 45 minutes.

Former student Bob Giullo, who has been critical of Trump University in numerous interviews and negative advertisements from my political opponents, also expressed his satisfaction, rating Trump University’s programs “excellent” in every category. When asked how Trump University could improve its programs, Mr. Giullo simply asked that students be provided “more comfortable chairs.”

Indeed, these are just a few of literally thousands of positive surveys, all of which can be viewed online at www.98percentapproval.com.

For those students who decided that Trump University’s programs were not for them, the company had a generous refund policy, offering a full refund to any student who asked for their money back within 3 days of signing up for a program or by the end of the first day of any multi-day program, whichever came later.

Normally, legal issues in a civil case would be heard in a neutral environment. However, given my unique circumstances as nominee of the Republican Party and the core issues of my campaign that focus on illegal immigration, jobs and unfair trade, I have concerns as to my ability to receive a fair trial.

I am fighting hard to bring jobs back to the United States. Many companies – like Ford, General Motors, Nabisco, Carrier – are moving production to Mexico. Drugs and illegal immigrants are also pouring across our border. This is bad for all Americans, regardless of their heritage.

Due to what I believe are unfair and mistaken rulings in this case and the Judge’s reported associations with certain professional organizations, questions were raised regarding the Obama appointed Judge’s impartiality. It is a fair question. I hope it is not the case.

While this lawsuit should have been dismissed, it is now scheduled for trial in November. I do not intend to comment on this matter any further. With all of the thousands of people who have given the courses such high marks and accolades, we will win this case!”

Donald J. Trump

Here’s a recap of current events:

The attorney group leading the lawsuit against Trump are heavily involved in Democrat politics and have paid Bill and Hillary Clinton $$675,000 for “speeches”. (link)

The Judge in the lawsuit is an open borders immigration activist with direct ties to San Diego La Raza, and has openly engaged with them on their political endeavors. (link) and (link) including scholarships for illegal aliens.

The Trump lawsuit relies (in part) on testimony from a former disgruntled employee of the Trump Organization who went to work for notorious #NeverTrump activist Glenn Beck. (link)

The Judge then “accidentally” releases court records which provides the media with the names, locations, and contact information of the plaintiffs and witnesses in the case, which fuels the media narrative. (link)

After the “mistaken” release, Judge Curiel reseals the court records. (link)

The Judge is a lifetime member of an ethnic legal group, HNBA, whose specific and publicly expressed intentions are to target Donald Trump’s business interests (link) Here’s Judge Curiel’s Senate Judiciary Questionnaire (See Page #4)

July 2nd 2015 Press Release:

Any Questions?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223399,"WASHINGTON DC – With a new poll showing falling support for the Gang of Eight comprehensive immigration reform bill, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has announced an accelerated schedule in which the Senate would take a final, up-or-down vote on passing the bill by the end of next week. […]

Reid warned his fellow lawmakers that if they want to consider amendments to the Gang of Eight bill, they need to be prepared to work virtually nonstop between now and then. “This may not be one of our normal weekends,” Reid said. “We’ve got to move forward on this legislation.”

… There is no obvious, pressing reason for Reid’s schedule. But as he spoke, there were signs that popular support for immigration reform is slipping. After months of polls showing widespread support for some elements of reform, a new CNN survey showed a bare majority, 51 percent to 45 percent, supports the Gang of Eight bill. Perhaps more ominously, the poll found strong support for prioritizing border security above a path to citizenship for currently-illegal immigrants. Independents favor security before a path by a two-to-one margin, and Republicans support it by a three-to-one margin. Democrats favored a path to citizenship over security, but by the barest of margins, 50 percent to 49 percent. Overall, CNN found that 62 percent of the public favors prioritizing security before a path to citizenship, while 36 percent favored a path over security. (READ MORE)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223230,"The U.S. Conference Board is an economic think tank in partnership with Nielsen surveys which provides predictive economic analysis based on consumer and economic surveys within the larger U.S. economy. The latest monthly report from the board shows a stratospheric level of consumer confidence, 125.9 the highest level since 2000.

Accordingly, “consumers were even more optimistic in October than economists polled by Reuters expected.” The media and economic teams who thrill at the possibility of being able to talk-down the U.S. economy are apoplectic…

(Reuters) U.S. consumer confidence jumped to a near 17-year high in October, with households upbeat about the labor market and business conditions, which could underpin consumer spending and boost the economy in the final three months of the year. The economy’s prospects were further bolstered by other reports on Tuesday showing an acceleration in wage growth in the third quarter and sustained increases in house prices in August. (read more)

.

The only ‘unexpected‘ part is actually the speed of Trump’s MAGAnomics taking hold within the larger Main Street economy; specifically regarding wage increases. CTH forecast the American labor market seeing the year-over-year comparative wage rate increases around 3 to 5% happening in the second full year of applied MAGAnomic policy. However, there are signs the blue and white collar wage growth is six to eight months ahead of schedule.

American wages and salaries, which account for 70 percent of U.S. employment costs, rose 0.7% in quarter three (July-Sept). Those same wage rates increased 0.5% in the second quarter (April – June). This means the year-over-year comparisons for wages and salaries are now trending up 2.5 percent in the 12 months through September (’16 -vs- ’17) after gaining 2.3 percent in the Q2 comparison through June.

With inflation on highly-consumable products, food, fuel, energy holding steady at near zero, the increases in wages mean actual disposable income increases. This lowered cost of living dynamic is allowing growth in consumer spending for the middle class.

Trump’s MAGAnomics is now entering a phase of self-fulfillment. Drive down energy prices;… which keep costs down for high consumables;… while simultaneously increasing overall middle America economic development;… which drives up wages; ….which facilitates the American worker’s ability to spend;… which drives GDP growth.

If President Trump’s economic policies can keep the momentum (note, tax help from congress would be nice), then after approximately two more quarters of this level of GDP growth the economic engine will be running on auto pilot; and once again the common sense free market Main Street (transactional) economy will be operational.

On the housing front you’ll note another dynamic at play which is directly related to growth in the Blue-Collar economy. Remember, the housing sector is directly related to the regions of the U.S. with the largest expansion of economic growth. A third report on Tuesday showed the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller composite home price index of 20 U.S. metropolitan areas rose 5.9 percent in August from a year ago after increasing 5.8 percent in July.

In the aggregate housing prices are being driven by a limited number of properties available for sale in the areas of the U.S. with the strongest economic growth.

Record-breaking increases in consumer confidence, combined with rising wages and strong house prices should keep consumer spending very strong for the rest of the year.

Yes, Mr. President, we will be saying “Merry Christmas” again…

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123982,Straight question – no judgement. This has been on my mind for a while. Would you personally prefer not to know the impetus behind what is going on in the minds of the people guarding the gates of the republic? … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33443,"Skip to the 04:45 mark for the “button conversation”

Miami Times Obituary Cory Craig Johnson (1971 – 2008)

Cory Craig Johnson October 10, 1971 – May 1, 2008 Opa Locka, Florida Age 36.

HatTip Sibilj and Shari

Also, this is Ronald Fulton (Sybrina’s Brother) who Sybrina mentions in the interview.

Detail – CLICK HERE

Ronald Fulton is also at the tail end of this video with Jesse Jackson in Miami 2007 at an economic equality rally.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128510,"Nothing to worry about here. Move along, move along ….. (Ynet)– Former International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei, who had previously announced his intetions to run for the presidency of Egypt, said Monday that “if Israel attacked Gaza we would declare war against the Zionist regime.” In an interview with the Al-Watan newspaper he said: “In case of any future Israeli attack on Gaza – as the next president of Egypt – I will open the Rafah border crossing and will consider different ways to implement the joint Arab defense agreement.”

He also stated that “Israel controls Palestinian soil” adding that that “there has been no tangible breakthrough in reconciliation process because of the imbalance of power in the region – a situation that creates a kind of one way peace.”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
67217,This video should go viral. Alas this confrontation is what the Western Media NEED to hide from an awakened electorate who are absolutely in agreement with Nigel Farage !! Priceless. Absolutely priceless. Especially the aghast look on Merkel and Hollande’s … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45633,"Congratulations to YOU. Because of your efforts the light of a sun rising truth is moving steadily across the ground, and through the tree tops. After 18 months of painstaking research, and righteous push back to bring forth the light of truth, the media is now paying attention.

As MSM reporters begin using google to research the people behind their articles “there you are”, the gold mine of all dot connections, The Last Refuge. It’s wonderful to see their eye lids peel back as they finally begin to explore the same pathways we have all walked and understand with comfortable familiarity.

The funniest quote I have ever read about this case, and our research upon it, was:

Well, I don’t want to say too much else about this stuff – But I will say: you damn sure don’t want those CTH folks on your ass… From a Police Officer (citation omitted purposely)

The Washington Times follows the story around Benjamin Crump

Pat Dollard picks up on the corruption within the Miami-Dade School Police Dept

Jack Cashill writes up another expose’. This time on Matt Gutman

The Times also picks up on the REAL Tracy Martin

…. And yet there is so much more to come out.

So, so, so much more…… This is not a time to gloat or be prideful, this is the exact moment when you are empowered to chase the shadow dwellers while carrying a sword reflecting the blinding light of truth.

It was wonderful to see Alicia Stanley on Anderson Cooper 360. Her full story is one which shows how self-centered, manipulative, hate filled, and intentionally self-serving the entire construct of the false narrative actually was, and still is.

While we may diverge in many aspects from Alicia Stanley, one thing we are in total agreement on is how incredibly false the entire life story of Trayvon Martin was in the telling – from the mind and manipulation of Ryan Julison.

She absolutely represents the biggest risk to the Scheme Team dreams of a lucrative payday. Stanley was, for all intents and purposes, Trayvon’s real mother. [We will write upon this aspect next].

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222631,"No-one really knows the scale of how many illegal aliens are currently embedded within the U.S. workforce because the immigration laws and employment laws are in conflict. However, as one example – a single commercial Chicago Bakery, Cloverhill, was audited … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223676,"Con artist and former Green Party candidate Jill Stein raised fleeced the alt-left moonbats for more than seven million dollars. The financial ruse -as it was announced- was to fund an election recount effort in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Now this:

Pennsylvania – According to legal documents, Jill Stein and her campaign failed to post the $$1 million bond needed to challenge the election in Pennsylvania. The court proceeding scheduled for Monday has been canceled.

A “praecipe to discontinue and withdraw” was filed citing that Jill Stein did not post the $$1 million needed in the matter of the 2016 presidential election.

A source close to the matter told ABC27’s Dennis Owens that Monday’s scheduled court proceeding has been canceled and the challenge is over.

Jill Stein provided the following statement:

“This is yet another sign that Pennsylvania’s antiquated election law is stacked against voters. By demanding a $$1 million bond from voters yesterday, the court made clear it has no interest in giving a fair hearing to these voters’ legitimate concerns over the accuracy, security and fairness of an election tainted by suspicion. No voter in America should be forced to pay thousands of dollars to know if her or his vote was counted. Still, the recount continues and we will fight to ensure the civil and voting rights of all citizens are protected. We look forward to announcing our next step on Monday and we will pursue every available remedy to ensure Pennsylvanians can trust what happened in this election.” (link)

Quick, send more money…

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128420,"How low can you go?….…(Washington Examiner) — At the age of 16, Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., suffered the death of his 55-year-old father. Because of his father’s early death, the government made survivor payments for a few years to Paul … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129141,"Hey Treepers, I’ve been working on putting thoughts to keystrokes in sharing much remarkable discovery of President Barack Obama and the hidden background. However, I have also taken pause recently to reflect upon incoming, and worsening, attacks with the entire “you are a racist” narrative, simply because the research reveals such a concerning foundation for Obama ideology. An ideology that radically departs from any previous views or perspectives on our nation held by any former President. Within those moments of considerable reflection, I have pondered writing numerous posts that push back at these ridiculous racist attacks, not just against me, but against anyone who would seek an understanding of what formed the core beliefs of our President, and then pointing out how divergent those beliefs are from the everyday person.

It is very difficult to encapsulate the necessary depth of response to such accusations without literally writing a small book. However, as luck would have it, I have found an eloquent speaker who shares the same frustrations and has presented an eloquent, passionate, oral argument. Bill Whittle is a familiar face and voice for many of you. Recently he has connected to, and spoken of, the underlying sentiment exceptionally well. He has vocalized the exact thoughts that I wish to write about. So rather than me typing up a wordy thread for your consideration, please join me in watching three videos, and then after listening to the last take a good look at the pictures of young Barack Obama framed with the context of Whittle’s’ concern.

The first video has been shared before, but it highlights the background of Obama’s parents and grandparents. The second and third videos are Bill’s narrative where he shares how frustrating it is to be attacked for asking such obvious questions, and seeking to understand what has been hidden from us by the mainstream media.

I wonder if anyone has ever asked him about the wedding ring ? (See pic 8) All the other pics the left hand has been conveniently cropped out.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123472,"We have been pointing out this little inconvenient truth since 2011 when black Jihadists were traveling from North Africa into Libya and being killed by Hillary’s al-Qaeda Jihadist “rebels”. [SEE This Link] and [SEE This Link]

September 2011 – (LIBYA) Rebel forces and armed civilians are rounding up thousands of black Libyans and migrants from sub-Sahara Africa, accusing them of fighting for ousted strongman Moammar Gadhafi and holding them in makeshift jails across the capital. (link)

Hillary’s “rebels” hated the black Africans, and the black Africans have always been a type of mercenary group willing to fight just about any element for the right price. When Libya came under attack from Hillary’s Arab team, even Muamar Gaddaffi set aside his own hatred for black Africans and hired them to fight for his side.

The racism of Arab ISIS participants, formerly al-Qaeda and/or Ansar al-Sharia, toward African blacks, is well known and well documented. It actually has a historical context going all the way back to when Gaddaffi was at his peak as an international terrorist. This racism even influenced the 1986 chosen location for the East Berlin bombing of the La Belle night club.

LaBelle was a chosen target due to patronage by black U.S. servicemen. The Western media have always avoided this uncomfortable fact.

So it comes as no surprise to see reports where Africans are viewed by Arabs as useful, yet disposable, allies in the fight against the West.

(Via Breitbart) A U.S. intelligence officer told NBC News the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) will not likely team up with Nigerian radical Islamic group Boko Haram in any official capacity due to the group’s racism against black Africans.

“The Arab world is incredibly racist,” the officer explained. “They don’t see black Africans as equivalent to them.”

Boko Haram has repeatedly praised the Islamic State and showcases its flag in many videos, but the Islamic State has not shown any brotherly love towards their comrades in Africa, other than reports indicating that the groups are in communication. The officer also said there is no evidence that the two groups will merge soon.

“There are still questions of the ISIS view of Boko Haram and Nigeria,” the official claimed. “But Boko Haram does not operate in sync with ISIS. The Caliphates are separate.”

But as the International Business Times points out, race might not be an issue. During the Ferguson riots, the Islamic State attempted to tell protesters that blacks in America need to embrace Islam because the United States is “racist and oppressive.” The SITE Intelligence Group reported that many of the Islamic State social media accounts target black Americans. (read more)

Remember Libya/Tunisia is the Gateway between North African and the EU. Technically, Libya is not even considered part of the Middle-East. ISIS activity in Libya is to control the gates to Europe, gain economic power, and insure a geographically strong position from which they can attempt to take down Egypt.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222878,"As we have repeated, the professional left and their cohorts in the liberal media know the reality of public sentiment is diametrically opposite from what they have been saying selling. Elected officials are noticing in their town hall meetings…

(Via Truth Revolt) Pushback over the unprecedented influx of illegal immigrants is mounting across the country—not just in conservative border states, but also in California, Oregon, Colorado, and New York. Democratic and Republican lawmakers are finding their town hall meetings consumed by more and more constituents angered by Washington’s mishandling of immigration, most calling for a crackdown on illegal immigration and the securing of the southern border.

“I hear it everywhere I go,” said Greg Walden, an Oregon Republican and chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee. What once was mainly a conservative debate about immigration policies, Walden explained, has now “morphed into something bigger”:

“It’s morphed into something bigger than a debate over fixing our broken immigration system—it’s a piece of the overall sense that things are on the wrong track in this country”.

Texas Republican Rep. Jeb Hensarling echoed Walden’s experience, saying, “The anger is palpable… there’s a lot of fear about that, about a president who has a pen and a phone, but doesn’t seem to have a copy of the Constitution.”

And it’s not just a Republican phenomenon. Similar reports have come in from Democratic lawmakers all over the country, including California, Oregon, New York, and Colorado. Reuters reports: (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
34450,"WASHINGTON (AP) – First lady Michelle Obama is striking back at House Republicans who are trying to weaken healthier school meal standards, saying any effort to roll back the guidelines is “unacceptable.”

The rules set by Congress and the administration over the last several years require more whole grains in the lunch line and set limits on sodium, sugar and fat.

The first lady met Tuesday with school nutrition officials who said the guidelines are working in their schools.

The event was an unusual move for the first lady, who has largely stayed away from policy fights since she lobbied for congressional passage of a child nutrition law in 2010.

“The last thing we can afford to do is play politics with kids’ health,” Mrs. Obama told participants. (read more)

.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222655,"IRS chief Daniel Werfel says he wants to keep his health care plan, not switch to Obamacare.

That’s weird. President Obama told us over and over that if we liked our health care plan we could keep it.

/sarcasm

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122920,"Kemp Hotel, Terry, Montana

This hotel on main street is a wonderful experience. It’s been restored sufficiently for use but hasn’t had the history restored out of it.

The wallpaper in the rooms still features giant roses and unraveling edges that whisper of 1942 or so. The front desk area has huge worn leather chairs that once sunk into are only escaped from with some determination. The covered front porch has large wooden rocking chairs where we sat on a Wednesday morning in the summer of 2011 listening to a thundering storm that came over the town and lingered before bellowing on its way east or south. It was wonderful.

The wild roses were in bloom along the street where we had parked the night before walking past the eight foot hollyhocks en route to the front door.

Next morning after the storm had left town we walked a couple of blocks to the store that sells the best cinnamon rolls in Montana or North Dakota right out of the oven.

Our home town had a hotel, too, which was actually newer than Terry’s.

I never quite understood why and certainly didn’t dare ask but the big two story Great Northern Hotel was completely off limits for any child of the countryside. It was just across the street one way from the town’s single bar, and across the movie theater the other way. I suppose that was reason enough.

It was a large brick building that was completely finished on all sides and on the top. It was not that bad things were said about it. Nothing was ever said about it. There was always a desk clerk on duty and the front entrance looked nice enough, just like the other businesses in town.

When I visited in the 1970s there was a holiday craft sale of some kind being held in the a large room in the hotel, and a fundraiser for the high school featuring t-shirts and sweat shirts. Finally being of sufficient age to go through the front door without permission I satisfied the now irrelevant curiosity and found dark wood covering almost everything. What was not covered with wood was upholstered in deep brown leather. It had a clean smell of really old.

The tables and chairs brought in for the craft sale looked miniature and irrelevant in the midst of the dusty memories and ghosts of all those in the past who had permission to be in the hotel or went there without permission. The modern ladies of the ’70s who were purchasing crafts looked like actresses who had been directed to the wrong set.

Terry is 160 miles south of where our farm was.

Terry had drinkable ground water (which we didn’t have) and some big trees near the Yellowstone river (which we didn’t have – the trees, that is) that made log houses possible.

The planting of Terry’s first tree was documented for the history books.

The town was located just south of the Yellowstone River midway between the larger towns of Miles City and Glendive…Seen from a distance in 1893, it looked like a mirage on the dusty treeless plain. Sagebrush and cactus were its only vegetation. The first tree in Terry—a wild plum—would be planted later that year. What was not apparent to the eye was the resource that gave Terry its life: its ample underground water supply. In an area where water was scarce and almost undrinkable (like 160 miles further north!) due to alkali salts, this was no small matter. (from Photographing Montana, Donna M. Lucey)

And consider these descriptions of developments further south in Hamilton County, Nebraska, where the commercial wagon trails were operating as early as 1847.

A well-traveled freighting road was established between the Missouri River…along the south bank of the Platte River, to Fort Kearney…a heavy freighting business was done over this road from about 1852 to 1860. It was called the Ox-Bow Trail…The great freighting firm of Russell, Majors and Waddell used this road in 1858 and 1859 for the transportation of thousands of wagon loads of freight to Utah. (The Way was Long, Denny Enderle & Diann Jensen, 1999)

They had commercial wagon activity in Nebraska but there weren’t many trees around there either so when they didn’t have time or inclination to wait for lumber to arrive on the wagons, they built buildings out of straw bales.

Advantages of straw-bale construction over conventional building systems include the renewable nature of straw, cost, easy availability, naturally fire-retardant and high insulation value. Disadvantages include susceptibility to rot, difficulty of obtaining insurance coverage, and high space requirements for the straw itself. <—- Pilgrim Holiness Church in Arthur, Nebraska Straw-bale construction was greatly facilitated by the mechanical hay baler, which was invented in the 1850s and was widespread by the 1890s. It proved particularly useful in the Nebraska Sandhills. Pioneers seeking land under the 1862 Homestead Act and the 1904 Kinkaid Act found a dearth of trees over much of Nebraska. In many parts of the state, the soil was suitable for dugouts and sod houses. However, in the Sandhills, the soil generally made poor construction sod; in the few places where suitable sod could be found, it was more valuable for agriculture than as a building material. The third documented use of hay bales in construction in Nebraska was a schoolhouse built in 1901 or 1902. Unfenced and unprotected by stucco or plaster, it was reported in 1902 as having been eaten by cows. To combat this, builders began plastering their bale structures; if cement or lime stucco was unavailable, locally obtained “gumbo mud” was employed. Between 1896 and 1945, an estimated 70 straw-bale buildings, including houses, farm buildings, churches, schools, offices, and grocery stores had been built in the Sandhills. In 1999, 2173 surviving bale buildings were reported in Arthur and Logan Counties, including the 1928 Pilgrim Holiness Church in the village of Arthur, which is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straw-bale_construction

Once I started thinking about the problem of getting decent lumber in the early 1900s I wanted to understand whether the problem presented itself differently in other pioneer communities. I found that the solutions were different but the problem usually was not.

I thought it was worth talking about what was required of those who chose to fight their way into a future on the prairie—a prairie that didn’t offer materials for building buildings—a prairie that stretched from the Canadian latitudes to the Texas-Mexico border.

The prairie included parts of Colorado, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, and Wyoming, and the Canadian provinces of Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan. It was big. It was very big. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Plains

Considering the times, it was actually pretty upscale to build even the outbuildings out of lumber!

The wash house on our farm was well designed for a variety of purposes that morphed over the years. It was constructed with good quality milled lumber from far away which had arrived at the nearest rail head (nine miles) and was hauled to the farm in a horse wagon.

These outbuildings were built to last and they did. The wash house was well-shingled and sat between the cave (underground vegetable storage—a root cellar with doorway of standard size and cement steps eight feet into the earth) and the outhouse. The wash house had two windows, a big wooden door with a huge hook that closed it tightly from the outside, a wooden floor, a well-shingled roof and exterior walls which were also covered with thick shingles, keeping the wood dry and saving the paint for more important buildings both little (outhouses) and big (barns and houses).

The original use of the wash house was, obviously, a place to wash clothes. Pre-electricity (1949 or so, generally speaking, in our rural area) the gas-engine washing machine stood in the wash house. After electricity, the wash house became a place for storing things, playing house, and watching dynamite thunderstorms as we sat in safety with the door open, enjoying the sound and the fury presented for our instruction.

Playing house in the wash house was a perfect illustration of practicing being grownup, and might include staying there overnight in the summer time all of twenty feet from the back door of the house, especially if my cousin could come over to stay.

An old double bed was stored there so we would drag blankets and pillows out and create our temporary home. Once things were dark and quiet in the house (although Mom would always leave the light on at the back steps in case we changed our minds about our level of courage in the middle of the night and wanted the option of coming inside to go to my bedroom) we would scare ourselves in the silence as we listened for the sounds of things that were actually never out there. Badgers and coyotes were part of the night in our pastures so once darkness descended, we didn’t go out of the wash house for anything except an unavoidable quick trip to the outhouse which was right next door, ten feet down the wooden sidewalk and fifteen feet to the left – the latter jog providing concealment of the outhouse from the house.

Such animals usually steered clear of farmsteads day or night, the exception being a sick or wounded animal in which case there was even more reason to not want any encounter. Skunks might wander through occasionally, but the bare prairie hills weren’t as accommodating for their homesteading needs as the badgers: skunks preferred a little more foliage than our hills provided.

Practicing being a grownup was pretty much what childhood was about. It would have been considered strange for childhood to be thought of as a destination, or even as a place to linger; but it was a perfectly respectable way station en route to actually being grown up and our play reflected that, including the overnight stays in the wash house.

Finished lumber was highly valued and difficult to obtain in the early years and was always re-used. Repurposing and recycling are considered innovative (today) only by those who don’t know nothin’. When some building had outlived its original purpose and either fell down or was taken down, the old square nails were pulled out and the lumber carefully stacked, anticipating the day when the farmer would go to the lumber pile to locate the perfect piece for some new project he was working on or some pig fence he was repairing.

Bits of lumber were specifically not used for bonfires or weinie roasts, both of which we enjoyed whenever we had the chance. The wood for such entertainment came from dead branches that were broken off the standing trees in the coulees – it was burned with a contentend conscience since it hadn’t been laboriously obtained.

Neither the size or quality of those trees was suitable for log buildings or for milling but the dead branches were perfect for roasting hot dogs (stuck on to the end of a skinny, sharp branch selected for the purpose) and marshmallows on a summer evening or winter afternoon.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45371,"More of that “new tone of civility” Obama was talking about.….

(Wisconsin) Officials at a Milwaukee Catholic school say they’re very disappointed that a visit by Gov. Scott Walker this afternoon has already been marred by vandalism. Staffers at Messmer Preparatory School in Milwaukee’s inner-city were changing the locks today after some of them were filled with metal and super glue during the night.

Walker is scheduled to visit Messmer to read the Doctor Seuss story “Oh, the Places You’ll Go” to second- and third-graders. School development director Jeffrey Robb said cars parked in front of the school had anti-Walker signs this morning.

The principal, Brother Bob Smith, said on Thursday a woman urged parents to bring noisemakers and scream as Walker arrived. The governor has been dogged by protestors for months. They oppose the new law that virtually ends collective bargaining by most public unions. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223419,"As the first day of actual trial starts in the State of Florida V George Zimmerman case, the race-baiting provocateurs will be coordinating a “town hall” at the church of Trayvon Martin family attorney, Natalie Jackson, and her mom, Francis Oliver. Allen Chapel AME Church has been the site of many protests, rallies and even hosted an arrest celebration on April 11th 2012. Will J Willie David be in attendance?

Orlando Sentinel – The Seminole County chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People will host a town hall meeting on Monday to give the public a chance to talk about the George Zimmerman trial.

The town hall will begin at 7:30 p.m. at the Allen Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church, 1203 Olive Ave., Sanford.

Zimmerman is facing a second-degree murder charge in the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin on Feb. 26, 2012. Zimmerman has claimed self-defense in the shooting.

Jury selection for the Zimmerman trial started June 10 and continued Wednesday. For more information on the town hall, call the Seminole branch of the NAACP at 407-328-7496. (article link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
2796,"Under the rules within ObamaCare, the difference between the premiums they demand – and the premium price you end up paying, is the bailout amount they will get from HHS via congress. Taxpayers are going to pay the higher premium rate … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224204,"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson – This evening, President Trump announced the new integrated strategy for the U.S. approach to South Asia that will require diplomatically engaging Pakistan, Afghanistan and India to create the conditions for stability in the region.

This new strategy signals clear support for the Afghan people and government. We will continue to support the Afghan government and security forces in their fight against terrorists and prevent the reestablishment of safe havens in the country.

Our new strategy breaks from previous approaches that set artificial calendar-based deadlines. We are making clear to the Taliban that they will not win on the battlefield. The Taliban has a path to peace and political legitimacy through a negotiated political settlement to end the war.

We stand ready to support peace talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban without preconditions. We look to the international community, particularly Afghanistan’s neighbors, to join us in supporting an Afghan peace process.

Pakistan has suffered greatly from terrorism and can be an important partner in our shared goals of peace and stability in the region. We look to Pakistan to take decisive action against militant groups based in Pakistan that are a threat to the region. It is vital to U.S. interests that Afghanistan and Pakistan prevent terrorist sanctuaries.

India will be an important partner in the effort to ensure peace and stability in the region, and we welcome its role in supporting Afghanistan’s political and economic modernization. (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
38995,"Last evening Fox News host Bret Baier interviewed Congressman Trey Gowdy about the Friday document dump from the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email system. The response from Chairman Gowdy is essentially the same reaction as everyone else who has a reasonable understanding of the events.

The most concerning aspect within all recent discussions is an acceptance we must all reach that the FBI Director James Comey specifically knew the DOJ (Loretta Lynch) was not going to prosecute anyone involved in the scandal from the outset.

With the knowledge in mind that his FBI investigation needed to structurally come to a conclusion, which would be conducive to dove-tailing the preconceived DOJ intent, the Comey investigation began handing out the DOJ’s mutually beneficial immunity agreements. This FBI action essentially guaranteed Secretary Clinton would be immune from DOJ prosecution.

The conclusion reached by Representative Gowdy is almost identical to the conclusions drawn by our own research, and by the Observer yesterday, and by the Thompson Timeline report last week. The FBI investigation was a sham.

Cold Anger !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
5525,"U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson holds a press briefing in Saudi Arabia at the conclusion of President Trump’s speech at the Arab Islamic American Summit:

Here’s a longer excerpt of the press briefing. Unfortunately it comes with some annoying on screen graphics.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131387,"WASHINGTON (AP) – Eight years as president is enough, thank you. At least that’s what Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton says President Barack Obama told her the other day. Clinton said Tuesday that she and Obama often marvel over foreign despots who want to stay in power for decades. She told a State Department forum that neither she nor Obama can understand leaders who refuse to transfer power and cling to office for 10, 20, 30 or 40 years.

She says she and the president joke: “Oh, my gosh. Can you imagine?” Clinton says Obama told her, “I’m going to win re-election, and then I’m done,” a remark that drew laughter from the audience. U.S. presidents are constitutionally barred from a third term. (Read More)

Errr, anyone else find this a litte wierd. Seriously, what kind of national leader talks to the citizens within America with this kind of verbage .? (ViaWHDossier) Obama: “My People, You Continue to Have My Blessed Faith In You” What kind of political leader tells his supporters this?

My belief in you has not lessened.

President Obama does. That’s what he said toward the end a speech at a campaign fundraiser last night in Washington to a relatively youthful crowd of supporters he was trying spur back toward the energy level of 2008.

He still believes in what he believes, which is also what they believe, he said.

The vision that brought us together in 2008, that’s undiminished in me.

And best of all, our Leader let it be known, thankfully, that he continues to have faith in you and me as well. (read more)

The confidence I have in the American people, in their decency, that’s undiminished. My faith that we can make tough choices on behalf of future generations, that’s undiminished.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223350,"“SWATTING” – Swatting is the tricking of any emergency service (via such as a 9-1-1 dispatcher) into dispatching an emergency response based on the false report of an on-going critical incident. (link)

LAKE MARY, Fla – Lake Mary Police are now questioning the validity of several statements Shellie Zimmerman made when she told 911 dispatchers her estranged husband, George Zimmerman, threatened her and her father at gunpoint Monday afternoon.

“We did not find a gun, did not locate a weapon,” said Zach Hudson, public information officer with the Lake Mary Police Department. “Nobody ever saw a gun. A gun is not part of this story.”

Still, a gun was at the crux of the account Shellie Zimmerman provided to 911 dispatchers when calling for help.

“He continually has his hand on his gun and he keeps saying, ‘Step closer.’ He is just threatening all of us,” Shellie can be heard telling dispatchers.

Hudson told ABC Action News Shellie provided a written statement Monday night saying she never saw a gun and only assumed her estranged husband was carrying a weapon because he touched his stomach.

[…] “He accosted my father and then took my IPad and then smashed it and cut it with a pocketknife. I don’t know what he is capable of. I am really really scared,” Shellie told dispatchers.

According to authorities, Shellie’s father did not have any visible injuries. In the 911 call, Shellie asked the dispatcher to send paramedics because her father’s nose looked like it was broken.

[…] Shellie told dispatchers that officers arrived and had their guns drawn. She said George was sitting in his car. Fearing George would start shooting, she told the dispatcher her and her father were going inside.

According to police, George was not in his car when they arrived but was standing in the yard. They say he was also very cooperative and allowed police to search his person.

After being questioned by police, Shellie left the home with her attorney. (read full article)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224446,"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrives at the U.S. State Department today and delivers his first remarks to the entrenched bureaucrats within foggy bottom. In a broad outline speech mostly of introduction, T-Rex begins to lay out a new agenda entirely foreign to the foreign service: honor, truthfulness and respect for mission.

Most of the attending audience has never experienced a person in their professional or personal lives whose compass heading is steadfast, true and unwavering. Greater than 90% of the attending audience considers their political outlook as liberal and globalist; more than half of them come from fractured family backgrounds.

For these people there is an autonomic quivering mechanism triggered when encountering a person of unwavering moral founding and character.

As a towering man of earnest and deliberate influence, T-Rex well understands how organizational changes are best undertaken. This will be the biggest challenge of his entire career.

“Renda and I were ready to head off to the ranch and enjoy our grandchildren. But when I came back from my first meeting with President Trump and he asked me to do this, Renda said, ‘you didn’t know it but you’ve been in a 41-year training program for this job.’ “So despite our own dreams, she said you’re supposed to do this. Well, my first day is here, I’m on the job. “Hi, I’m the new guy.”

T-Rex will now deliver on that promise to personally meet each and every person in the building and later in the larger organization.

The personnel within the State Department have never had leadership who extended that much time and valuation to them upon introduction. He will meet each person briefly but personally and deliberately. With humility he will designate other formal ceremony to a position of less importance.

The personnel within the State Department are in for a shock; being led by a person who aspires to no self-indulgent grandiosity is extremely unnerving for those who could always comfortably assess their place by knowing the top of the organizational structure was predictably selfish, self-important.

Now, the Dept of State mission becomes more than words and catch-phrases. Now, they will actually have to live it.

Many know how to talk of the principles behind the purpose of the State Department, but very few have any concept of how to actually deliver on them. For those who buried into the organizational structure, T-Rex is like a random but purposeful Q-Beam to be avoided.

.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121119,Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has announced a revised set of travel restrictions for U.S. citizens considering travel to the DPRK. Once in full effect there will be a travel ban in place restricting all travel using U.S. passports. U.S. … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126139,"So much for that “Trump Ceiling” the professionally political media pundits keep telling us about, eh? Not only does Trump lead the field in a large sample CNN/ORC poll (full pdf below), but he’s EXTENDING his lead:

Washington (CNN) – Donald Trump’s support continues to grow among those who say they are likely to participate in February’s Iowa presidential caucuses and Ted Cruz is on the rise while Ben Carson loses ground in the state, a new CNN/ORC Poll finds.

Overall, Trump has 33% support among likely GOP caucusgoers, followed by Cruz at 20% with Carson at 16%, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio at 11% and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush at 4%. The new poll shows Trump up 8 points, Cruz up 9, while Carson has faded by 7 points, compared with the last CNN/ORC poll, conducted in late October and early November.

The poll finds a markedly different landscape among potential GOP caucusgoers than another Iowa poll released Monday by Monmouth University. The difference between the two seems to stem primarily from sampling.

The Monmouth poll interviewed a sample drawn from registered voter lists that primarily comprised those who had voted in state-level Republican primary elections in previous election years. Among those voters, Monmouth found Cruz and Rubio ahead of Trump and Carson. Among voters who were not regular GOP primary voters, however, the poll found Trump ahead, similar to the CNN/ORC poll’s finding.

The CNN/ORC Poll drew its sample from Iowa adults, asking those reached about their intention to participate in their caucus, interest in news about the caucuses, and past participation patterns to determine who would be a likely voter. View this document on Scribd But still, Trump’s lead holds even among only those voters who express the most interest in attending the caucus or the most regular past participation in presidential caucuses. Among those in the CNN/ORC poll who say they definitely plan to attend the caucuses and are more interested in news about them than any other news story — a group which represents approximately 8% of Iowa adults — Trump’s lead grows to a 42% to 23% advantage over Cruz, with Rubio at 11% and Carson at 9%. And among those who say they have participated in almost all of the caucuses for which they have been eligible — about 10% of Iowa adults — Trump leads 38% to 21% for Cruz, with Carson at 12% and Rubio at 11%. (read more) No-One is Working Harder. No Candidate Even Comes Close

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45058,"A curious situation presented itself two weeks ago within the FEC reports and required filings of 2016 election Super-PACS. A direct phone inquiry confirmed a noted decrease in the number of required “24-hour expenditure reports” from some Super-PAC’s currently active and engaged in the 2016 presidential election.

Perhaps the decrease in filing activity was just coincidental to several recent revelations which were discovered and discussed relating to the payments to media groups and various media-created LLC’s who are beneficiaries of Super-PAC funding.

They could just be spending less, and being less involved in the last 10 days. A key deadline for monthly summary filings is only five days away.

However, it could also be that THIS SUNLIGHT is expanding exponentially.

Super-PACS are required to file a detailed monthly list of donors (contributions) and expenditures (payments) for the preceding month on/before the 20th day of the current reporting period. Meaning contributions and expenditures for “March 2016” are due by April 20th – TODAY.

Cruz super PAC Keep the Promise III collected $$770k in March, almost entirely from another Cruz super PAC, Trusted Leadership. — Teddy Schleifer (@teddyschleifer) April 20, 2016

It would appear that contact, from ordinary researchers who dig through the sometimes overwhelming reporting, with the FEC, can actually deliver results. Since our initial research into Katie Packer’s group “Our Principles”, the FEC requested clarification of expenditures for media payments made in opposition to candidate Donald J Trump.

Sunlight is always the best disinfectant.

I’m asking anyone who has a little time to help, to please keep an eye on the FEC Portal – Available Here – and help dig through the reports from the many Super-PAC’s that are currently active in this election cycle.

Specifically focus on going through the monthly reports noting contributions and expenditures.

Examples:

Keep The Promise I

Keep The Promise II

Keep the Promise III

Our Principles (Packer)

Trusted Leadership (now active in NY primary) (origin)

Stand For Truth (Lycan/McConnell)

Make America Awesome (Mair)

There are many more…

If you have questions about how to use the FEC portal, please ask them in the comments below. It’s not hard, once you learn to navigate the page.

=>FEC Homepage

=> Campaign Finance Portal

=> Under “Searchable Presentations” select either:

“Candidate and Committee Viewer” for Super-PAC search

-or- “Independent Expenditure Search” for beneficiary of expenditure.

Or => Using the left side tab select “Individual Contribution Search” to put in a donor name and see how much they are giving to any candidate, or which organization.

For those already familiar with the process, and for those who begin to assist in the crowdsourcing effort, please highlight anything you find of interest and help draw attention to it.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122430,"There are flashes of the old white house correspondent Jake Tapper in this interview; the dogged approach we used to respect. Clinton Campaign Manager Robby Mook is clearly lying (there’s another video below fold), and misleading, in this interview with CNN’s Jake Tapper.

Tapper, along with just about everyone else who is intellectually honest, knows Mook is lying… But Tapper just can’t bring himself to fall back on those old journalistic teachings of how to expose a liar by getting into details. That’s unfortunate, and also exponentially annoying for anyone who has previously seen Jake Tapper do some great reporting.

Mook sticks to the “power through” talking points, even somewhat ridiculously. Tapper initially begins to peel back the fraud and parseltongue, but then stops himself mid-interview…. and accepts the Bull S**t.

Despite Tapper’s retreat, you can clearly see Robby Mook is lying during the interview. Earlier this morning the Mook-speak was also brutally obvious. See interview #2:

Mook refuses to confirm or deny the campaign leadership knowledge of a pneumonia diagnosis on Friday because there was no pneumonia diagnosis on Friday, because pneumonia -if it even exists- is a secondary health condition.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223131,"

I tried this one, and it is a toughie – name the capital of the states as they are asked – while racing against the clock:

Can You Name The US State Capitals?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224640,"We harbor no illusions as to the importance of the Kentucky Senate Race in 2014. The primary, which takes place in May, will determine far more than the next Senator from Kentucky.

That’s why Mitch McConnell will attack Matt Bevin relentlessly and he will use the full weight of the establishment GOP Republicans to do it.

If Mitch McConnell wins – Conservatives will have lost. Period. McConnell MUST be defeated.

FRANKFORT — Saying there should be no doubt that he intends to win the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate next year, Louisville businessman Matt Bevin filed Friday to try to unseat Republican incumbent Mitch McConnell.

Bevin’s wife, Glenna, and Larry Forgy, a Lexington attorney who lost the 1995 GOP bid for governor and is an ardent opponent of McConnell, signed Bevin’s filing papers in the office of Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes in the Capitol.

Grimes is expected to be the Democratic nominee in next year’s U.S. Senate race, which political observers have estimated will cost $$100 million in campaign spending.

Bevin, a well-heeled investment manager in Louisville, had announced in July that he would be a candidate. He has founded several firms and has invested in companies with interests ranging from manufacturing to software.

After making his candidacy official Friday, Bevin held a news conference in the Capitol Rotunda with his wife, their nine children — four adopted from Ethiopia — and Forgy.

Bevin, who has the backing of some Tea Party activists, said he is in the race because this nation is on “a financially unsustainable path.”

The problem cannot be solved by “sending the same tired people back to Washington over and over again,” said Bevin, who advocates a limit of two terms for members of Congress.

Bevin accused McConnell, the Senate Republican leader, of personally benefiting from political power. But he later declined to provide any specific examples.

Bevin chided McConnell for not doing enough to end the new federal health care law backed by President Obama and to benefit Kentucky.

“He’s an example of failed leadership,” Bevin said.

McConnell, in a brief interview later, declined to discuss his primary opponent. (continue reading)

Here is an example of the type of attack McConnell is waging against Bevin. He was running these ads in back in JULY, trying to threaten Bevin and keep him from mounting a primary challenge.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126239,"Back in May 2015 we presented the following consideration. Against today’s news, we are presenting it again:

(May 2nd 2015) The professional grievance crowd has all of the Marxist planets aligned. They have the DNC approved black female mayor Stephanie Rawlings; they have their rock star activist attorney Marilyn Mosby, and they have a strategically planned opportunity to win by losing.

Black Lives Matter activist and State Attorney Marilyn Mosby has no intention of gaining victory in her charges against the Baltimore Six defendants, she doesn’t need to. Indeed, I would argue the handlers within the larger BGI network don’t factually want her to succeed.

Every outside pundit, legal analyst and observer will note, if they have not already, the construct of her spoken, but not revealed, probable cause affidavit is fraught with flaws. Some call it overcharging, some call it a stretch, others call it a tough case to prosecute. However, what it really amounts to is an unwinnable trial.

And that’s exactly what this fiasco is intended to communicate.

You can’t force repairs upon a system that works. “If you can’t change it, shut it down“.

Historical civil rights advocacy was based on the belief that everyone needs equality in opportunity; modern social justice advocates demand equality in outcome. “If we can’t get it, shut it down”.

The Social Justice crowd need a social law and order system that does not depend on virtue and morality, because the grievance community does not share the same virtues and morality of the larger society.

In Sanford Florida they tried to create the impression: a 12-year-old going to the store for tea and skittles mowed down by a vigilante cop wannabe. Of course they needed to avoid the reality of a 17-year-old street thug, serving his third 10 day school suspension for felony burglary, who attacked a guy for asking “what are you doing“?

In Ferguson Missouri they tried to create the impression: an 18-year-old lovable “big Mike”, mowed down by an overzealous white cop while he was surrendering with his hands up and crying don’t shoot. Of course they needed to avoid the reality of an 18-year-old street thug who just finished strong-arm robbing a convenience store who attacked the cop while high on dope.

In both Sanford and Ferguson the reality of the events collapsed the narrative, one during a trial, the other in a Grand Jury’s decision not to indict.

In Baltimore they have a perfect congruence of people and events. A 25-year-old black male victim seen handcuffed and alive, then arriving to the police station (booking) near death. A black activist prosecutor, a black DNC Mayor, a majority black police force.

The perfect opportunity to showcase how the “system” is broken. Freddie Gray is irrelevant. If they can’t convict in Baltimore it proves the ‘system’ is fundamentally wrong. It’s the system that needs to be changed. “If we can’t get it, shut it down“.

The goal is the “shutting it down”, to rebuild it closer to the hearts desire.

And when you understand that goal; when you understand that ultimately the goal is NOT to get the six police officers convicted; only then can you understand the bigger plans and the motives for the actions taken toward those plans.

After all, they published the new plans in March:

You can’t fix, or “fundamentally change”, something that does not appear fundamentally broken.

They succeed by losing, not by winning.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223403,"Judge Nelson has ruled in the Frye Hearing regarding the admissibility of the State’s audio “expert witnesses” Owens and Reich.

The Order has caught many people by surprise and her ruling is a potential game changer for the positioning of the State’s case.

Nelson has ruled that their testimony will be excluded, however, both sides can play the 9-11 tapes for the jury and both sides can call witnesses, if they choose, to affirm which party (Martin or Zimmerman) they feel was calling for “Help”.

The Miami Herald, hardly sympathetic to the Zimmerman position, reported the ruling as a “major blow to the prosecution”.

I like how this entire fiasco was explained by Letjusticeprevail:

1) We have a 911 recording that EVERY expert says is of such poor quality that it’s almost worthless to use for voice comparison purposes. The most credible ones actually say it IS totally worthless for voice comparison purposes.

2) Now, for over a year, we have had the junk science of Owen (and others) comparing a worthless 911 recording to ONLY George’s voice, and saying: “Hey, we can’t get a match”. which, in the minds of most people, equates to: “It isn’t George because they can’t match it to HIM”. So, the only other choice is: “It MUST be Trayvon Martin”.

BUT IT’S A SHELL GAME.

The 911 recording was worthless to begin with, so the EXPECTED result SHOULD BE: “We can’t match it to George Zimmerman’s voice exemplar”. They can’t get the match because the 911 recording is JUNK, not because it isn’t George screaming. But they won’t TELL it to you THAT way.

Remember now, keep your eye on the RIGHT LIE which (at this time) isn’t about WHO is screaming, but is about the simple fact that the 911 recording is JUNK to begin with—THAT is the PEA that they have palmed–the 911 recording is junk, but everyone’s attention has been diverted elsewhere.

They just simply say: “We can’t get a match” AND LET US (THE PUBLIC) ARRIVE AT THE TOTALLY ILLOGICAL CONCLUSION THAT IT MUST BE TRAYVON MARTIN screaming.

They let US make this “LEAP OF ILLOGIC”. And it has worked on the public for over a year, simply because the public reached this conclusion by themselves, and created the very LIE that the state wanted, WITHOUT THE STATE EVER HAVING TO COME OUT AND SAY THE LIE THEMSELVES.

IT’S “OUR” LIE. “WE” OWN IT!!!! That’s WHY it was so easy for the state to do it.

This is exactly why Bernie was evasive in court when he said “It might be TWO people screaming on the tape”. He wasn’t trying to hide the number of voices on the 911 call. He wasn’t trying to hide the possibility that he might have evidence that it was George screaming.

HE WAS HIDING THE PEA THAT HE DIDN’T WANT ANYONE TO FIND IN HIS PALM: THE 911 RECORDING IS WORTHLESS FOR VOICE COMPARISON PURPOSES.

Now think back to just yesterday, to something Mantei said in court:

“Do you think (that if the defense had an expert who could say this was George Zimmerman screaming) they would be trying to have the voice comparisons excluded?”

That is just MORE slight of hand. Mantei is continuing the SHELL GAME. He is diverting the public’s attention AWAY FROM THE PEA IN HIS PALM. He KNOWS the defense can’t find an HONEST expert who will say it is George’s voice, so he IMPLIES that the reason they can’t is because it wasn’t George, but he REALLY KNOWS that the reason the defense can’t find an expert to say it was George screaming is because NO HONEST EXPERT WOULD EVER SAY THIS. Why? Look for the PEA in Mantei’s palm! The 911 recording is junk!

And, from the aspect of pure and simple logic:

You CANNOT “reverse engineer” the conclusion that it was person B screaming in the 911 recording, just by saying that you can’t “get a match” when comparing the voice exemplar of person A to a tape that has no value for comparison. This is NOT a case of “Well, if we can’t prove it IS “A” then it MUST be “B”.

Yes, there were only two people on the dogwalk. “A” and “B”

Yes, IF only one was screaming, then it MUST be either “A” or “B”

BUT, in order to PROVE it is “B” you MUST do one of two things:

You must either prove it actually IS “B”—which (here) means Voice sample B=911 sample

OR

You must PROVE it was NOT “A”—which (here) means Voice sample A does NOT=911

Since the public (at that time) had no sample of “B” (Trayvon Martin’s voice) the state could PRETEND to use the second approach, but actually KNEW they could not PROVE it “wasn’t George”, so they tried to trick the public by letting people think that “not being able to prove it IS George” is the same thing as “proving it wasn’t George”.

Now here’s the funny about the “logic” approach. In THIS SHELL GAME, there are actually TWO PEAS!

First, there is the same palmed pea that I mentioned above: The 911 recording is junk.

And the SECOND PEA is the actual voice sample of Trayvon Martin. This pea is equally important for the state to hide, but NOT for the reason you might think. The state was not hiding that voice sample because it would reveal that it was or was not Trayvon Martin screaming in the 911 call.

The state was hiding that sample because they knew that, just like George’s sample, Trayvon’s sample would ALSO not be matched to the 911 call. Why not?

Just look for the pea in Bernie’s palm: The 911 recording is junk. And once the public started to realize this, Bernie’s entire SHELL GAME would be exposed!

THAT is why the state NEVER EVEN ASKED THE MARTIN’S FOR A VOICE SAMPLE. The state didn’t need one.

Hell, the state didn’t WANT one.

Their SHELL GAME was working perfectly. WE (the public) took ownership of the lie by taking a “leap of illogic”, and the production of a voice sample from Trayvon could only expose the pea in their palm, and expose their game.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33730,"MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell interviewing Congresswoman Jane Harmon about a recent NSA review board determination. The report concluded the NSA collection raises “constitutional concerns” with regard to U.S. citizens’ rights of speech, association and privacy.

Congresswoman Harmon along with numerous representatives from both sides of the political spectrum are highly concerned. The NSA surveillance program is at the top of current concerns for 70%+ of Americans…. Now watch:",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
120850,Following up on THIS EXPLAINER. ♦ Obviously Chairman Devin Nunes has placed himself outside the rails of Deep State. ♦ The UniParty now wants him removed. ♦ Nunes has become a risk. ♦ Brutally obvious questions being ignored by media … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124269,"Progressive and intolerant Colin Powell has the whole gun debate figured out: “why can’t we just test everybody” before they are allowed to own a firearm?

There’s those pesky “Bill of Rights” thingy’s again. Maybe we could test before allowing voting rights. Or, well, maybe a stability test before free speech expression, or religious affiliation.

What’s that, those other rights can’t kill people? Really? Think about that.

And NO, driving is not a “right”, so testing is not an appropriate comparison. And if you cannot see the slippery slope to ownership of ice-cream purchasing based in physical exam and BMI (Body Mass Index) then you really don’t connect dots that well.

Here is the full interview:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45299,"If you combined Bill Whittle and Greg Gutfeld you would get Dan Joseph. I really like the way Dan Joseph cuts to the heart of the matter in the stories he covers. (Must Watch Video and Share)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222849,"The story of Ben Kruidbos (pronounced “Cried-Boss”) is a story of what happens when a man of integrity stands up against a legal authority built on corruption and political self-interest.

Yesterday a Florida Judge delivered a ruling, with extreme prejudice, against his former boss, State Attorney Angela Corey – thereby allowing a lawsuit filed by Ben to continue.

Those of you who followed the trial of George Zimmerman may remember Ben; those of you who are not familiar with the specifics might find a parallel to the current headlines of what is happening in Baltimore Maryland in the office of State Attorney Marilyn Mosby.

Ben Kruidbos was the Information Technology Director, the technology expert, within the office of the Jacksonville State Attorney Angela Corey ~Full Backstory~. In his position he was charged with retrieving and reviewing the phone data contained in the cell phone of Trayvon Martin.

The office of Angela Corey held a vested interest in the content of Trayvon’s cell phone because, as we would later discover, the content therein showed how Trayvon’s mother, Sybrina Fulton, and his father, Tracy Martin, lied to state investigators about the details surrounding Trayvon’s activities prior to his encounter with George Zimmerman.

Conversely, George Zimmerman’s defense team also held a vested interest in the cell phone content because much of the public discussion therein was fraught with intentional deception on behalf of the Martin Family attorneys Daryl Parks and Benjamin Crump.

During the trials discovery phase, the FBI and various technological experts extracted data from the phone. In addition the State Attorney’s office also extracted data – some very alarming data, some very controversial data, and much of that data the State did not want to hand over to the defense team.

Consequently, Angela Corey, and state prosecutor Bernie De La Rionda, tried to hide much of the phone data from the Zimmerman defense team.

Enter Ben Kruidbos, who was charged with extracting and analyzing the data and documenting the content therein. Ben noted he was, and had, extracted far more data than was turned over to the defense during discovery. Angela Corey was intentionally trying to hide explosive information from the Zimmerman defense team.

Ben was stuck in an ethical conundrum. He knew data was being hidden by his boss, and yet simultaneously he would be putting his job in jeopardy if he questioned them about it. Ben tried unsuccessfully to discuss the issue with lead prosecutor Bernie De La Rionda, who wanted nothing to do with it because De La Rionda knew the inherent risks within the conversation.

Ben made the decision to reach out to another person for advice and counsel; a former prosecutor in the office named Wes White.

During the pre-trial ‘discovery phase’, Wes White was called to the witness stand by the defense and asked about the total of the phone content. Eventually this led to Ben Kruidbos also taking the stand, and the Corey ruse to manipulate evidence was exposed.

None of the details ever came out in trial, or in front of the jury. Judge Debra Nelson told both the State and Defense teams she was going to address the unethical conduct and possibility for sanctions after the trial. However, on the day the jury handed the not guilty verdict in the Zimmerman trial, Ben Kruidbos was fired by Angela Corey.

Several months later Ben filed a wrongful termination lawsuit, seeking whistleblower protection, against State Attorney Angela Corey.

In response Corey filed a counterclaim against Ben Kruidbos, essentially trying to put him into the legal grinder and wear him down.

Yesterday a Florida judge ruled that Corey’s 2-count counterclaim was dismissed with prejudice (a written order will probably take a month to be issued and filed).

Once the judges Order dismissing the counterclaim is entered, Ben Kruidbos’s suit will be “at issue”, which means the pleadings are closed and there will then be a trial order issued setting various dates for completion of discovery, motions for summary judgment, etc., and then a trial date. That actual trial is probably not likely to occur until the end of the year.

However, to show how convoluted, corrupt, and dangerous a rogue State Attorney can be, we would like to direct your attention to paragraphs 10 & 11 of the allegations of facts found within her failed counterclaim:

[…] 11. Even if the information Plaintiff disclosed to the defense during the Trayvon Martin case did not rise to the level of confidential work product, it was still information belonging to and considered confidential by State Attorney, and Plaintiff should not have disclosed it or authorized it to be disclosed to a third party, especially to the defense attorneys in an active prosecution being conducted by State Attorney.

Think about this paragraph.

State Attorney Corey’s position is not only convoluted, but it demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of our Constitution. The DEFENDANT’S (Zimmerman’s) rights, like the right to a fair trial, in a criminal proceedings are superior to any arguable right that she has to shield negative information that might harm her case.

Corey has an obligation under the law to disclose any material facts which might support, OR IMPUGN her case. She represents the state, and the State’s goal is the lawful application of justice; regardless of who wins/loses.

Think about the ramifications in all of State Attorney Angela Corey’s responsibilities if she, or anyone, is allowed to hide evidence which exonerates the accused, and achieve a guilty verdict despite the transparency of innocence, which only she is privy to.

What does that say about the integrity of the office?

See how dangerous it can be to have such legal authority in positions of power?

Yeah, I think we all can find current parallels:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223128,"WASHINGTON — The Senate on Friday passed a resolution that would fund the government through Nov. 15 and provide funding for Obamacare.

One week ago, the House passed a government funding bill that funded the government through Dec. 15 and defunded Obamacare. Over the vocal and longwinded — 21 hours and 19 minutes to be exact — objections of Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz, a majority of senators voted to amend the House bill to include funding for the health-care plan, set to be implemented next week.

Senators voted entirely along party lines to amend the bill and then to pass it, with all 54 Democrats voting in favor of amending and passing the new bill and all 44 present Republicans voting against it. Republicans Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch and Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake were not present for the votes for family reasons.

The bill now goes back to the Republican-controlled House, which is unlikely to agree to the Democrat-controlled Senate bill as written.

Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has insisted that the Senate will pass a government funding bill with no attachments, and that he will not negotiate with the House on that issue.

“We want a clean [government funding bill]. That’s what we’re gonna get,” Reid told reporters at a press conference Thursday.

If the two chambers cannot agree on a plan to fund the government before then, the government will shut down on Tuesday. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224677,"I shall just keep quiet and allow Mitch to speak for himself. It’s amazing how the talking points of the UniParty take flight:

https://twitter.com/ABCPolitics/status/836657622333825024/video/1

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45601,"WASHINGTON DC – Embattled U.N. envoy Susan Rice is dropping out of the running to be the next secretary of state after months of criticism over her Benghazi comments, she told NBC News on Thursday.

“If nominated, I am now convinced that the confirmation process would be lengthy, disruptive and costly – to you and to our most pressing national and international priorities,” Rice wrote in a letter to President Obama, saying she’s saddened by the partisan politics surrounding her prospects.

“That trade-off is simply not worth it to our country…Therefore, I respectfully request that you no longer consider my candidacy at this time,” she wrote in the letter obtained by NBC News.

Rice had been viewed as one of the front-runners to replace Hillary Clinton as the nation’s top foreign policy official. (more)

ANDREA MITCHELL: I think this had become sort of an impossible challenge for her to be confirmed, that she realized that, the White House realized it as well. I think they know they are on good political solid ground, as you were just pointing out. This is not going to help Republicans at all, the fact that a woman and a woman of color has been forced out of a confirmation process even before she was nominated.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129018,"In case you are wondering what the term means, I found the following definition on Wikipedia:

A brokered convention is a situation in United States politics in which there are not enough delegates ‘won’ during the presidential primary and caucus elections for a single candidate to have a pre-existing majority, during the first official vote for a political party’s presidential-candidate at its nominating convention.

Once the first ballot, or vote, has occurred, and no candidate has a majority of the delegates’ votes, the convention is then considered brokered; thereafter, the nomination is decided through a process of alternating political horse-trading, and additional re-votes.

In this circumstance, all regular delegates (who, previously, were pledged to the candidate who had won their respective state’s primary or caucus election) are “released,” and are able to switch their allegiance to a different candidate before the next round of balloting. It is hoped that this ‘freedom’ will result in a re-vote resulting in a clear majority of delegates for one candidate.

Superdelegate votes are counted on the first ballot. Although the term “brokered convention” is sometimes used to refer to a convention where the outcome is decided by superdelegate votes rather than pledged delegates alone, this is not the original sense of the term. Like a brokered convention, the potentially decisive role played by superdelegates can often go against the popular vote from the primaries and caucuses.

Before the era of presidential primary elections, political party conventions were routinely brokered. Adlai Stevenson (of the 1952 Democratic Party) and Thomas Dewey (of the 1948 Republican Party) were the most recent “brokered convention” presidential nominees. The last winning U.S. presidential nominee produced by a brokered convention was Franklin D. Roosevelt, in 1932.

I also found this post at Red State, and thought it was interesting:

First step is to justify the idea of a brokered convention. This is an idea that is within the rules. It is not something that is under-handed. It is the age old way we used to select nominees. Abe Lincoln wasn’t so bad and he was selected through a contentious convention. Second, I will explore why this race demands a brokered convention. Third I will look at ways to make it happen.

Okay, so is a brokered convention bogus? It is somehow not a valid part of the process? No. This is easy. The conventions only became coronations in the very recent past of electoral politics. And interestingly, the Republican Party did not write the rules in the 70′s to make a brokered convention impossible. The rules make it less likely, but not impossible. So there are circumstances when a brokered convention is allowed. To suggest this would anger voters and make them feel like they don’t matter, I say BAH! How do voters feel when a nominee is selected by the time three states vote in a primary? When candidates they like are bounced after Iowa and New Hampshire and no one else gets a chance to voice their opinion? A convention is more democratic than that because all states send delegates to defend their interests. So don’t tell me a convention that actually selects the nominee is somehow invalid. Barry Goldwater as nominated by a conservative movement manuvering in a convention.

Next, do we need a brokered convention this year? Yes! Mitt Romney is not a conservative. His defining characteristic is his ambition which leaves a long trail of shifting positions that makes him appear to be a ideological sociopath. Few like him and less trust him. He is the grandfather of Obamacare. We can’t nominate the grandfather of Obamacare if we hope to draw stark lines with the Obama administration. Newt is reckless and careless. He also has shown willingness to throw conservatives under the bus. Paul and Santorum are not really going to be the nominee, but they are unacceptable too. Should we just suck it up? Some might say the process beat us and that we just have to deal with it. Not so. How did we lose? Two states into the process we don’t have a candidate! The answer is not to accept this, but to find ways within the process to win just like the Goldwater movement did in 1964. Now is not the time to just take Newt because he isn’t Romney. Newt is just one vehicle we can use to make sure we get to a stage where we have more power to pick an acceptable conservative nominee.

And that leads to strategy. Newt is the viable vehicle right now to block Romney from picking up enough steam and delegates to wrap this up. But he isn’t the long term answer to get to a brokered convention. He is a means to an end. We need to start an appartus within states with a late filing deadline to nominate favorite son candidates. We need people specifically running to lock up delegates for the first round of voting at the convention. And yes, there are states where we can do that. Continue reading….

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121786,"(Via Colin Flaherty) After looking at hundreds of cases of black mob violence in more than 70 cities all over the country in the last three years, I have found that racial violence is far more widespread than I had … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
131919,"(Via The Weekly Standard) Even as the White House strove last week to move beyond questions about the Benghazi attacks of Tuesday, September 11, 2012, fresh evidence emerged that senior Obama administration officials knowingly misled the country about what had happened in the days following the assaults.

The Weekly Standard has obtained a timeline briefed by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence detailing the heavy substantive revisions made to the CIA’s talking points, just six weeks before the 2012 presidential election, and additional information about why the changes were made and by whom.

As intelligence officials pieced together the puzzle of events unfolding in Libya, they concluded even before the assaults had ended that al Qaeda-linked terrorists were involved. Senior administration officials, however, sought to obscure the emerging picture and downplay the significance of attacks that killed a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans.

The frantic process that produced the changes to the talking points took place over a 24-hour period just one day before Susan Rice, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, made her now-famous appearances on the Sunday television talk shows.

The discussions involved senior officials from the State Department, the National Security Council, the CIA, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and the White House. (continue reading)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122480,"Well, at least he’s not trying to hide it any more… In typical Alinsky fashion note how Obama actually flips the role of the victim while he is speaking. The definition of victim is dependent on structure not behavior. The person … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224455,"CNN has continued to lead the way in manufactured news cycles through the past two years. However, last night on Don Lemon’s show they took fake news broadcasting to new levels of ridiculousness.

During a segment with Robert Reich, Don Lemon and Reich promoted a conspiracy theory that Milo Yiannopoulous actually manufactured the Berkeley protests in an effort to shut down his own speech:

.

Robert Reich […] Don, and I want to be very, very clear. I was there for part of last night, and I know what I saw. And those people were not Berkeley students. Those were outsiders, agitators. I’ve never seen them before. There’s rumors that they actually were right-wingers, they were part of a kind of a group that were organized and were ready to create the kind of tumult and danger you saw that forced the police to cancel the event.

Don Lemon […] “You think this was a strategy by Yiannopoulos or right-wingers to — they put this on so they could — in an effort to show that, you know, there’s no free speech on a college campus like UC Berkeley?”

Robert Reich […] I wouldn’t bet against it, Don. You know, again, I saw these people. They were very — they all looked almost paramilitary. They were not from the campus, and I’ve heard, you know, again, I don’t want to say factually, but I heard that there was some relationship there between these people and the right-wing, and the right-wing movement that is affiliated with Breitbart News.

.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223190,"Here is the latest news, received last night from Menagerie: Just now got word about Conner that is not good. Need more prayers. The latest echocardiogram shows his heart is not beating as strong as it should be, and the … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128707,"Pushing back against the Liberal Media is the biggest challenge we face. As Andrew Breitbart stated last week, the New Media, the New Citizen Journalist, is the only hope to find the truth. The Media is complicit in their agenda to support “their chosen one” Barack H Obama.. .. he’s right…. (ViaAmericanThinker) On the O’Reilly Factor TV show, Dennis Miller was asked his thoughts regarding the media’s response to Obama’s numerous flip flops. Miller said the media will report whatever Obama does in a positive light. We patriots are well aware of the liberal media’s love affair with Obama. And yet, for some reason, the reality of Miller’s comment hit me hard right between the eyes. I thought, “Oh my gosh. This is not funny. Our country is in serious trouble.”

Not only must we defeat the Obama administration, we must take on and defeat the liberal mainstream media as well; take on the two powerful well-funded entities committed to the fundamental transformation of America. Lord, help us!

Patriots, we can, will and must defeat this two headed evil Goliath. Despite the left’s shock and awe public relations slanderous attacks on the tea party and our candidates, we took the House of Representatives. Thus proving, they can be beaten!

I am so sick of advisors cautioning us conservatives to walk on eggshells when dealing with the liberal media. It has even been suggested that we stop using the term “tea party” due to the negative image created by the media.

Patriots, even if we change our name to the “Happy Go Lucky Nice People Movement,” we will still be targeted for destruction by the media. What part of they hate us and want us to fail do our advisors not understand? The liberal media is going to put a negative spin on whatever we say.

Now, am I advocating saying stupid provocative things? Of course not. I am advocating fearlessly and aggressively attacking Obama’s horrific record. Call out the liberal media on their biased reporting. Stop allowing the Democrats and their media minions to set the rules of engagement. Patriots, the stakes are far too high to wimp out foolishly seeking approval from those actively pursuing our total destruction.

Again, I say, what do we have to lose by confronting the democrats and the liberal media? They are going to trash us regardless.

Yes, they will call you a racist. I say this in love: “Get over it.” Throughout U.S. history many have suffered far greater and paid the ultimate sacrifice. Why? Because America is worth it.

Tons of articles have been written calling me a stupid self loathing n****r, an Uncle Tom, a tea party minstrel, a traitor, a sellout, and a clown. It all rolls off my back. I know I am on the right side. So, why should I care what evil stupid people say or think of me? But most of all, my strength and peace comes through knowing God is with us and America is worth it.

Like little David in the Bible, we must boldly confront the two headed Goliath, Obama administration/liberal media.

Why do you think Trump and Palin are doing so well in the polls? Both are boldly and unapologetically takin’ it to Obama and are not kowtowing to the liberal media. Patriots are frustrated with Republicans pandering and trying to “play nice” with a Democratic Party and liberal media who are relentlessly and viciously attempting to kill us politically. The Democrats and the liberal media take no prisoners.

Rush Limbaugh says the Democrats and liberal media will tell you who they fear most by the intensity of their attacks. Who have been numbers one, two, and three on the Democrats’ and liberal media’s list? Answer: Donald Trump, Sarah Palin, and the Tea Party. Brothers and sisters, we can beat them!

How do we defeat them? In addition to ceasing to fear Obama and his liberal media co-conspirators, we must continue doing what we have been doing. Patriots must continue following their passion and using their gifts and talents wherever needed in our extraordinary divinely inspired Tea Party Movement.

We are blessed with great minds on our side; patriots are writing books, organizing and conceiving various strategies to take back our country.

While some lament that we lack a central leadership organization or charismatic leader, I am grateful for all of our numerous patriot groups and committed individuals. Each is driven to politically defeat Obama in its own way. Their spirit is the tea party.

Just as God’s grace guided David’s stone to topple Goliath, our stone of truth, honor, and freedom will hit its mark and bring down the two headed evil Goliath of the liberal media and the Obama regime in 2012. (read article)

Lloyd Marcus, Proud Unhyphenated American

“Campaign to Defeat Barack Obama 2012”. Please join us!

Please sign and encourage your friends to sign this petition at http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/1milliontodefeatbarackobama/

LloydMarcus.com

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129926,"‘Tebowing’ becomes officially recognized as a word

It appears “Tebowing” is here to stay.

(USAToday)…The Global Language Monitor website says it acknowledges that the word Tebowing — the act of taking a knee in prayer during an athletic contest — is now part of the English language.

In today’s online world, that’s practically the equivalent of gaining acceptance to Webster’s Dictionary.

A press release from the website says the quick acceptance and use of Tebowing “has seldom been equaled, mirroring, for example, the rate of adoption of the word Obamamania in early 2008.”

Tim Tebow got the word going on Oct. 23, when famously he took a knee after his Denver Broncos completed a dramatic comeback victory against Miami in overtime.

And let’s also give Tebowing.com some credit for helping the term go viral.

Now then, what are the chances of Suh-ing catching on as a term for outbursts of anger?

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33714,"UPDATE: First teen, Robert Mitchell (17), to be charged as an adult in the attack:

Buried deep, intentionally deep, inside a Saint Louis Post dispatch article outlining the arrest of a 3rd suspect in the brutal murder of Zemir Begic you find the following passage:

[…] Seldin Dzananovic, 24, said the teens with the hammers approached him farther north on Gravois about an hour before the attack on Begic. He said he was able to fight them off, suffering only cuts to his hands and neck. “I’m just lucky,” he said. “God is on my side.”

What’s that?

You mean the other white guy whose head was smashed by a group of “unarmed teens” wielding hammers was not the first subject of their collective interest that day? Nothing to see here, move along, move along…

And what, per se’, could possibly be going on in/around the Saint Louis area in the lead up to Mr. Begic’s encounter with the “teens” – that would have motivated a roaming group of “unarmed black teens” seeking victims?

[…] St. Louis police Chief Sam Dotson spoke with residents at the street protest Sunday night. He said he was sorry about what happened and sought to reassure people the killing did not appear motivated by race or ethnicity.

Nothing to see here folks, so sayeth Police Captain Dotson; who just happened to show up on the scene because it’s now his job to, well, you know, deflect attention from the consequences of allowing the ridiculous and unlawful. I digress.

However, moments before Begic was attacked there were groups of black teens running down the street shouting:

‘Eff the white people, kill the white people.’

Yes, Zemir Begic, who happens to be white, was not the ONLY target of the five “teens” who happen to be “black”. Indeed, the suspects, and the victims, all appear to hold a similar profile. Nothing to see here folks, move along, move along. It’s all just a coincidence.

ST. LOUIS • A third male suspect in a deadly hammer attack over the weekend in the Bevo Mill neighborhood turned himself into city police headquarters late Sunday night, police say. The third suspect is 17. Two other males, 15 and 16, were in custody earlier Sunday. Homicide detectives plan to pursue charges against the suspects today. (read more)

Well, that’s good. Then again, as we’ve become all too familiar with, the narrative will soon shift to “he shouldn’t have gotten out of his car“. Gee, where have we heard that before?….. Oh yes,.. George Zimmerman shouldn’t have gotten out of his car; officer Darren Wilson shouldn’t have gotten out of his car…

The hidden subtext could be construed as the following…

In modern America, a prudent citizen should know to remain in their vehicle, doors locked, windows up, when there are young black males known to be in the vicinity.

If you do not follow the rules.. and a non-black person is shot, killed or attacked, the non-black is at fault for not following the rules the police and black grievance industry wrote for them on the Safari Park safety brochure. The principle underlines the ideological point – those doing the attacking cannot ignore their instincts, control their behavior or comply with laws.

What does this say about our society? Are we living in a drive through Safari Park? If we get out of our vehicles we deserve what we get, and we shouldn’t blame the predators, much less shoot them in self-defense?

But the reality of the ‘new lawless normal’, as printed in the Safari Park Rules Brochure is not lost on everyone:

[…] Good thing Begic didn’t have a gun. Imagine what the media would do to him if he defended himself and his wife against teenagers.

Officials claim that the attack was not related to the establishment-sponsored spectacle in nearby Ferguson. Yet there is no question that the governmedia has whipped up feral mobs throughout the country, and that these mobs have been blocking traffic and attacking cars, even in once peaceful Minneapolis.

I’m guessing the media will not take much interest in this story. The sociopathic thug Michael Brown was a martyred saint to the sort of people who feed us our news because he was black and died while assaulting a white police officer. Begic was insignificant and expendable, like most law-abiding, taxpaying citizens.

Indeed.

It’s all just emotions, dontchaknow…",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222752,"A former senior advisor to Nancy Pelosi, now on the Civil Rights Commission, wants to restrict free speech on campus because college student brains are not completely formed…..

…. which begs the ultimate “D’oh” question:

So why allow them to vote ?

Wait,.. wha.. huh?…

(Via Daily Caller) A Democrat on the U.S. Civil Rights Commission has urged campus restrictions on First Amendment-protected speech because, he believes, the still-developing brains of college students cannot properly process certain dangerous ideas.

The civil rights commissioner is Michael Yaki, a former senior adviser to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.

The Washington Post’s Eugene Volokh was present at a commission on a briefing on sexual harassment law in education last week when Yaki made his bizarro comments.

The civil rights commissioner said he favors outlawing speech that would be grossly unpopular, such as “a slave auction at a fraternity engagement” or a celebration of Latino culture that involves “making everyone dress as janitors and mop floors.”

Yaki also wants to turn Miss America-type pageants into campus speech crimes. He expressed his belief in the unacceptable dangers of “a situation involving women” in which they “parade around in skimpy clothing and turn in some show or something.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
224966,"Rome – Archbishop Timothy Dolan, the head of the 2.6-million member Archdiocese of New York, was elevated to the prestigious College of Cardinals in an elaborate ceremony at the Vatican on Saturday.

Elevated to the position along with 21 other new cardinals, including the Archbishop Edwin O’Brien of Baltimore, 62-year-old Dolan’s new position means that he is among an exclusive group of 214 of Pope Benedict XVI’s close advisers.

The College of Cardinals is best known for being the group that picks the new pope. With the new appointments, there are 125 cardinals eligible to vote for a new pope and 214 total cardinals. Cardinals who are over 80 years old are not allowed to vote.

Dolan has been in Rome this week for a flurry of Masses and media appearances leading up to Saturday’s elevation.

Dolan, ordained as a parish priest in St. Louis in 1976, held several academic positions at Catholic universities before becoming the auxiliary bishop of St. Louis in 2001. A little over a year later, he was appointed the Archbishop of Milwaukee. In 2009, he became the archbishop of New York and was elected to lead the bishops’ conference in 2010. As head of New York’s church, he oversees Catholic life in Manhattan, the Bronx, Staten Island and many of the city’s suburbs.

Dolan’s elevation will give New York two living cardinals who can vote for a new pope, a rarity in the Catholic church. The other is Cardinal Edward Egan, the former archbishop of New York, who was elevated in February of 2001. Egan turns 80 in April. The move by the pope to promote Dolan while his predecessor remains of voting age is a break with tradition, which church observers say shows how much the pope favors New York’s Catholic leader. (more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133170,"We anticipate more than one thread will be needed for tonight’s election night results. It will be a late night for Oregon results (around 11:00pm)

Oregon and Kentucky (Dem Only) Vote Today

√ Hillary Wins Kentucky (Barely – very close)

√ Bernie Sanders Wins Oregon (53%).

√ Donald Trump wins Oregon (68%)

♦ On the Democrat side Kentucky is a must win for Hillary Clinton, she doesn’t stand a chance in Oregon. Sanders would continue his forward momentum with a victory tonight in Kentucky and Oregon. The stakes are high.

UPDATE 10:30pm: Kentucky is super close. However, Hillary Clinton sycophant Alison Lundergun Grimes (KY Secretary of State) actually went on live TV (via CNN) with 99% of the vote in [Clinton 46.7% to Sanders 46.3%] and declared Hillary Clinton the winner:

♦ The media is doing everything they can to take down Team Bernie tonight, but Bernie had a strong victory in Oregon.

♦ On the Republican side Donald Trump easily won Oregon.

Polls close in Kentucky at 7:00pm Eastern (6:00pm CDT) – Polls close in Oregon at 11:00pm Eastern (8:00pm PDT)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129217,"In a general sense the political left, and more specifically Democrats, have done an exceptional job of brainwashing two generations of U.S. citizens into thinking the far right (Conservative-Republican) is the origin of deadly governmental conflict.

Perhaps it’s prudent to remind everyone that Democrats are the only political ideology in modern history who have openly used force to mass murder large numbers of citizens into compliance. There are essentially three modern examples (in the past 30 years) where the US government has intentionally killed U.S. citizens.

Two of those examples, Philadelphia (Pennsylvania) and Waco (Texas), resulted in mass casualty events with the authorized full scale use of fire bombs, snipers, tanks and various mechanized weaponry against civilians.

First – The 1985 dropping of a gel based hydrogen bomb against “MOVE” in Philadelphia by Democrat Wilson Goode. In that example the Mayor ordered a National Guard and Police helicopter to air drop an explosive bomb onto the squatters inside a Philadelphia housing complex. Second – The Assassination at Ruby Ridge ordered by GHW Bush and William Barr in 1992. In that example they ordered Federal Snipers to shoot and kill Randy Weaver and his family (2 killed, 2 wounded) under the auspices of the Weaver family illegally owning firearms.

Third – WACO Texas massacre at the Branch Davidian compound. Where Democrat Bill Clinton and Janet Reno carried out the largest full scale slaughter of citizens. Federal agents killed 76 men, women and children in 1993.

So as you watch the events unfold “right now” at the Bundy Ranch in Nevada – it’s prudent to consider that yet again another Democrat administration is in power, and yet again there is a potential tinderbox where a large scale murder is a concerning consequence of an out of control government intent on exhibiting its oppression and strength.

The Bundy Summary

It is a sad yet typical reality you won’t find any of those supposed “civil rights” leftist types putting forth any effort to stop a Democrat in office from killing people. This time around Barack Obama and Eric Holder replace Clinton and Reno.

While it might be hip and cool to think that Democrats are the “free love” party of social liberation – the actual and empirical evidence is 180° divergent.

The ‘liberal social policies’, which Democrats proclaim to support, are mere masks used to hide the real nature of Big Government Totalitarianism enforcers who will literally and actually kill people if they fail to conform to their federal demands.

The mainstream media are to the cause of Democrats – what CAIR is to the cause of radical Muslim extremists; propagandist tools, deflectors and apologists who hide the actual goals of the Big Government Power elite.

The academic indoctrination machines of higher education journalism schools churn out the reporters/journalists who exit with a diploma and an embedded ideological script. If, after years of saturation, one of them dare begin to question the construct of the ruse they end up like Sharyl Attkisson.

Think about that as you consider the Bundy Ranch Patriots !

NEVADA – From near and wide, armed men are trickling toward Cliven Bundy’s ranch, where the rancher’s fight with the federal government has become a rallying cry for militia groups across the United States.

On Wednesday, that dispute teetered at the edge of deadly conflict, when Cliven Bundy’s family members and supporters scuffled with rangers from the Bureau of Land Management sent to protect the federal roundup of Bundy’s cattle on public land.

One of Bundy’s seven sons was shot with a stun gun, and Bundy’s sister was knocked to the ground; but no one was seriously hurt, and no arrests were made.

By late Wednesday, three militia members — two from Montana and one from Utah — had arrived at the ranch 80 miles northeast of Las Vegas. Other militia groups have inundated the Bundy household with calls and pledges to muster at the site.

Their stated goal: to protect the Bundys from tyranny. They say they are prepared for armed confrontation, but they insist they will not be the instigators if bloodshed happens. Ryan Payne and Jim Lardy, members of the West Mountain Rangers, made the 12-hour drive from western Montana on Tuesday night.

Payne is also a coordinator with Operation Mutual Aid, a national association that describes itself as a coalition of state militias.

“They all tell me they are in the process of mobilizing as we speak,” Payne said. He didn’t put a specific estimate on how many militia members may come, but he said the groups expected are from places like New Hampshire, Texas and Florida and could number in the hundreds.

“We need to be the barrier between the oppressed and the tyrants,” he said. “Expect to see a band of soldiers.”

Payne, 30, and Lardy, 49, both wore holstered handguns as they spoke, but they downplayed the display of firepower. They wear their weapons daily. They say the goals are for no one to be harmed, the Bundy family to be protected, and the Bundy property restored.

For now, the militia members will camp on the Bundy ranch. They say the issue isn’t about cattle or grazing rights; it’s about constitutional rights. “We’re not anti-government,” said Lardy, who cuts firewood for a living. “We’re anti-corrupt government.”

Stephen Dean, 45, an artist from Utah, said he made the trip in hopes of heading off another Ruby Ridge or Waco, referring to deadly confrontations involving federal agents in Idaho in 1992 and in Texas in 1993.

A member of the People’s United Mobile Armed Services, Dean said he also carries weapons more powerful than his firearms: a camera and the Internet. Those tools will document the plight of the Bundy ranch and bring the issue to light, he said. “I’m here to see it does happen differently.”

Serious bloodshed was narrowly avoided earlier in the day, when a BLM ranger shot Ammon Bundy, a son of Cliven Bundy, with a stun gun during a heated confrontation a few miles from the ranch house.

A YouTube video shows protesters and law enforcement officers yelling and threatening each other as trucks involved in the roundup attempt to drive through.

The officers have stun guns drawn, and one is trying to push the crowd back with a barking dog on a leash.

Cheryl Teerlink, said Ammon Bundy was hit by a stun gun in his arm, chest and neck, but he shook off the first attempt to incapacitate him. “I pulled the tasers out of him,” Teerlink said.

(Las Vegas Journal)

CBS Las Vegas

This fence and sign was erected by a Democrat !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45091,"Details of the “emergency order” filing are not actually provided in the announcement. Most likely this is because the substantive portion of the blocked presidential action is not anticipated to be a winning argument which would allow a restart.

Any aspect of President Obama’s former “executive action” which would change the legally identified status of illegal aliens by dictatorial fiat would easily lose, even on an appeal action seeking a restart. Meaning his goal to create an entirely distinct status of “eligible alien” for employment or benefit would not pass muster.

However, if Obama merely seeks to reestablish his authority to use prosecutorial discretion -allowing DHS to selectively enforce deportation- he will probably have a greater likelihood of winning the appeal/restart order.

(Via The Hill) Officials at the Department of Justice (DOJ) plan to seek what is known as an emergency stay that would essentially undo a Texas-based federal judge’s injunction from earlier this week. If the stay is granted, the government could restart a pair of executive programs that will shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation.

White House press secretary Josh Earnest said DOJ will file for the stay by “Monday at the latest.”

The emergency stay had been sought by immigrant rights advocates, who want to get the programs up and running as soon as possible while the appeals process plays out.

“We — as immigrants and as Americans — have waited for nearly a quarter century for these much-needed improvements to our broken immigration system,” Marielena Hincapié, head of the National Immigration Law Center (NILC), said Friday in a statement. “We should not allow a flawed legal decision to delay these changes any longer.”

Making good on earlier vows, DOJ will also file a separate appeal to a federal district court in Brownsville, Texas, seeking to restart the executive programs.

“We will seek that appeal because we believe when you evaluate the legal merits of the arguments, that there is a solid legal foundation for the president to take the steps he announced last year to help reform our immigration system,” Earnest said. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129460,"Huckabee just announced live via his show that he will NOT run for president !!

(Fox News) — Mike Huckabee said Saturday there would be no sequel to his surprisingly strong 2008 White House bid, in which he won the Iowa Republican caucus and finished second in the primaries to Sen. John McCain.

“All the factors say go, but my heart says no,” Huckabee, who was considered the GOP frontrunner in several national polls, said on his Fox News Channel show.

“The past few months have been times of deep personal reflection,” Huckabee said. “Even though I wasn’t actively establishing a campaign organization or seeking financial support to run again, polls have consistently put me at or near the top to be the Republican nominee.”

“But I know that under the best of circumstances, being President is a job that takes one to the limit of his or her human capacity,” he continued. “I can’t know or predict the future, but I know for now my answer is clear and firm: I will not seek the Republican nomination for President this year.”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
124464,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) – Hawkish Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu emerged the bruised winner of Israel’s election on Tuesday, claiming victory despite unexpected losses to resurgent center-left challengers.

Exit polls showed the Israeli leader’s Likud party, yoked with the ultra-nationalist Yisrael Beitenu group, would still be the biggest bloc in the 120-member assembly with 31 seats, 11 fewer than the 42 they held in the previous parliament.

If the exit polls compiled by three local broadcasters prove correct – and they normally do in Israel – Netanyahu would be on course for a third term in office, perhaps leading a hardline coalition that would promote Jewish settlement on occupied land.

The 63-year-old Israeli leader promised during his election campaign to focus on tackling Iran’s nuclear ambitions if he won, shunting Palestinian peacemaking well down the agenda despite Western concern to keep the quest for a solution alive. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225008,"For a campaign that prides itself on structural excellence which, they claim, provides them with an equivalent capability to take on Obama, they sure did a big stupid with this optic. You can bet your last dollar Team Obama was smiling with glee … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45052,"A left-wing gay activist and Texas pastor, Jordan Brown, is now facing serious legal issues for manufacturing a fake lawsuit against the grocery store Whole Foods in Austin Texas.

“After a deeper investigation of Mr. Brown’s claim, we believe his accusations are fraudulent and we intend to take legal action against both Mr. Brown and his attorney” ~Whole Foods.

The controversy initially began when Pastor Jordan Brown posted the following video to his Facebook account, and then followed up the issue by hiring an attorney to sue Whole Foods:

However, the entire incident is a complete fraud and thankfully Whole Foods is fighting back, including the release of store CCTV video showing Mr. Brown at the point of sale checking out and paying for his purchase.

Here’s the CCTV video which refutes the claim of Mr. Brown. Notice a few glaringly obvious issues:

The cashier scans the barcode which is atop the cake. In the video made by Mr. Brown the barcode is on the side of the box – it has been moved after leaving the store. The top of the cake box is “windowed” for a reason. The customer is able to see the top of the cake – in order to believe Mr. Brown’s claim you’d have to believe he didn’t look at the writing after asking for the cake to be customized. Anyone familiar with the process knows the cake is pre-made, the customization comes after the cake is already in a retail display case for the selection. The cake box exits the store unsealed because the original seal was removed *before* the clerk could write on it, and once customized the label is applied to the top of the box as evidenced in the CCTV checkout video.

How and why Mr. Brown thought he could get away with this is absolutely ridiculous. However, now that Brown has damaged the reputation of Whole Foods it is a very good idea for the company to counter-sue and protect their brand-image and reputation.

Here’s video of Pastor Brown and his attorney making their accusations.

A Complete Hoax !

“We stand behind our bakery team member, who is part of the LGBTQ community, and we appreciate the team members and shoppers who recognize that this claim is completely false and directly contradicts Whole Foods Market’s inclusive culture, which celebrates diversity,” the company said. More than a half a dozen calls and emails to both Brown and his attorney Austin Kaplan seeking comment were not immediately returned Tuesday . (link)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128444,"Desperate for attention with diminishing poll numbers Michele Bachmann is circling the drain.

(PJ Tatler) Michele Bachmann looks increasingly desperate — sinking in the polls, money drying up, and now flailing away at the wife of one of her opponents. Check out the ad just released by a Bachmann super-PAC ironically called “Keep Conservatives United.”

Says the DesMoines Register:

An independent campaign group supporting presidential candidate Michele Bachmann is taking its message to Iowa TV. Keep Conservatives United will air a 30-second commercial knocking Bachmann rival Rick Perry on Fox News in the Cedar Rapids media market beginning Thursday, the group announced this morning. The add zaps Perry, the governor of Texas, for his executive order requiring girls in the state to receive a vaccine against the human papillomavirus, a sexually transmitted disease that can cause cancer. Bachmann attacked Perry on the order — which was never enforced — in a candidate debate last week.

A source in the Perry camp tells me that the ad’s central allegation — that Perry’s wife, Anita, worked for Merck — is false. To see just how dishonest this line of attack is, just check out the link that the super-PAC helpfully provides. Several years and an entirely different field (osteoporosis) separate Mrs. Perry’s consulting work from the Gardasil controversy, and Rick Perry wasn’t even governor yet. This is on the level of “Dick Cheney went to war in Iraq for Halliburton!!!!11!1!1!” and should be treated with about as much respect. And if this is the standard that Bachmann wants to set, then it becomes reasonable to ask about the donations she has accepted from Merck’s direct Gardasil competitors.

A fair reading of the facts says that Bachmann’s “pay for play” allegation is false as well. And according to the Centers for Disease Control, Gardasil is an extremely safe vaccine, so there goes the scaremongering.

Whether Bachmann wants to disavow the ad’s false claims or not, she probably ought to tread lightly on attacking other candidates’ spouses. Once you open open that Pandora’s box, there’s no way to control it and no telling how it might end up damaging you, and not your target.

How a groups intends to “keep conservatives united” by falsely smearing conservatives probably ought to be explained as well.

Up until about week ago, Michele Bachmann’s national star was rising. With each passing day and false attack, though, she is wandering off into the wacky weeds.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33614,"Searching for a way to change the narrative, Democrat leadership turns their dismissive ‘strategic’ approach toward the media and requests help. The overwhelming goal is to obfuscate the conservative/independent electorate and convince them they are in the minority. Unleveling the playing field is the goal, controlling the media is the tactic. The regime knows they cannot allow the majority of citizens to wake up to the reality.

It is alarming to realize how rabid and entrenched the progressive movement is, and what ends they will go to solidify their weak grasp of power. SEN. JOHN KERRY:

“And I have to tell you, I say this to you politely. The media in America has a bigger responsibility than it’s exercising today. The media has got to – to begin to not give equal time or equal balance to an absolutely absurd notion just because somebody asserts it or simply because somebody says something which everybody knows is not factual. “It doesn’t deserve the same credit as a legitimate idea about what you do. And the problem is everything is put into this tit-for-tat equal battle and America is losing any sense of what’s real, of who’s accountable, of who is not accountable, of who’s real, who isn’t, who’s serious, who isn’t?”

Click to Enlarge",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45188,"Weird. The French authorities are saying they can hear sounds, alarms and voices in the voice recording they have recovered from the crash site. However, they are not revealing what the voices were heard to be saying….. UPDATE: Woaaah… this … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132677,"(Via CST) Sneed hears President Barack Obama, who is this/close to Holder, has set his sights on Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick as a possible replacement “when the heat dies down on the latest hot-button scandals to hit the U.S. Justice Department,” said a top White House source.

Last year, Holder became a hot button over a congressional probe of the sale of government guns to drug cartels.

This time it’s the double whammy of an IRS scandal and the U.S. Justice Department’s seizure of Associated Press reporters’ phone records — which has caused a media uproar.

“The president will wait until the heat dies down — and a little time has passed beyond that — before he does anything to Holder because Holder is a close pal, and that’s a big deal in the White House,” said a top Dem source. “Holder is also a close buddy of Obama’s senior adviser Valerie Jarrett,” the source said. “Obama knows a change has to be made, but he wants Holder to leave with his reputation intact.” (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
2500,"

TEXAS – Fort Worth police say a man accused of kidnapping a six-year-old girl from her home also raped her before she was found.

Police say Edis Moya Alas kidnapped the girl Saturday from her home in southeast Fort Worth. The girl’s father said he noticed the front door was open and the girl was gone about 5 a.m.

Officers say Moya’s relationship to the girl is still unclear and he is not cooperating with the investigation.

Searchers began looking for the girl since she went missing Saturday. She was discovered eight hours later when a man heard screams coming from a wooded area.

Alas was interviewed by Immigration Customs Enforcement and it was determined he is in the country illegally. Alas is in the Mansfield jail with a $200,000 bond. (link)

Flashback Video:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45033,"Pennsylvania is a rather odd primary system. There are 71 total delegates available, however only 17 of those are bound to the winner of the overall state primary vote. The remaining 54 delegates are voted for on the ballot itself, … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
7496,"New York Times, Washington Post, HuffPo, Politico, WSJ, AP, Bloomberg Reuters and McClatchy reporters gather at Washington DC home of John “Skippy” Podesta to begin construction of media narrative for Clinton 2016 Presidential bid. That media bias question? Nah, nothing to see here, move along, move along….

NEW YORK — Hillary Clinton’s campaign team held an off-the-record dinner Thursday night in Washington, D.C., for roughly two dozen journalists and staff members at John Podesta’s house, according to sources familiar with the matter.

The dinner signals that the Clinton team is trying to engage with top reporters in the days before the Democrat’s expected announcement of a 2016 presidential run. It also suggests the new campaign team is looking to change course from the toxic relationship with the press that plagued the 2008 race.

Podesta, the campaign chairman and a seasoned cook, made a pasta with walnut sauce for the dinner guests, which included reporters from The New York Times, The Washington Post, Politico, The Wall Street Journal, The Associated Press, Bloomberg, McClatchy, Reuters and several major TV networks.

A Huffington Post reporter attended the dinner, but did not discuss it with this reporter.

The guests also enjoyed a shrimp appetizer, homemade cookies, and a selection of wine and beer — including, appropriately, Brooklyn Lager. (read more)

https://twitter.com/DRUDGE/status/585969415629377537",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
127437,"A 27-year old Londoner explains why they voted to exit the European Union, including the backlash and social climate. The entire article is well worth reading – Excerpt:

[…] I believe the E.U. is a fascist, racist organization, a pro-war alliance and a massive corporate lobby. The EU’s own propaganda spells out its xenophobic worldview very clearly.

The following advert from 2012 shows a white woman dressed similarly to the violent protagonist in Tarantino’s movie, Kill Bill, walking into a deserted warehouse where she is threatened by 3 insulting stereotypes: an Asian martial arts expert, a sword-yielding, flying man in a turban, and a half-naked black man threatening her with his capoeira moves.

She replicates herself all around them so they are surrounded by 12 of her, thus ‘civilising the violent barbarians’ who then sit down to negotiate before they disappear, encircled by the 12 stars of the European Union – watch it here if you don’t believe me:

[…] In my opinion, immigration should occur at a speed that the majority of the existing population, wherever they were originally from, is happy with. Elected governments should be held completely accountable to the people, which can only happen in a sovereign state with a true democracy.

With a truly educated and diverse population that was in control of its own nation, politicians would not get away with murder so easily, and trials could be held to give terroristic governments and war criminals the punishment that would prevent such leaders from ever being elected again. In order for ordinary people rather than multi-national corporations to influence governments, there needs to be democratic accountability and (more importantly) devolution of power and wealth, spread out as locally as possible to protect against corruption.

In other words, self-responsibility and self-governance is needed (the exact opposite of the EU). This would stop the bombs that are leading to the current mass influx of migrants into Europe.

Economically speaking of course, there is enough information online for anyone to see that every country in Europe is being eaten alive.

We cannot keep misinterpreting the cries of suffering people across Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal and the rest, as cries for us to stay in. Hundreds of millions of people in Europe feel under attack and need the EU to end, just as our fellow citizens do.

Of course, those who pull the strings will make austerity far worse as punishment for daring to get out, but don’t forget how dire the situation already was. Those in the mainstream who seek to dismiss the suffering of the English, Greek, or Spanish working classes as far-right bias or provincial ignorance are dangerous people with vested interests in corruption and inequality, whether they have the personal intellect to realise it or not.

For greater economic forecasts and some invaluable insights, go and read or watch anything by the Forecaster (this was the name of the 2014 documentary about his life), Martin Armstrong, whose ability to crack the code of the rigged stock market earned him 11 years in jail without trial in the United States. He is out now and it is worth finding out not only why he views the European Union as a sinking ship, but also how he places Brexit within a wider seismic global shift. (read full article)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222785,"Update: NBPP rally over, crowd dispersed, NOTAMS lifted, County Police now feel the situation is more secure.

Daily Caller reports the PD requested the NOTAMS after shots were fired at a county chopper.

….. Developing …..

h/t Gateway Pundit:

“Temporary flight restrictions are in effect. Only relief aircraft operations under direction of St. Louis County Police Department are authorized in the air space ….”

The NOTAMS is in support of air surveillance for the Black Panther Rally taking place in Ferguson.

As Jim Hoft notes: The protest Tuesday is being sponsored by a who’s who of radical far left organizations including: the Tauheed Youth Organization, Organization for Black Struggle (a pro-Hamas group), New Black Panther Party (NBPP), Moorish Science Temple, Nation of Islam – Mosque 28, and the Universal African Peoples Organization (UAPO).

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126005,"Candidate Donald Trump holds a commanding lead in almost every poll. While the media broadcast public polls, the internal polling actually drives the campaign activity. With that in mind the public polls provide ‘retrospective’ to either support, or undercut, the … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129134,"(The Blaze) — Could this be the clearest sign yet that Texas Gov. Rick Perry will run for president? The governor admitted recently that he’s considering a run after previously shooting the idea down. And now, a source close to the Gingrich campaign tells The Blaze that Perry has offered Gingrich’s now-departed campaign manager, Rob Johnson — who used to be the campaign manager for Perry — his old job back.

According to the source, “Rob and Perry spoke last week and Perry told him his old job is waiting for him.” “I know that for a fact,” the source said.

That Johnson would hook up again with Perry may not be surprising considering the Perry news recently. Insiders have linked him, as well as fellow former Perry aide David Carney, to a possible Perry run over the last month. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121150,"They’ve never been asked to provide birth control; it’s never been a part of their health insurance plan, before, during or after ObamaCare. It has never been a consideration or request of any individual within their religious enclave. Yet still, … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129007,"Newt Wins Big

Final UPDATE 10:30pm with 99% of precincts reporting – Fox Has The Live Link – Click Here

Newt takes the stand to deliver a victory speech at 9:30pm

Newt Takes 15 point lead……

Newt working on lapping the field…… pulling away

Here Comes The Can-O-Whoopass on Mittens !!!!

These Early reports show Romney is in first place. However FOX news has called the race for Gingrich based on exit polling.

What a difference a week makes. Last week there were six candidates in the race and all the talk was about Mitt Romney strolling into the nomination. Today there are four candidates remaining and one of Romney’s victories has been reversed. Today the people of South Carolina will hold their primary election. With the confirmation that Rick Santorum won Iowa, and Mitt Romney having won New Hampshire, it is entirely possible that Newt Gingrich could win South Carolina and any effective momentum Romney previously held will have been crushed. Three primaries and three different winners.

As the polling results come in we will update this thread and provide links to real-time results data once the systems are in place.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
121788,Mailboxes along the roads and old barns set back in fields overgrown with weeds often served as landmarks in rural Montana. These landmarks told us where we were and how far we had to go. Sometimes they signaled “home” and the end … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128198,Question? When the word “electability” is thrown around do you define it by difficulty? Is the least electable candidate the most ‘difficult’ to get elected? Is the most electable candidate the ‘easiest’ to get elected?,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
132726,"Picture from HERE after the defense posted their discovery HERE.

QUESTION: Was this picture taken of Trayvon Martin’s cell phone taken while inside a modern data forensics lab consisting of a faraday cage or “Screen Room“?

If so, this might be a big deal. If not, it’s irrelevant.

I lean toward irrelevant because it appears the phone is picking up a localized signal while the picture was being taken (note the signal strength identifier). A properly constructed faraday cage or “screen room” would be blocking the incoming transmission signal.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128983,"We have a guest post today by gfcinthatorder, with collaboration by GruntOfMonteCristo. Our thanks to them for supplying us with this post. Gfc has found the perfect poem for us, Treepers. Little Red Riding Hood has changed her attitude.

As soon as Wolf began to feel

That he would like a decent meal,

He went and knocked on Grandma’s door.

When Grandma opened it, she saw

The sharp white teeth, the horrid grin,

And Wolfie said, “May I come in?”

Poor Grandmamma was terrified,

“He’s going to eat me up!” she cried.

And she was absolutely right.

He ate her up in one big bite.

But Grandmamma was small and tough,

And Wolfie wailed, “That’s not enough!

I haven’t yet begun to feel

That I have had a decent meal!”

He ran around the kitchen yelping,

“I’ve got to have a second helping!”

Then added with a frightful leer,

“I’m therefore going to wait right here

Till Little Miss Red Riding Hood

Comes home from walking in the wood.”

He quickly put on Grandma’s clothes,

(Of course he hadn’t eaten those).

He dressed himself in coat and hat.

He put on shoes, and after that,

He even brushed and curled his hair,

Then sat himself in Grandma’s chair.

In came the little girl in red.

She stopped. She stared. And then she said,

“What great big ears you have, Grandma.”

“All the better to hear you with,”

the Wolf replied.

“What great big eyes you have, Grandma.”

said Little Red Riding Hood.

“All the better to see you with,”

the Wolf replied.

He sat there watching her and smiled.

He thought, I’m going to eat this child.

Compared with her old Grandmamma,

She’s going to taste like caviar.

Then Little Red Riding Hood said, “

But Grandma, what a lovely great big

furry coat you have on.”

“That’s wrong!” cried Wolf.

“Have you forgot

To tell me what BIG TEETH I’ve got?

Ah well, no matter what you say,

I’m going to eat you anyway.”

The small girl smiles. One eyelid flickers.

She whips a pistol from her knickers.

She aims it at the creature’s head,

And bang bang bang, she shoots him dead.

A few weeks later, in the wood,

I came across Miss Riding Hood.

But what a change! No cloak of red,

No silly hood upon her head.

She said, “Hello, and do please note

My lovely furry wolfskin coat.”

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
225058,"By Elvis Chupacabra

The old timers said that a dry, chill wind was blowing out of the northwest, right from the heart of the Commancheria, that dawn of March 6, 1836. It ripped the palls of black smoke billowing from the old Alamo mission into ragged tendrils and hurled them away, as if trying to clear the air of the sickly sweet smell of burning flesh and the acrid stench of gunpowder. By the time the sun broke above the horizon and cast a golden light over the old mission-turned-fortress, gunshots still sporadically rent the air, but the main sound was that of an enraged mob.

Near the old chapel, there was a tumult as isolated survivors trying to escape across the scrub were mercilessly pounced upon by the Mexican cavalry and savagely killed. Inside the compound, the soldatos, their blood lust and anger fed by the sight of men who’d killed so many of their compadres, pounced upon the unarmed wounded and able. Men trying to surrender were cut down. No quarter was shown.

As the last of the defenders were killed in the approaches to the chapel and inside the old chapel itself, it was the bayonet that did the work. With it, the enraged soldatos could work up close and savor the agony and torment of the men who, in the pre-dawn darkness, had poured a deadly cannonade and withering musket fire into their close-packed ranks. Many of the Texian defenders were tossed bodily upon the bayonets of several soldiers.

Even when all the defenders were dead, the soldatos’ rage continued unabated as the Texian bodies were desecrated, and every hiding space was checked for anyone left alive. The young son of one of the non-combatants hiding in the sacristy was shot when he stood up to place a blanket around his shoulders. Mexican officers quickly placed all non-combatants under their personal protection.

Soon, the officers and non-coms were called to take charge, but like the British regulars at Badajoz, they were immune to orders, exhortations or threats, even when His Excellency, General Santa Anna showed up to inspect his handiwork. Finally, buglers were summoned and after several calls of Retreat and Assembly, the uniformed mob began to respond. Now, only the awful cries of the Mexican wounded and dying could be heard. All the Texians fighters were dead. The Texian non-combatants – women, children and Negro slaves – who’d been hiding in the sacristy, were now prisoners of theMexican Army.

While General Santa Anna basked in his glorious victory, the poor soldatos and Zapadores (sappers), who’d paid the butcher’s bill, sat dazed in the glorious sunshine of the day they’d prayed they would live to see. Some of them clutched Rosaries, and tears of both grief and thanksgiving swept away the black powder residue from many faces. Their adrenalin was spent, their mettle in battle tested. Others were too numb to do anything except obey as their officers and non-coms, now in control, sought to turn the mob back into an army.

As that strange, post-battle gloom and quiet settled over the old mission compound, only the cries of the Mexican wounded and dying could be heard. Like all wounded, they were crying for their mothers, praying, cursing and begging for water. Always water. The first of the soldaderas – the solders’ “wives” – appeared, seeking their men. Their keening wails, agonized cries and shouts of relief spoke plaintively of whether their soldatos were dead, wounded or alive.

Flames consumed the long buildings across the side of the old mission compound – the so-called north barrack and Long Barracks – which had been taken only by room-to-room fighting and at a terrible cost. The rooms of the north barrack and the Long Barracks had been well prepared well in advance in the event the Mexicans breached the walls and gained entry. The Texians made the rooms formidable redoubts by trenching the floors and barricading the entrances with raw cowhides packed with earth. For a short time, the Texians had held out in these fortified rooms, exacting more casualties from the attackers.

As the Texians were swept off the crumbling old walls by the third Mexican assault of the pre-dawn attack, they neglected to spike their cannons, one of them a fine 18-pounder. These cannons were used by the Mexicans, used to great effect to assault the fortified barrack rooms.

The Mexicans turned the abandoned Texian cannons on the barricaded defenders. With cannon blast followed by a musket volley, the Mexican soldiers stormed the rooms. With sword, bayonet, knife, and fist the adversaries clashed. The trapped Texian defenders used every instrument at their disposal and fought like men who, knowing their death is certain, were resolved to exact the greatest toll possible in Mexican lives. In the darkened, smoke-filled rooms, it was hard to tell friend from foe, and historians have speculated that many Mexicans were undoubtedly killed and maimed by their own men.

Room by room, the Mexicans systematically took the north barrack and the Long Barracks. The Texian dead were invisible amongst the heaps of dead and wounded Mexicans. As the sun rose, the light began to pick out the soot-muted uniform colors of the various Mexican assault companies, mixed and entwined in death as they were in the confusing melee that swept over the Alamo compound.

The last resistance was in the chapel. Again, the Mexicans used captured cannon to blast apart the defenses of the entrance. James Bonham, Almaron Dickinson and Gregorio Esparza fired one last blast from their cannon into the onrushing attackers, then grabbed muskets but finally died under a fusillade of musketry or on the point of a Mexican bayonet.

The body of William Travis lay somewhere around the north wall, where he was killed firing his shotgun into the massed troops below early in the final assault. James Bowie died on his sickbed, and depending on which legend you believe, he either died too ill to raise his head or propped on a pillow with a brace of pistols and his famous knife.

One of Santa Anna’s officers records that the soldatos overwhelmed and captured a small group of defenders. His account states that David Crockett was among them. These prisoners were brought before Santa Anna and noting their valor in battle, General Castrillon asked for mercy on their behalf. Instead, Santa Anna answered with a “gesture of indignation” and ordered they be immediately executed. When grimy and exhausted officers who’d participated in the battle hesitated, His Excellency gestured to a group of nearby officers who’d taken no part in the assault. They immediately fell upon the helpless Texians with their swords. A Mexican officer wrote admiringly in his journal that: “Though tortured before they were killed, these unfortunates died without complaining and without humiliating themselves before their torturers.”

On Santa Anna’s orders, the Alcalde of San Antonio de Bexar, Francisco Ruiz, organized citizens to gather to gather firewood. The dead Texians and wood were stacked in alternating layers, forming three pyres, and at 5:00PM, these pyres were set ablaze.

That same dry, north wind, blowing from the heart of the Commancheria, fanned high the flames of those pyres, and embers floated into the darkening gloom. The fires burned, hot and bright, long into the next day, turning the mortal remains of the Alamo defenders into ashes. But from these pyres rose a flame of a different type, so powerful and hot as to ignite a hatred, a yearning for vengeance that would drive a rabble army beyond its endurance to a marshy place on the lower San Jacinto River. It was from this crucible, poured from the furnaces of stout and resolute hearts, that a new Republic was forged. Forged in the refiner’s fire of everlasting victory!

The Republic of Texas.

Victory or Death!

Related Articles:

The Alamo Survivors http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Texan_survivors_of_the_Battle_of_the_Alamo

The Alamo As A Pyrrhic Victory: The Mexican Experience In The Battle Of The Alamo http://www.lurj.org/article.php/vol1n2/alamo.xml

The Alamo Visitors’ Site (very good) http://www.thealamo.org/visitors/overview.php

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122603,"

EGYPT – The Egyptian defense minister has ordered the repair and reconstruction of all churches that suffered damage in the country’s violent demonstrations since the Egyptian military removed President Mohamed Morsi from power last month.

Defense minister Col. Gen. Abdel Fattah El-Sisi intends to fix the damage to Coptic churches at Rabaa Adaweya and Nahda squares, according to a report by the Mid-East Christian News.

Dozens of churches were attacked and burned in riots after thousands of demonstrators took to the streets of Cairo and other Egyptian cities to demand the end of what they call military rule, following the removal of Morsi on July 3. Many of Morsi’s supporters have voiced criticism at Egypt’s Christian minority for largely supporting the military’s decision to oust him from office.

“The Egyptian defense minister ordered the engineering department of the armed forces to swiftly repair all the affected churches, in recognition of the historical and national role played by our Coptic brothers,” read a statement that aired on Egyptian television.

Bishop Mousa thanked Sisi for his efforts to repair the damaged churches.

“We thank Col. Gen. Sisi for commissioning the brave Egyptian armed forces to rebuild the places of worship damaged during the recent events,” Bishop Mousa said on Twitter. (read more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
2491,Apparently the U.S. media has chosen this week to once again reassert itself as the epitome of broadcast propaganda; Pravda must have been giving them a run for the ruses. One of the examples today comes from the nascent Jake … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
5764,"This is still just, well, too funny. The media are carrying a live-feed pool video of the Trump Tower lobby again as the interest on the comings and goings continues. There are dozens of reporters staged in the lobby and … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
123117,"“Brexit Voters Were Angry” – “Donald Trump’s supporters are angry“.

At this point, if you are on the team still trying to convince anyone that this entire assembly of our union is headed in the right direction, well, you might want to revisit your proximity to the 2016 election ballpark. Because you’re probably not just out of the city – but you’re also out of the same state the election ballpark is located in…..

There’s a level of anger far deeper and more consequential than expressed rage or visible behavior, it’s called Cold Anger.

Cold Anger does not need to go to violence. For those who carry it, no conversation is needed when we meet. You cannot poll or measure it; specifically most who carry it avoid discussion. And that decision has nothing whatsoever to do with any form of correctness.

We watched the passage of Obamacare at 1:38am on the day before Christmas Eve in 2009. We watched the Senate, then the House attempt passing Amnesty in 2014. We’ve watched the $$900 billion Stimulus Bill being spent each year, every year, for seven consecutive years. Omnibus, Porkulous, QE1, QE2, Bailouts, Crony-Capitalism.

Cold Anger absorbs betrayal silently, often prudently.

We’ve waited each year, every year, for eight years, to see a federal budget, only to be given another $$2 trillion Omnibus spending bill by Speaker Ryan. We’ve watched the ridiculing of cops, the riots, and the lack of support for laws, or their enforcement. We’ve been absorbing.

Cold Anger is not hatred, it is far more purposeful.

Cold Anger takes notice of the liars, even from a great distance – seemingly invisible to the mob. Cold Anger will still hold open the door for the riot goer. Mannerly. We’ve watched our borders being intentionally unsecured. We’ve watched Islamic Terrorists slaughter Americans as our politicians proclaim their uncertainty of motive.

Cold Anger when evidenced is more severe because it is more strategic. Eric Cantor, the Brexit and Donald Trump might aide your understanding.

Cold Anger does not gloat; it absorbs consistent vilification and ridicule as fuel. This sensibility does not want to exist, it is forced to exist in otherwise unwilling hosts – who also refuse to be destabilized by it.

Transgender bathrooms appear seemingly more important than border security. Employment and standard of living in Vietnam and Southeast Asia appears more important to Washington DC, than the financial security of Youngstown Ohio. We didn’t create that impression, we are simply responding to the reality afore us.

Deliberate intent and prudence will insure avoiding failure. The course, is thoughtful vigilance; a strategy devoid of emotion.

Foolishness and betrayal of our nation have served to reveal dangers within our present condition. Misplaced corrective action, regardless of intent, is neither safe nor wise.

Cold Anger is not driven to act in spite of itself; it drives a reckoning.

When the well attired lady leaves the checkout line carrying steaks and shrimp using an EBT card, the door is still held open for her; yet notations necessarily embed.

When the U.S. flags lay gleefully undefended, they do not lay unnoticed. When the stars and stripes are controversial, yet the Mexican flag is honored – we are paying attention.

When a school community cannot openly pray, it does not mean the prayerful were absent. When a liar seems to win, it is not without observation. Many – more than the minority would like to admit – know the difference between science and clocks and political agendas.

Cold Anger perceives deception the way a long-term battered spouse absorbs the blow in the hours prior to the pre-planned exit; with purpose.

A shield, or cry of micro-aggression will provide no benefit, nor quarter. Delicate sensibilities are dispatched like a feather in a hurricane. Pushed far enough, decisions are reached.

[…] On the drive to and from the East Coast, I paid attention to the billboards and bumper-stickers. Folks, the people in “Fly over” country are PISSED, from the guy that guides hunters, to the mayors of towns and cities, to state senators congressmen and Governors who are voting to arrest and imprison federal law enforcement officials for enforcing federal gun laws that don’t agree with state law … The political pendulum has never, in the history of humanity, stayed on one side of a swing. The back lash from over reach has always been proportionate to how far off center it went before coming back … right now we’re staring at a whole hell of a lot of the country (about 80-90% of the land mass, as well as about 50% of the population) that is FED UP. You really don’t want those guys to decide that the only way to fix it is to burn it down and start over… (more)

It’s too late…

You’ve left us no option:

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
130152,"h/t to Claudia at IOTW

When the president of the United States signs a bill into law, it’s expected that he will abide by it. That’s not the case with President Obama, who has a sudden interest in novel legalistic interpretations getting him off the hook from laws he doesn’t like.

On Friday, the president signed the $$1 trillion omnibus spending bill, which funds the government for the remaining nine months of the fiscal year. Afterward, he released a statement saying he won’t abide by the law because the Justice Department had advised that certain provisions are “subject to well-founded constitutional objections.”

House Speaker John A. Boehner’s spokesman Kevin Smith told The Washington Times, “This president used to condemn the type of signing statements he is now embracing to ignore the will of Congress and the American people.”

One of the presidential pet peeves is that Capitol Hill put the kibosh on his czars. Those high-level White House appointments aren’t confirmed by the Senate but are central to implementing Mr. Obama’s liberal agenda. Lawmakers specifically blocked funding for salaries and offices for four of his nine czars: health care (who coordinates Obamacare), automobile industry (“car czar”), urban affairs and climate change.

The president protested that defunding those positions “could prevent me from fulfilling my constitutional responsibilities, by denying me the assistance of senior advisers and by obstructing my supervision of executive branch officials.” Thus, he’s going to interpret the law as he sees fit.

The commander in chief is opposed to new restrictions on foreign relations and national security, especially a new requirement that the defense secretary notify congressional appropriations committees in advance of military exercises that cost more than $$100,000 for construction.

Also at issue is a restriction on funding United Nations peacekeeping missions that put U.S. armed forces under the command or operational control of foreign nationals. Mr. Obama said he’s only going to apply those provisions he deems constitutional. The same flexibility with the law apparently will be enjoyed in relation to 14 separate provisions that limit foreign aid to certain governments.

The president protested that “once again” he has been stopped from transferring terrorist detainees from the U.S. facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, onto the U.S. mainland. He claimed this law could “violate constitutional separation of powers principles.” He vowed to interpret it to keep executive powers supreme and work to repeal the ban on bringing these dangerous outlaws stateside.

On top of all this, Mr. Obama took umbrage at unnamed but “numerous” omnibus provisions that limit the executive branch from spending money without the approval of congressional committees. He wrote, “These are constitutionally impermissible forms of congressional aggrandizement in the execution of the laws.” The chief executive warned that his administration will notify the relevant committees in advance and listen to their recommendations, but “our spending decisions shall not be treated as dependent on the approval of congressional committees.”

The American system of government is based on a separation of powers, not presidential fiat. Mr. Obama should abide by every word of the 1,200-page bill passed by Congress and signed by his own hand.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45162,President Obama is doing this stuff now just to poke antagonism toward those Americans who oppose his agenda. His team is trying to antagonize. Apparently the parking spot shooting draws Obama’s concern and attention because the three victims were Muslim. … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45375,"Perhaps something rabidly progressive is in the water in Wisconsin, or more specifically in the municipal water supply around Madison Wisconsin. Whatever it is, the tension and propensity toward violence, specifically racially charged violence is escalating. Wisconsin has been a Left Wing version of an Arab Spring all year, and it just got a big boost of racial tension.

From the same state that brought us the Wisconsin Fleebaggers, and then the Wisconsin Capitol union takeover, which preceded the University of Wisconsin-Madison fake doctors notes for lying school teachers, and the union thugs pouring glue into Catholic school door locks, and culminated in the Wisconsin State Fair racially violent flash mobs, the stakes have now been raised to outright University Student Thuggery.

A recent published study of college admission bias from the Center for Equal Opportunity found a blatant practice of discrimination against Whites and Asians systemic within the admissions practices of the University of Wisconsin. So blatant are the discriminatory practices that a state investigation has now been requested by lawmakers.

But as typical with this type of consideration it is not the study, or even the results, that gain the attention of the media, it is the violent response from the administration and students. Their response to the finding was incredibly consistent with the recently visible leftist approach, violence and rioting. However, in this example it was the University Administration that directed and orchestrated the violence. First the report:

The Center for Equal Opportunity (CEO), an advocacy organization opposed to racial and ethnic preferences, has released a report accusing the University of Wisconsin at Madison of extreme bias based on race and ethnicity in its undergraduate and law school admissions. The center, which filed a lawsuit in order to obtain the admissions data, alleges that African-Americans and Latinos were given preference over whites and Asians.

The studies claim that the odds ratio favoring African-Americans and Hispanics over whites was 576 to 1 and 504 to 1, respectively. For law school admissions, the racial discrimination was also severe: An African-American applicant with grades and LSAT scores at the median for the group would have had a 7 out of 10 chance of admissions and an out-of-state Hispanic applicant had a 1 out of 3 chance, compared to an in-state Asian applicant (1 out of 6 chance) and an in-state white applicant (only a 1 out of 10 chance) with those same grades and scores.

Based on the findings, the CEO chairman Linda Chavez said, “This is the most severe undergraduate admissions discrimination that CEO has ever found in the dozens of studies it has published over the last 15 years. The studies show that literally hundreds of students applying as undergrads or to the law school are rejected in favor of students with lower test scores and grades, and the reason is that they have the wrong skin color or their parents came from the wrong countries.”

Read the findings and study HERE

It’s no wonder the university wanted to keep the information secret. The studies show that a black or Hispanic undergraduate applicant was more than 500 times likelier to be admitted to Wisconsin-Madison than a similarly qualified white or Asian applicant. The odds ratio favoring black law school applicants over similarly qualified white applicants was 61 to 1.

The median SAT scores of black undergraduates who were admitted were 150 points lower than whites or Asians, while the median Hispanic scores were roughly 100 points lower. And median high school rankings for both blacks and Hispanics were also lower than for either whites or Asians.

On Tuesday during a press conference in Madison, Wisconsin, The Center for Equal Opportunity released the two studies. The degree of discrimination in undergraduate admissions was the worst CEO had ever seen in the 15 years they have been publishing these studies of universities all over the country.

Well, this was not a message that the university and others wanted to hear. Instead of addressing the findings of the study, the university’s vice provost for diversity, Damon A. Williams told the students to “take action, and “organize a response”. Now granted he didn’t tell them to “take out the sons of bitches“, but the intent was essentially the same.

Egged on by inflammatory comments by university officials, student groups organized a flashmob via a Facebook page that was filled with propaganda and outright lies about CEO wanting to dismantle their student groups. More than a hundred angry students stormed the press conference at the Doubletree Hotel in Madison, where CEO president Roger Clegg was releasing the study.

The hotel management described what took place in a press statement afterward:

“Unfortunately, when escorting meeting attendees out of the hotel through a private entrance, staff were then rushed by a mob of protestors, throwing employees to the ground. The mob became increasingly physically violent when forcing themselves into the meeting room where the press conference had already ended, filling it over fire-code capacity. Madison police arrived on the scene after the protestors had stormed the hotel.”

The good news is that by the time they actually broke into the room where the press conference was being held, the press conference was almost over. In fact, the only people still asking questions were disgruntled students. So, in effect, the protestors succeeded only in shutting themselves down!

Still, it was a chilling display of attempted intimidation. Private property was broken into, a hotel employee injured, and the mob attempted to follow CEO President Roger Clegg into the elevator when he was returning to his room (the hotel staff stopped them).

You’d think that a responsible university would denounce the intimidation and lack of civility by its students and faculty. Instead, Vice Provost Williams told the student newspaper:

“I’m most excited about how well the students represented themselves, the passion with which they engaged, the tone in how they did it and the thoughtfulness of their questions and interactions.”

It appears that not only are the university’s admissions policies deeply discriminatory, but also that university officials applaud name-calling, distortion and outright physical assault.

The bottom line: CEO’s studies got lots of publicity, and the issue of racial and ethnic admissions preferences is on the front burner in Wisconsin (a state legislator has already announced that he plans to have hearings on whether the university is violating the law). The University opponents and students have been revealed as intellectually bankrupt, if not downright thugs. Much like their State Fair flash mob cohorts.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
122086,In 2012 we called it the “Post-It Campaign” – a simple insurgent campaign designed to let American members of the political rebel alliance know they are not alone. The most important aspect to any insurgent uprising is for those amid … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
127928,"We’re working on figuring out why Judge Nelson wants Richard Conner kicked out ASAP. Using the “francining names” placed into trial records by Don West late last night we begin to find the unknown backstory.

From them we make a remarkable discovery. Unbelievably, it appears Trayvon’s Dad, Tracy, was actually one of the people talking to Trayvon about buying and selling a handgun. Considering the “conversation was mysteriously deleted” this appears to be a big effen’ deal. WOW. [ *Sidenote* We could also use help with crowdsourcing on these]:

Communications about GUNS [24:22 on video]

Ronquavis “Qua” Fulton





Spoonhead Zach





Jay





Ron





Dario





Diamond (probably Rachel Jeantel) But not about buying

And THEN the THUNDERCLAP name [@25:15 ]

“FRUIT”

WOW – as in Tracy Martin’s nickname is “Fruit“. Yes, you are reading that correctly – Trayvon Martin’s Dad’s nickname is “fruit“.

East St. Louis Il. The hometown of Travon Martin's father(Tracy ""Fruit"" Martin),Send out much love, support, praying that justice is served. — Christie Dale Smith (@BBALLR2) March 26, 2012

Why does that matter? Because during testimony about the exchange over gun purchases Trayvon was exchanging text’s with a person who’s nickname was “fruit”.

Yes, that means that Tracy Martin was texting his son, Trayvon, about buying and selling handguns. Large jpeg image HERE.

We also know “Qua” or Ronquavis Fulton who Trayvon was talking about buying and selling the .22 caliber handgun with [@24:22 of video above]:

Ronquavis, seen here holding a Marijuana blunt, has other twitter accounts. He goes by: @_782, @quakush and also @quabolean

Also during the Proffer testimony Richard Conner talked about [@43:00] fight conversations with Lavondia (spelling uncertain) and with Michael French.

We already knew where Michael French fits in. But we did not know he was specifically communicating with Trayvon over the Street Fighting. French’s name reference can be found at the 47:00 minute mark of the same video. We also have a picture from prior research of Michael French taken with Trayvon Martin – Date unknown – (Michael French is one in the middle).

Of particular attention is the DATE of this fb post with Michael French (middle of picture) with regard to Rachel Jeantel testifying about finding out about the shooting.

Rachel testified she heard about the shooting on Monday through “rumors” because “she has some friends who go around his school“, meaning Krop Senior High School. With Michael French posting about Trayvon’s death on 02/28/12 (Tuesday – night).

Coincidentally Michael French talked to reporters about Trayvon’s death in this Friday March 9th NBC report. (The same date the lawsuit was filed to get the now infamous 911 call recordings released) :

[…] Michael French, a classmate of Martin’s at Krop Senior High, said “he was smart and funny and he always kept to himself, too, so I know he wouldn’t start anything.” French said said the incident happened because Martin was black, “and it was a predominantly white neighborhood, so he looked suspicious. So that’s probably why.” (link)

Also, At the :15 second mark of this video Conner reveals that Trayvon Martin’s phone was actually a part of Sybrina Fulton’s family account plan. Sybrina Fulton was the account holder.:

Meaning it was not, as previously stated by the Scheme Team, Tracy Martin accessing his own phone records on 3/17/12 which could have revealed “Dee Dee”. Another BIG lie.

Which begs the question: When Benjamin Crump passed out partial phone records to the media on 3/20/12, they included the name of the account owner as Tracy Martin. How is this possible on the printed detail if the phone was actually under the account of Sybrina Fulton?

Call Crump to the Stand. The State has put the TM phone and Rachel Jeantel into evidence. Have Crump explain as a rebuttal witness to Tracy Martin and the State’s own evidence.

If you listen closely to the Richard Conner testimony you realize what he has found. The phone deletions were made around all of the attributes which would have affected the considerations in this case about character and reputation. Except for the porn pictures. The reason those were not found was because of how they were hidden in the phone. The person deleting would not have seen them as images and would have needed an application to understand the “bit” file which was password protected also.

Conner is outlining a very specific educated thesis that the phone was scrubbed of damning evidence after death. Meaning somehow a person intentionally removed, “deleted”, the data.

Obviously, Mantai objects when Conner is going there with his explanations – but the implication is crystal clear. If the state of Florida retained custody of that phone – then someone from FDLE, or in association with the chain of evidence, deleted the data.

THAT DELETED data was the data missing in the State’s discovery to the defense until June 4th. And even after that time, the essential summary of data, which was included in a written report, was devoid of mention to this specific data file of deleted evidence.

What does this mean? It lends to only one Occam’s Razor explanation: The STATE prosecutorial team intentionally deleted, the data, then delivered a partial file with the non-deleted data, then at the last minute before trial delivered the full data set, but omitted the deleted data from the written report summarizing the entire “bin” file.

Essentially, the State hid the evidence – and Don West has the specific understanding of how and who has falsely presented the manipulated information. They also falsely testified, pre-trial, to the data delivery and the process under which it was done. That’s what the Whistle Blower was trying to tell them – but was handcuffed in court explanation by the fact the Defense had yet to receive the manipulated data in the form the Whistle blower was describing it. It did not arrive until 6/4/13.

I have no idea how the Defense can, at this point, with this judge, get this level of deception to the light of day – it’ll have to wait until after trial. Unfortunately the date of the deletion cannot be clearly identified. If they do pursue it, and I hope they do, the evidence (phone itself) will have a chain of custody. That may narrow their search for the specific person. However, he actual download of the “bin” file probably does not have chain of custody – so while it may be possible to prove the construct of the deception, the actual person who did it may never be identified.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128380,"I was meandering around the bits and pieces of an article outlining the current state of a moonbat educational story appearing Bangor Maine encapsulated within a story of a decades long teacher who is all of a sudden told her Hello Kitty Christmas tree was no longer culturally permissible, when something happened.

You see, the story is yet another typical and insufferable example of Chistmas perceived as some type of threat to the Brangelina Peacenik mindset – and yet it’s actually a little bigger.

Read the full story here. You might find yourself saying: “yep, another example of progressive educational stupidity growing leaps and bounds beyond insufferable”. I too had the same initial gut reaction. That is, until I got to this part – the response from the Bangor School Superintendent:

[…] Our focus is educating students to become global citizens with the necessary 21st century skills for college and career readiness for their future success.

Insert loud annoying buzzer sound here !

WRONG!

Your job is to teach American kids to read, write, learn history, comprehend, and understand the fundamentals of math. Your job is NOT to create “GLOBAL CITIZENS”.

The last educational ideologue who tried to poke the “global citizenry” finger in my general direction ended up pulling back an embarrassingly small nub.

An American school student is not equivocal to a Mongolian tribal youth sitting around a fur lined thatch hut carving figurines of mountain rodents while contemplating the latest rock formations and how they relate to their tribal ancestry.

And before you go too far into your jaw-agape knee-jerk oh-my-God an American bigot spiel – allow me to remind you it was the Mongolian Army who were called upon to shoot into crowds of thousands of Chinese students in Tienanmen Square, not too long ago, (1980’s) because the regular Chinese military refused to do so.

It was also those Mongolians, at the behest of the Communist Party apparatus, who marched those non-compliant young regular Chinese soldiers off to a distant peril never to be heard from again. Bangor Maine modern history books probably don’t reference that aspect in the Advanced Basket Weaving and Global Citizenry studies, huh? I digress.

We have indoor plumbing here in America, and a pesky non-global thing called The U.S. Constitution which guards American (non-global) Liberty, as in “FREEDOM”. Perhaps you’ve heard of it.

It’s time you insufferable globalist moonbats within the education system put down your sustainable algae cakes, step out of your Birkenstocks’, and learn your place in the grand scheme of all things educational and civic-minded.

We, the various parental units of the world, to use your preferred term, teach our children HOW to think – and the construct of opinion within WHAT they think. Your job is simply to fill in the details of reading, writing, arithmetic and history when applicable. FULL STOP.

If the teacher guiding the education process wants a Hello Kitty Christmas Tree, and cares enough to actually spend the time to create a joyful environment for the students in the vicinity of said tree, then so-be-it.

It does not impact the tender sensibilities of American students to be in direct contact with such decor – AND if it does impact an individual student in that regard, then THAT BECOMES THE BIGGER PROBLEM, not to be avoided.

There’s an interesting and profoundly ironic reminder within the “Hello Kitty” reference, because right now there’s a group of ideologically-minded professionally aggrieved using the exact same branding image to deliver something far more dangerous:

Yes, that’s the visible moment when you recognize your not very friendly ISIS commander is using a Hello Kitty notebook to plot the demise of the American kids within your classroom.

I highly doubt General Ali-Qaeda, gives a scintilla of concern about your educational globalist high-minded holiday intentions as he plots the head-chopping-off part. So, to the extent that a little cheer can be provided to a high school classroom engaged in learning the latest version of common core math – the visibility of a Christmas Tree is not an undue hardship.

However, there is an increasingly difficult to hide aspect which is expanding coast to coast as a direct result of: …“When everything offends everyone all the time — it just sucks the joy out of everything”... Americans, the vast majority of Americans, are increasingly fed up with this nonsense.

I can assure you the last thing you want to happen is about to happen.

There are a whole bunch of common sense patriotic Americans, pissed off people, who control approximately 85% of the land mass – and comprise approximately 70% of the electorate, who are about to show up to the voting booth and dispatch your ideological safe space / comfort zone into the stratosphere.

We shall vote for “America First” Donald Trump as if American survival depends upon it. Quite simply, because it does !

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
126384,"MISSISSIPPI — A large tornado is on the ground in Mississippi. The storm is now screaming NE at 60mph and will be in Tennessee soon. Holly Springs pictured below:

The National Weather Service has issued a tornado emergency for Holly Springs, Mississippi, meaning significant damage is expected from the storm. Tune into your local news stations for information. ( LIVE STREAM HERE )

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
222939,"On July 9th 2014 President Obama made a visit to Dallas Texas for two reasons. The first reason was fundraising, the second reason was to meet with Governor Rick Perry and “Faith Leaders” to discuss the border crisis.

As an outcome of the visit the following AP picture became the subject of much inquisition, humor and -as typical for the progressive side of the continuum- ridicule. Liberals love to bash Texas Governor Rick Perry.

But the more important part of this picture was never actually spotlighted. So we’ll turn on the Q-BEAM.

A wider angle of the picture would reveal a more integral player seated at the table. A person mistakenly characterized by the media, but perhaps the most significant benefactor of the entire immigration roundtable.

In the lower left of this image you see a man named Kevin Dinnin. Before we get into the curriculum vitae of Mr. Dinnin we first need to set the scene by using President Obama’s words to describe what was taking place.

After the meeting in the pictures President Obama took to the podium and delivered a pointed speech highlighting what had taken place, as well as describing who was involved.

You can find the transcript of his entire speech and the subsequent media Q&A here. We are going to place excerpts below because it is important to understand the event as President Obama and his team would like you to believe:

President Obama – Hello, everybody. I just had a good meeting with Governor Perry, local officials, and faith leaders to talk about the steps that we have taken and that we need to take to address the humanitarian situation on the border. And I want to thank everybody who’s been involved for taking the time to talk to me.

It’s important to recognize two things. First, the surge of unaccompanied children, and adults with children, are arriving at one sector of the border, and that’s the Rio Grande Valley. Second, the issue is not that people are evading our enforcement officials. The issue is that we’re apprehending them in large numbers. And we’re working to make sure that we have sufficient facilities to detain, house, and process them appropriately, while attending to unaccompanied children with the care and compassion that they deserve while they’re in our custody.

[…] The final point I’ll make is I just want to thank some of the faith-based groups that I just met with, as well as mayors, commissioners, local officials. Dallas has been incredibly compassionate in looking at some sights, some facilities in which they can accommodate some of these children. And I indicated in hearing the stories of churches that are prepared to not just make donations but send volunteers to help construct some of these facilities or fix them up, and their willingness to volunteer in providing care and assistance to these children — I told them thank you, because it confirmed what I think we all know, which is the American people are an incredibly compassionate people and when we see a child in need we want to care for them. (link)

Again, the full text is here, but for the sake of understanding how President Obama was painting the scene you have a pretty good idea from above. This is what Team Obama call the “optics” of the presidency.

A listener, or a media person writing in general terms about what they just witnessed would probably write an article like this, or perhaps like this. Essentially giving you an impression similar to what you would believe having just watched the speech.

The impression intended would be that President Obama just met with a bunch of religious organizational heads, perhaps priests, pastors and ministers. Along with “faith based” advocates who are helping to deal with the immediate needs of the illegal aliens, unaccompanied minors, and the larger “border crisis”.

You would be wrong.

To avoid my calling our President of The United States a liar, I will instead say President Obama is being intentionally obtuse, perhaps even deceitful. Here’s why.

I’ll use a faith based media source to highlight the deception:

Religious Herald – Obama held the meeting in Dallas one day after he asked Congress for $$3.7 billion in emergency spending for the crisis along the Texas/Mexico border. Border Patrol has apprehended more than 50,000 unaccompanied minors so far this year, many of them fleeing violence in Central America.

Chris Liebrum, who leads the Baptist General Convention of Texas’ disaster recovery program, characterized the meeting as a genuine roundtable discussion with “quite a bit of back and forth” dialogue, noting Obama called on each person to ask for his or her ideas.

[…] Also attending the meeting was Kevin Dinnin, president of Baptist Child & Family Services, a BGCT-related agency providing care for children housed at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio.

Other participants included Arne Nelson, president of Catholic Charities of Dallas; Gov. Rick Perry; Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson, D-Dallas; Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins, who had volunteered the county to house up to 2,000 immigrant children; the mayors of Dallas and nearby Grand Prairie, and county and state officials. (link)

So that’s who President Obama calls “faith leaders“. But there’s a problem, none of them are religion based organizations. None of them have churches. None of them have congregations or parishioners’.

They are the heads of government funded non-profits. Remember ACORN? Same/Same.

They are taxpayer funded corporations who exist almost exclusively on government grants. Despite the words “Baptist” and “Catholic”, these are NOT religious “faith based” groups. The name Baptist and Catholic is only to give the appearance of “religion” and add a dose of “charity” to the appearances.

Back to the picture mentioned earlier and the aforementioned Mr. Kevin Dinnin.

We recently stumbled upon Mr. Kevin Dinnin when we were looking around for the primary recipients’ of HHS Grants and we came upon the 2012 tax filings of BCFS, or more accurately BCFS EMD where Kevin Dinnin is the principal officer and CEO. Paid at an annual salary of $$477,799+

This one group alone makes ACORN seem small ball in comparison.

Two days before this meeting with President Obama, on 7/7/14 Mr. Dinnin was given a grant from Health and Human Services in the amount of $$190,707,505.

Yes, that is over $$190 million dollars just before he met with the President. In 2014 alone BCFS has received almost $$270 million.

These are staggering sums of money to just one of several taxpayer funded groups operating under the guise of “faith based organizations”. The amounts awarded to these “faith based” groups in 2014 far exceeds the money ever given to the fraudulent social assistance group, ACORN. And the 2014 grant amounts are EXPLODING in comparison to 2012 and 2013.

As previously listed here is the 2012 Tax Return for BCFS:

Catholic Bishops so far in 2014 $$27 Million is another albeit smaller example, after receiving almost $$70 million in 2012.

But the most staggering figure is what HHS has spent on Unaccompanied Minor Children (under grant code 93676) since the President’s 2012 Deferred action program began:

$$644,188,522.00

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33528,"Now that President Obama has rolled out what appears to be a canned Race War strategy, and ran into the Rose Garden to provide his unsolicited opinion for the media on the Trayvon Martin shooting, things have fundamentally changed about this story.

After following the heavily nuanced Obama administration for three years I am of a reasonable belief this “Race War Narrative” was a pre-determined canned script looking for an event to land on.

They just found one.

This story contains all the similar aspects to the opportunistic “Together We Thrive” Obama Campaign response to the Arizona-Giffords shooting. With even more divisive and consequential rhetoric that could inevitably be far more dangerous.

In that example the narrative was a canned campaign script waiting for the opportune moment to be showcased. Who can forget the Together We Thrive Memorial *cough* rally complete with T-Shirts, applause lines, and cheering auditorium.

So it is not a stretch to see this Rally for Trayvon being turned into the next *Jarrett-Axelrod-Plouffe-Obama distractive and populist cause. (*in that order)

It is an unfortunate, but highly necessary strategy of optical, and more importantly emotional, control from the White House. The specific intention is opportunistic distraction from the reality of failed Obama policies. As Rahm Emanuel stated in the first month of the administration “Never let a good crisis go to waste“.

That is why President Obama ran to the Rose Garden to give his unsolicited opinion…. it’s all diversionary, and the institutional left-wing media will remain complicit in the execution.

Now they have opened this can they must follow the script, and it must conclude in the manner of their construct. It must. They need it to.

If it wasn’t Mr. Zimmerman it would have been some other naive sucker who made a stupid decision, and was left with a stupid outcome to defend. I doubt you will find a large portion of the electorate thinking about how their actions will be manipulated by the media on behalf of a President.

The institutional left NOW has to go all-in to defend Obama regardless of the actual facts surrounding the event. THAT BECOMES THE BIGGER STORY.

The institutional legacy media will now need to hide ANYTHING that can exonerate Zimmerman, including the eye-witness reports, school records and background of the kid. Now that Obama’s reputation and the credibility of his office is on the line they need to make sure Trayvon looks like a choir boy and all contrary perspectives are diminished.

So that is why I feel the need to keep the spotlight on this. There will be thousands of people seeking justice for Trayvon, meanwhile the person most at risk from the media narrative is Mr. Zimmerman regardless of his mistake or flawed judgement. If he is guilty of some unlawful act there is no doubt he will be placed on display by the media in the public square.

But if he is exonerated he’ll end up like Richard Jewell after the false charges from the Atlanta Olympic Bombing. The injustice to Richard Jewell was staggeringly destructive to an innocent person, and unfortunately the media script so far is following a similar angle.

The approach from the race-baiting industry is the EXACT same script Alton H. Maddox, C. Vernon Mason, and Reverend Al followed in November/December 1987. The trio muzzled Tawana Brawley and claimed everyone from the local police to New York Governor Mario Cuomo was engaged in a massive cover-up. However, the reality was far from their narrative.

Now having said that, there are some Photos circulating the web of Trayvon Martin from his apparent Facebook page that show a slightly divergent view from the innocent choir boy narrative being sold by the media. Replete with “golden grill” and giving viewers the middle finger.

This is not to imply that Trayvon was anything other than a model citizen however a report from his Miami school shows he was serving a 10 day suspension for something.

Both men, according to initial reports, were “squeaky clean” in terms of their background. We now know, meh, not so much. There were allegations of domestic abuse against Zimmerman, and a conviction for resisting arrest, in his past.

Young Mr. Martin was no choir boy and was in the complex in the first place so his dad could straighten him out after being kicked out of school for two weeks… for what, we don’t know.

We do know the neighborhood this took place in has seen a lot of crime. There were eight burglaries, nine thefts, and a shooting just in the past year?

In fact, the local homeowners’ association reports that George Zimmerman actually caught one thief and aided in the apprehension of other criminals. The Miami Herald wrote about this on March 17th. None of the thousands of articles and cable news segments that came after, thought this was important.

In fact the Miami Herald goes on to interview neighbor, Ibrahim Rashada, who is black. Rashada confirms that there has been a lot of crime in the neighborhood and indicates to the reporter that the perpetrators are usually black.

Was Zimmerman zealous? Who knows? Did Zimmerman have a preconception about black males in his gated community based on his historical reference? Again, no-one knows but there does appear to be some reasonable implication leaning in that general direction.

Here is an observation from a police report unfortunately no longer available to be viewed. Presumably due to the fact a “witness” name and address were identified in the initial report. Supposedly this witness reported to police they saw Trayvon above Zimmerman while Zimmerman was on his back in a grassy area just before the gunshot.

The death weapon was a Kel-Tec PF9 semiautomatic 9mm pistol. It was reported that the gun was recovered with a full magazine and that only the chambered round had been fired.

This is a condition we associate with something preventing the gun from cycling a fresh round from the magazine into the chamber after the shot was discharged.

One thing that can cause this condition is another man’s hand wrapped around the pistol, retarding its slide mechanism.

This would indicate, as could certain gunshot residue patterns or cuts in certain places if found on Trayvon Martin’s hand(s), that a struggle for a gun was taking place when the fatal shot was fired.

This would clearly change the shape of the media reports of the case. and would be included in the now “sealed” initial police report. Also, easily confirmed with autopsy results which must certainly be available to investigators of the initial reporting.

But, why is the media not requesting the autopsy results? And what of the toxicology reports of both Zimmerman and Trayvon? It is standard practice to take samples of blood alcohol levels in any shooting.

The sealing of these factual bits of evidence speaks more toward exoneration than guilt. If the facts, autopsy, toxicology, et al did not add up to the explanation of Zimmerman and witnesses Mr. Zimmerman would have been immediately held for further questioning.

But then again, this doesn’t fit the legacy media narrative does it?

And what really strikes me as beyond odd is the fact that after the shooting took place neither Trayvon’s father, nor the girlfriend he was staying with, were aware of, nor looking for, his whereabouts for THREE DAYS after the shooting. Can you imagine?

What does that say about the general relationship, or expectation of the adults (Father and girlfriend) Trayvon was staying with within the gated community. It wasn’t until three days after the shooting they were notified by the police. WTF? 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, lay in the county morgue for three days before police alerted his parents of their child’s death. Doesn’t that strike anyone else as odd?

All this is said not to be defending Zimmerman per se’, but one thing is certain; there will be thousands of people insuring justice for the kid, and few thinking of what happens to Richard Jewel’s of the world who are dragged into the town square by the media and subsequent mob mentality.

Arguably, proceeding with an abundance of caution should be the distinction. Alas, prudence is not an inherent characteristic of the town mob nor the institutional left-wing media.

Especially when there is a liberal President to protect.

I would imagine few, if any of the race baiters involved in this have ever personally seen a large-scale riot. Or, then again, perhaps they have. That is even a worse thought.

There is a palpable herd mentality, and the crowd can turn from merely milling around to violent and destructive in an instant. One learns quickly how thin the “thin blue line” really is – in that situation there simply is no controlling the crowd and the police just let matters run their course. Civility and reason cease to exist.

Race baiters such as Farrakan and Sharpton, or even Valerie Jarett and President Obama, seem to have little or no idea of the potential effects of their racially motivated rhetoric.

If they do actually incite a riot, I can only hope that they are willing to place themselves in the middle of it and learn firsthand what they are promoting.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
223022,"(Via GWP) JihadWatch reports the following:

Confirmation from the White House itself that John Kerry was lying when he said that the number of countries supporting the U.S. had reached “double digits.” “White House Admits It’s a Coalition of One,” by Patrick Brennan at National Review, September 8:

When asked this morning if the U.S. has any pledges of military support for strikes in Syria, White House chief of staff Denis McDonough emphasized that the G20 and other nations have made supportive condemnations of the Syrian government’s actions, but repeatedly pressed by CNN’s Candy Crowley, provided no examples of countries that have endorsed or will provide personnel or equipment for a military intervention.

He wouldn’t explicitly admit that the U.S. actually has no allies willing to provide support, saying, “you’re trying to get me to say that, but I’m not going to say it.” There is specific support from the EU and others, he said, for “holding Syria accountable.”

McDonough argued it was encouraging that a number of other countries — and even a former president of Iran — have come around and agreed that the U.S. has made a convincing case that the Syrian regime used chemical weapons in August. (continue reading)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125684,"The media are focused on the “Bundy Militia” angle to the standoff in Burns Oregon, where Aamon Bundy and brothers have taken over a Malheur Wildlife Refuge Headquarters to draw attention to the plight of the Hammond family (Full Complex Back Story Here).

However, a little research (HatTip NeverTooLate) into the original legal battle reveals a rather startling update.

Aamon Bundy (left) – Hammond Family (right)

The initial, and regarded by many as overreaching, federal prosecution resulted in a federal court judge Michael Hogan assigning a 3-month sentence and 1-year sentence for Dwight Lincoln Hammond Jr (73) and his son, Steven Dwight Hammond (46) respectively.

Even federal Judge Hogan stated the prosecution under “terrorism statutes” itself was an overreach and he refused to assign ridiculously high sentences for behavior that almost every rancher has conducted for generations.

Those sentences were fulfilled by the father an son duo in 2013 with Steven Hammond exiting prison in January 2014. However, it was a decision by the U.S Attorney for the State of Oregon, Amanda Marshall, who called for an appeal to the original sentencing:

“Amanda Marshall: Former U.S. Attorney for Oregon. Marshall recommended that the federal government challenge the Hammonds’ original prison sentences. By law, the convictions come with mandatory five-year sentences, but U.S. District Judge Michael Hogan in 2012 balked at the punishment and instead sentenced Dwight Hammond to three months and Steven Hammond to one year. Marshall called Hogan’s punishments “unlawful.” The solicitor general authorized a rare appeal of an Oregon judge’s order. The appeals court sided with the prosecution, and the Hammonds returned to federal court last year to face a second sentencing. At that hearing, U.S. Chief District Judge Ann Aiken ordered the pair to finish five-year terms.” (link)

So what would prompt U.S. Attorney for the Sate of Oregon Ms Amanda Marshall to file such a “rare” appeal? And, what motivation might lay behind her intentions?

A review of Amanda Marshall reveals some rather disturbing facts.

First, she was an Obama appointee. A very left-wing activist appointee who took office October 7th 2011. Marshall had no experience at all as a federal prosecutor before being given the job as a U.S. Attorney for Oregon.

Marshall was plucked from a child advocacy legal job inside the Oregon Department of Justice. [Pay attention to this little “child advocacy aspect” because it might play a larger role later on.] Before that, she served as a deputy district attorney in Coos County. Why? Apparently it was because the White House wanted a woman for the job.

She lived in a commune and her life-history, all the way back to a childhood with an activist mom, is a representative story of how a liberal moonbat is created:

[2012] Marshall’s a bit of an outsider — having no prior experience in the federal system — and they know little about her. So it may surprise them to learn Marshall spent part of her childhood in a commune, watched a Super Bowl at Grace Slick’s house, hung out backstage at Grateful Dead concerts, sang and danced for years in a small-town community theater and — as a young prosecutor in Coos County — carried a 9 mm pistol to crime scenes because, as she recently noted, “That’s how we rolled in the Coos.” Marshall, 42, would be the first to acknowledge — with all deference to the Grateful Dead — that hers has been a long, strange trip indeed. The past two years alone, as she ascended from a little-known supervisor in the child advocacy section of the Oregon Department of Justice to a corner office in the venerable Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse, was a grinding, sometimes demoralizing affair with a dash of political controversy. (read more)

You really have to read the whole story, including her sisters arrest on drug charges, her estranged family and how her own daughter views her as eccentric to get the full scope of the person who was in charge of a “Childs Advocacy Section” and then later became U.S. Attorney for the state of Oregon. You really have to read it all.

But wait, it gets better.

After winning the sentencing appeal – In May of 2015 activist Amanda Marshall stepped down from her job as U.S. Attorney for Oregon, citing “health concerns“.

A very strange sketchy exit to use the reasoning “Health Concerns” because she was under internal (Office of Inspector General ) investigation of her for “stalking” a co-worker U.S. Attorney Scott Kerin:

[2015] The prosecutor that U.S. Attorney for Oregon Amanda Marshall is accused of stalking was at the time under 24-hour-a-day armed protective guard because of a contract Mexican drug dealers placed on his life. That news adds a bizarre turn in a situation that appears to have cost Marshall, the top federal prosecutor in Oregon, her job. Sources familiar with the situation tell WW Marshall’s subordinate, Assistant U.S. Attorney Scott Kerin, filed a hostile workplace environment complaint against Marshall after receiving numerous unwanted text and email messages from her, and after she followed him outside working hours. At the time, federal agents were protecting Kerin against a credible threat on his life. Such precautions are rare, according to people familiar with the U.S. attorney’s office. Kerin’s wife, Michelle, is also a federal prosecutor in the U.S. Attorney’s office. (read more)

You just can’t make this stuff up folks.

[Another Article] Marshall fell under an internal review in March 2015 by the U.S. Department of Justice’s Office of the Inspector General for what has been described as erratic behavior involving a subordinate. Sources told The Oregonian/OregonLive that she had constantly texted and emailed Assistant U.S. Attorney Scott M. Kerin, at one point admonishing him for spending too much time with a woman who was not his wife. (link)

And another article highlighting the instability of Amanda Marshall:

[2015] The U.S. Justice Department is investigating a possible inappropriate relationship between Amanda Marshall, the U.S. Attorney in Oregon, and a subordinate in her office. Marshall announced Thursday that she was taking a leave of absence for health reasons. Investigators from the Office of the Inspector General are looking into the relationship of Marshall and assistant U.S. Attorney Scott M. Kerin. Investigators were inside the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Portland for the last two weeks. The exact nature of the relationship between Marshall and Kerin is unclear. Multiple sources told The Oregonian/OregonLive that Kerin tried to break off that relationship. They said he grew concerned enough at Marshall’s reaction that he reported it to his Justice Department superiors. Marshall was reportedly driving by his home and sending multiple texts, including several she sent telling him she knew what he was doing at the time. […] This is a crucial time in the U.S. Attorney’s office in Oregon, which investigates and prosecutes federal crimes. The office is leading a sweeping influence-peddling investigation of former Gov. John Kitzhaber and his companion, Cylvia Hayes. Marshall was the surprise choice to replace interim U.S. Attorney Dwight Holton in 2010. She had no experience as a federal prosecutor. Rather, she was plucked from a child advocacy legal job inside the Oregon Department of Justice. Before that, she served as a deputy district attorney in Coos County. (read more)

Now here is where an actual boots-on-the-ground reporter is needed. You might remember from the full story of the Hammonds a part about a disturbed grandson/nephew Dusty Hammond being called to testify against them:

(o) Federal attorneys, Frank Papagni, hunted down a witness who was not mentally capable to be credible. Dusty Hammond (grandson and nephew) testified that Steven told him to start a fire. He was 13-years-old at the time, and 24-years-old when he testified (11 years later). At 24 Dusty had been suffering with mental problems for many years. He had estranged his family including his mother. Judge Hogan noted that Dusty’s memories as a 13-year-old boy were not clear or credible. However, Judge Hogan allowed the prosecution to continually use Dusty’s testimony. When speaking to the Hammonds about this testimony, they understood Dusty was manipulated and expressed nothing but love for their troubled grandson. (more)

Given the nature of Amanda Marshall’s prior job in Child’s Legal Advocacy, and given the facts of Dusty Hammond having prior issues and welfare, what are the odds that U.S. Attorney Marshall carried some additional intentions with her as she took office and made the decision to appeal the earlier-served sentences and push for more punishment?

The scope of ridiculously extreme prosecution in this case would surely point to something far more personal in nature.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
45317,Treepers…please join with us in celebrating a most momentous occasion. We couldn’t have done it without YOU! Would you like to see where in the world all the visitors to the Treehouse come from? LOL…we’ve even got a lone “Wolverine” … Continue reading →,theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
5007,"Jaw dropping, then again, maybe not-so-much. This is a continuation of a several year effort (Black Lives Matter) to claim the police are to blame for their efforts to stop unlawful behavior. [Watch the video]

(Via MRCTV) Everett D. Mitchell is the Director of Community Relations at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He is also an attorney, pastor, and community leader.

At a recent panel discussing “Best Policing Practices,” Mitchell said that police should stop prosecuting individuals who shoplift from Wal-Mart and Target.

His reasoning? He simply does not believe that police have any justification to engage in policing practices with thieves who steal from Wal-Mart or Target because they are big box stores with insurance:

“I just don’t think they should be prosecuting cases for people who steal from Wal-Mart. I don’t think that. I don’t think that Target, and all them other places – the big boxes that have insurance – they should be using the people that steal from there as justification to start engaging in aggressive police behavior.” (more)

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
128901,"Diversity is America’s greatest strength, according to the left and its socialist, Marxist, commie cohorts and co-conspirators running rampant across the country.

If you listen carefully to these America-hating, social-engineering liberals, virtually all behavior, conduct, morals and beliefs make America stronger.

This, of course, is toxic, brain-dead logic that leaves ordinary Americans shaking and scratching their heads in confusion and disgust. We recognize bull dung when we hear, see and smell it, and we have no desire whatsoever to embrace it.

The left’s definition of diversity does not make America stronger. It is weakening and destroying America. Let’s be bold and honest: The left’s version of diversity is repugnant.

Hey, I’m your biggest supporter if you want to swan-dive naked into a pool of goat urine. What I will never support is trying to make it mandatory for everyone to do it.

Those Americans who stand up to the left’s diversity mantra are pilloried and labeled as pernicious, vile, intolerant, racist, backward Bubbas.

The left is forcing its version of diversity throughout our society and culture. According to the left and its acolytes, we are supposed to respect people who refuse to respect Old Glory or learn English, look for a job or put forth the effort to do an honest day’s work. We are supposed to respect all cultures, values, laws and religions – even when they have proved throughout history to be dangerous and diametrically opposed to our American way of life, customs, laws and traditions.

It will be a cold day in hell before I embrace voodoolike religions and unclean stone-age cultures that retard progress instead of advancing it.

The real issue is that by forcing diversity and multicultural nonsense in our workplaces, schools and government agencies on people who still cherish common sense and traditional American values, we’re ripping the nation apart.

Meanwhile, Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. reverts to covering up his ineptitude by trying to disguise it with the race card, the ultimate act of racism. Mr. Holder doesn’t have the dignity or respect for his position to resign. He’s a national embarrassment.

I respect diverse people who respect and cherish basic American customs, traditions, goodwill and values. I have no respect for left-wingers who employ intimidation to make multiculturalism or diversity mandatory as the law of the land.

The diversity punks believe in racial set-asides and preferences. You won’t ever solve discrimination by engaging in reverse discrimination. Maybe a racist like Jesse Jackson or Mr. Holder believes in reverse discrimination, but ordinary Americans do not. We are much too focused and intelligent to buy into such Jabberwocky.

Real diversity, real change, real progress is accomplished by promoting and embracing Western culture, values and traditions, which is what made America great and created the greatest quality of life ever. Weakening this proven methodology under the artful guise of diversity, multiculturalism and political correctness is every bit as insidious a threat to America as are voodoo-inspired terrorist punks.

Diversity is an intentional left-wing disaster and destructive platform. The result of the left’s efforts to force this cultural rot on America is that there is more cultural rot, more social and racial division and less economic activity.

The politically correct punks who are trying to force their brain-dead ideology on America are intolerant and destructive. When you hear someone promoting diversity, consider that person an anti-American stooge. Such punks have a sinister agenda that is anti-American, anti-free-market and anti-freedom.

The left’s version of diversity is social, cultural, economic and ethnic rot. Believe it.

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
129228,"INDIANAPOLIS – Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD) homicide detectives have made an arrest in the fatal shooting of Nathan Trapuzzano. They say that robbery was the motive.

Marion County Prosecutor Terry Curry announced charges against 16-year-old Simeon Adams on Tuesday. Adams is charged with Murder, Attempt Robbery (A Felony), and Carrying a Handgun without a License (A Misdemeanor).

Trapuzzano was out for a morning walk a week ago on W. 16th St. when he was attacked and killed.

“There was surveillance video from a nearby business relating to this particular crime, and in the video, one of the suspects had relatively distinctive clothing. It was also set forth and statements had been given by witnesses implicating Mr. Adams in the shooting,” said Curry.

Speaking to the press Tuesday, IMPD Chief Rick Hite said Adams was known to police from three prior incidents. Chief Hite also said that police know who the second suspect is, but did not name that person.

“There were several tips from the public. We had contained the subject for some time. We knew where he was. Now we’re seeing through a tally of the investigation, we have charges against this young man and hopefully we’ll get more information to make sure he goes to jail for a very long time,” said the chief.

Adams is currently being held at the Juvenile Center. He is recovering from a gunshot wound he received during an incident on April 1 on W. 35th Street.

Chief Hite offered a timeline of Adams’ alleged activities leading up to Trapuzzano’s murder.

On March 22, he is alleged to have been involved in a gun store robbery





On March 30th, he is accused of shooting a man on Dr. Martin Luther King St .

.



On April 1, he allegedly murdered Trapuzzano during a mugging, and 17 hours later he was shot. (read more)

But, but, but…. “he was such a good boy”.

Meanwhile this is who he murdered:

Nathan’s wife is expecting their first baby in May.

You can donate to the funeral and a fund for their baby HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
33288,"Having previously written at length about the Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee’s decision not to release the 911 call tapes, it is perhaps worth explaining what was going on.

The “Scheme Team” used the initial refusal by Chief Lee to make the audio recordings of the 911 calls public part of their “corrupt Sanford Police Dept.” narrative.

For numerous news cycles Benjamin Crump, Daryl Parks, Natalie Jackson and Jasmine Rand beat this drum loudly. Each of them proclaiming on television appearances that Lee’s decision was evidence of a botched investigation and subsequent cover-up. But the truth is considerably different. Indeed it is totally the opposite.

One of the anti-Zimmerman narrative media sites posted an article about the timeline within the story. Here is the excerpt as it pertains to the 911 calls:

On Friday, March 16, the New York Times published an op-ed by Charles M. Blow. It was one of the first stories to explain that although Trayvon was killed 70 yards from his father’s house, police had tagged Trayvon’s body as a John Doe and didn’t attempt to find his parents until Tracy Martin called 911 to report his son missing.

Sanford Police released the 911 tapes that same day [March 16th]. It’s not clear why they released just before the weekend. The family was scheduled to go before a judge and argue their case that Monday. (article link)

These type of articles are insufferably devoid of fact. Trayvon was unknown to the people in the neighborhood, he did not have any identification on him, and his phone – found at the scene – according to reports, was dead. Absent of being able to find anyone to identify the shooting victim the body was moved to the morgue as a “John Doe”, standard procedure.

However, the 911 call tape release was not a function of Bill Lee’s independent decision not to release it. It was, quite simply, a matter of law. He COULD NOT lawfully release them.

In Florida there is a separate and distinct law that applies to public information when the information contains details that record the physical death of a person.

It is called the Earnhardt Law, as a consequence from the release of famous NASCAR racer Dale Earnhardt’s autopsy pictures against the wishes of his family. The Earnhardt law deems evidence including medical examination autopsy photographs, video, and audio recordings, that reflect the death of a victim, exempt from public inspection without the expressed permission from applicable next of kin.

Because the 911 audio recorded the death of another person they became subject to the Earnhardt law. Chief Lee had asked advice from city contracted attorneys and, as the article above confirms, a hearing was scheduled with a judge on 3/19/12 to determine if the recordings could be released to the public.

The hearing became a moot point because apparently Sanford Mayor Triplett, under great public pressure, decided Tracy Martin and/or Sybrina requesting them directly would qualify as permission from the next of kin. So Triplett gave the recordings to the family after their review in his office on March 16th. It is unknown whether the city attorneys confirmed his decision.

However, the material on the tape was not necessarily helpful to the Martin family.

Previously, Tracy Martin heard the 911 calls, and the cries for help on the recordings, and told Detective Serino on Tuesday 2/28 at Sanford Police Dept. HQ the voice on the recordings calling for help was NOT Trayvon.

A conversation and statement by Tracy Martin now being verified/validated by another witness (Sanford Police Detective William Erwin) to the conversation who heard Tracy Martin tell Detective Serino the voice was not Trayvon.

But on March 16th, absent of any progress toward an arrest, the Scheme Team needed to change the narrative. Truth be damned. Hence the claim by Sybrina on Friday 3/16, in Mayor Triplett’s office, that the voice calling “help” was indeed Trayvon.

The No became a Yes because it needed to. Civil Rights/Wrongful Death Attorneys: Ben Crump, Daryl Parks and Natalie Jackson needed it to. And boy did they sell that narrative to every TV, Radio, print and available media outlet they could find.

Earlier in the day on 3/16 the Scheme Team, together with Media Consultant Ryan Julison, had pre-established the plan. They had a witness, a witness desperate for media attention; A witness with some serious ego issues around grandiosity. Her name was Mary Cutcher.

Mary Cutcher was a witness that jumped out in front of the police and the media driven by a desire for fame and a feeling of importance. She previously gave statements to the Police department that were, well, best described as contradictory, inflated and unreliable.

The more Ms. Cutcher talked, the more her story changed, but she was able to elbow sell herself into numerous TV appearances and even onto prime-time CNN. During one such interview with WFTV the story changed again, and her credibility was no longer deemed even recoverable by police inspectors and investigative teams.

Culminating in this article – Cutcher had talked to WFTV, and said she did so because she was getting no response from police. That interview drew an unusual response from the Sanford Police Department. “Her statements during the WFTV interview are inconsistent with her sworn testimony to police investigators,” the police department said.

But to the Scheme Team Ms. Cutcher was an exploitable resource. A white woman saying the police wouldn’t listen to her tell her story about the “little black boy” begging for his life from the evil White Neighborhood Watch Vigilante.

So on the morning of 3/16 a Cutcher interview/Press Conference became the pre-game warm-up to their visit to Major Tripletts office.

What started out as an eye-witness (she saw everything) on 2/26, and evolved to an ear-witness (well she didn’t actually see anything but she did hear something) on 3/16 she became a conspiracy witness.

Orlando – […] One witness, Mary Cutcher, said she was “so hurt and upset” that the police department had discounted her eyewitness account. “I don’t know this family. I’m only trying to help,” Cutcher said. “I think that they [the police department] are trying to cover up something that they made a mistake and, honestly, I feel like they’re taking the light off them and trying to discredit my statement. I can show you my attempts to contact them and their lack of interest in talking to me.”

Crump added: “This is unprecedented for a police department to attack a witness statement during an ongoing investigation.”

And that’s how the events of Friday March 16th were used to establish a weekend of news cycles filled with the audio of 911 calls and the media selling the “who is it – scream tapes”.

There are a series of really important dates in this entire case.

Monday March 5th through Friday March 9th – when the whole plan was laid out and the background seeds were planted. Court orders to seal school and law enforcement records were filed. Trademark applications were secured. Black advocates were alerted to “the cause”. Benjamin Crump, Daryl Parks and Natalie Jackson began networking with their black community resource networks both local and national. Media Consultant Ryan Julison began contacting all of his media sources, and the Martin family began cleaning up any problematic issues resulting from Trayvon’s life as a street thug.

Friday March 16th through Friday March 23rd – That was the week of “DeeDee’s” introduction and the witness #8 recording. The 911 “screaming Trayvon” claim of 3/16 followed by the media circuit on Saturday 3/17 and Sunday 3/18. Discovering DeeDee on Sunday 3/18, interviewing her on Monday 3/19 and the press conference announcement of her story on Tuesday 3/20. All controlled, all planned, all scripted. Congressional Black Caucus hearings on Capitol Hill with Obama’s Rose Garden “my son” as the cherry on top.

Can you see the plan now?

Early in the day on 3/16 get Mary Cutcher saying she heard the little boy screaming for help.

Mid-Day on 3/16 get on TV demanding the 911 call tape (that you know legally the chief can’t give you) and proclaim police cover-up.

Evening on 3/16 (5pm) get Mom in the mayor’s office crying over the tapes and the cries for help. Letting the media (Matt Gutman) know in advance this is happening.

Evening on 3/16 (6:30pm) exit the Mayors office and seed the 911 audio to the waiting Matt Gutman along with some splendid story about Sybrina’s breakdown and running out of the room in tears.

Evening on 3/16 (8-11pm) get on every TV show and sow the seeds for the next phase…..

…. and sow it goes.",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
34433,"All leading economic forecasters said it would be impossible for President Trump’s MAGAnomic plans to generate 3% GDP growth in the first year. President Obama said it was impossible and Trump would need a “magic wand, or something“. Well, three … Continue reading →",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
125261,"Wow, just wow. This judge is nuts!

Has he forgotten the example of Ty Da Shooter? Has he forgotten Jeffrey Williams opening fire on Ferguson police?

According to the Associated Press a federal judge, U.S. District Judge E. Richard Webber, has ordered St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch’s office to release the full unredacted transcripts from the Grand Jury testimony in the Michael Brown shooting case against officer Darren Wilson.

Specifically, Judge Webber is forcing McCulloch’s office to also release the names of the Grand Jury witnesses who gave testimony during the investigation. The names will be given to Anthony Gray, a monumentally corrupt attorney who represents the family of Michael Brown.

Those who followed the Brown case closely will note there is every reason to believe those witnesses will be hunted down by the racial apparatus that is embedded inside the professional grievance activists. They will not be safe:

“We now get the chance to have an unblemished look at who said what to whom and under what context,” Anthony Gray, the family’s attorney, told The Associated Press. “We consider this to be a huge development in the case — very significant and monumental in terms of discovery.” (link)

It should be noted and emphasized that in addition to the Grand Jury clearing Darren Wilson, the Eric Holder Department of Justice did not find any reason to justify any civil rights violations. To the contrary, the DOJ final report cleared Officer Wilson and substantiated the entirety of the evidence provided to the Grand Jury.

The continuation of the grievances against McCullough’s office, by the Brown family in general, and Anthony Gray specifically, is a vindictive effort not only targeted toward a financial payday but to also send a message to the witnesses that supporting the rule of law will not be tolerated by the black grievance activists including the ultra-violent gang member and step-father, Louis Head.

Those witness names along with their sealed testimony will reach the streets specifically because Anthony Gray will ensure it happens. This is a very bad decision. There will be blood on the hands of Judge E Richard Webber.

Full AP Article is Available HERE

CTH Archives on Mike Brown CASE HERE

CTH Archives on Mike Brown Grand Jury Evidence HERE

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
133500,"Just when you think the Trayvon Martin story has apex’d away from insufferable you read something blood boiling LIKE THIS MIT media research study, replete with Ryan Julison interview smarm, and the blood pressure cuff needs another replacement.

Martin’s family was able to enlist the legal services of civil rights attorney Benjamin Crump on a pro bono basis. Crump had taken on a previous civil rights case and failed to convict, which he attributed to an inadequate media strategy prior to the trial itself (Caputo, 2012). Crump brought on local lawyer Natalie Jackson, who enlisted the pro bono services of publicist Ryan Julison.

Julison’s pitch did not emphasize the racial element to the story, but underscored agreed upon facts: a neighborhood watch vigilante, who was carrying a gun, shot an unarmed teenager, and was not arrested. Julison was particularly struck by the fact that a neighborhood watch captain would be carrying a firearm with no training of any kind other than a concealed weapons permit (Julison, 2012). Our manual analysis of stories confirmed that this detail had not appeared in most of the local coverage following Martin’s death. Later, Crump, when interviewed about the case, introduced racial framing around the story as the national media began to pay attention (Boedeker and Comas, 2012). (link)

Oh, how the meme advances embeds. The study…

…. is a little academically wonky but well worth the read if only to see how the false assumptions are yet still embedded inside the uninformed framework.

The MIT study itself is also presented in another article, “How a crime becomes political: Trayvon Martin and the way different media co-create the news“, which does a slightly better job of digging through the weeds to expose the nature of the political ruse.

The second article actually might lower blood pressure -from the first- for it contains an insightful comment upon conclusion:

This exemplary study is, perhaps, one of the most important stories to come out of this incident, and maps in detail how a minor event was deliberately manipulated into a national and international news story with ramifications far beyond the actual elements of the incident – such as racial profiling, Stand Your Ground laws, and racial discrimination in, or ineffectiveness of, the legal system.

What it proves, beyond any reasonable doubt, is that it was the intervention of the Martin family legal and PR team which caused enough noise to disseminate a contrived narrative, containing substantial misinformation, into the public domain.

And, just as importantly, it was not until after the Black and Left alternative media ran with the false narrative that the conservative blog sites entered the fray to challenge and counteract what had then become a national mainstream disinformation campaign.

Then, some of the Left media, instead of investigating the veracity of the counter-claims, instead attacked the sources of those claims or attacked the claims as “misinformation” or “character assassination” while ignoring their own complicity in spreading misinformation willfully created by the Martin Family Team. – Robert Riversong

Yes. THIS! ↑

Meanwhile slightly off topic: 1.) we will continue monitoring the Ben Kruidbos lawsuit and assisting with information where possible. 2.) we are not finished with the M-DSPD angle, just staying small…..

Advertisements",theconservativetreehouse.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
