,content,domain,fake,conspiracy,political,junksci,unreliable,bias,hate,reliable,satire,clickbait,unknown,rumor
290939,"Finally, A Product That Will Help You Reduce Clutter In Your Handbag Roxanne Adamiyatt Share Credit: Courtesy; Time Inc. Digital Studios (2) Every single time I add a new beauty product to my collection that is exeriencing seemingly exponential growth, I also feel a slight pang of guilt. Mostly because I know it means, my handbag will likely grow heavier still, I will have less space for food in my kitchen cabinets, and there might be more clutter on my counters. Alas, I have no self-control. Especially when it comes to hand cream and lip balm-- two things I never want to be caught without. Seriously, that feeling when you're out for dinner or drinks and not a single person has lip balm? Blech. No thanks. Or when you wash your hands in a public restroom and then your hands feel all dried out. It's not fun. Sure there are plenty of things in this world that are worse. But these are things that we can preemptively tackle in a world where we may not have control over everything. Which is why I am obsessed with votre vu's two-in-one hand cream/lip balm. Read on to find out why it will not only save space in your handbag or on your bedside table, but also make youre hands and lips seriously thank you. What It's Called:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
45809,"By Laurie Goering MARRAKESH, Morocco (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - When powerful Cyclone Heta hit the tiny Pacific island nation of Niue in 2004, it caused huge damage, including destroying 95 percent of the collection in Niue’s museum.
Cultural losses like this are likely to increase as storms and floods super-charged by climate change cause more damage and displace a growing number of the world’s most vulnerable people - particularly in low-lying island nations susceptible to rising sea level - leaving behind family cemeteries, churches and familiar homes.
But some creative ways to protect culture are emerging, not least from heritage protection organizations that have long experience dealing with threats to culture but have not, until now, played a big role in figuring out solutions to climate-related threats.
In Syrian refugee camps in Jordan, for instance, residents are being helped to plant gardens to help them settle in - and being given seeds specifically of the familiar herbs they used to grow at home.
In Iraq, ancient buildings threatened by Islamic State extremists have been preserved digitally with 3D scanning equipment that can help project or reproduce an exact model of a building. This technology could also “save” important buildings threatened by erosion, flooding or other climate impacts.
So far there has been little connection between experts who preserve threatened heritage sites and experts in climate-linked displacement. “Our job is to build bridges,” said Andrew Potts of the International Council of Monuments and Sites (ICOMOS), a 140-country network of heritage organizations and experts based in France.
“Climate mobility and displacement is a heritage issue, and heritage is a climate displacement and mobility issue,” he said on the sidelines of the U.N. climate talks in Morocco, which end this Friday.
ON THE MOVE IN LOUISIANA
Climate threats to culture are already rising in many parts of the world. In the U.S. state of Louisiana, residents of flood-prone Isle de Jean Charles are receiving a $48 million grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to move their entire community to higher ground.
But the funding won’t pay for the indigenous community to relocate deceased family members buried in the graveyard to a new cemetery, a process that under U.S. law is hugely costly. Some people say they won’t go as a result.
Still, efforts are underway to capture and preserve as much of the island’s unique character and history as possible before the move, to prevent the information being lost.
“Jean Charles will be a test case,” said Victoria Herrmann, who is documenting U.S. communities moving as a result of sea-level rise and other climate change pressures as part of her work for the Arctic Institute. The idea is “to make sure when the last person leaves the island, there’s a documented cultural history to bring along”.
The effort in Isle de Jean Charles may not be an unqualified success, but “that’s all good information” for the next time a community needs to move, she said.
Teresia Powell of Fiji’s ministry of environment helped manage the relocation of the 140-family village of Vunidogoloa after it was inundated by sea-level rise and flooding from the Tabia River in 2010 as a result of Cyclone Thomas.
Keeping the relocation site as close to the old community as possible is one way to protect culture, she said, as is keeping people together rather than resettling them in different places.
“It’s emotional when you move from a community you are attached to,” Powell said. Vunidogoloa, after discussions with the community, was relocated just a 10-minute drive inland and still had a view of the sea. But people no longer lived alongside the water, or in the houses where they and their parents had been born, she said.
To make such moves work and protect as much as possible, “relocation should be thorough and slow”, she urged.
KEEPING PACE
The extent of the challenges associated with moving people and cultures is evident in language in some places, Herrmann said.
In Samoa in the Pacific Islands, for example, the words for “land” and “blood” are the same. “To move to a new spot challenges who you are,” she said.
ICOMOS’ Potts noted that when a community is forced to move, “it’s inevitable some of their built heritage will have to be left behind”. But many other aspects of culture, including language, crafts and festivals, can be easier to take along – though they may also be based on “a profound and deep understanding of a particular spot on the globe”.
“This community wisdom is often quite transferable and usable in other contexts but it’s fragile. How is that conserved as the community moves?” he asked.
Herrmann said it’s worth remembering that some communities are already experts at preserving culture while on the move, such as Alaskan indigenous groups who traditionally switched between seasonal camps, carrying their culture with them.
“It’s important to acknowledge that sometimes the community itself has the best resilience strategy,” she said. The problem is determining whether old strategies can still work in an era of rapid changes in the climate – and bringing in new ideas for cultural preservation where needed, she added.
“In some places, changes are coming too quickly,” she said. “It’s only when you have both aspects together that you can do the best job when you have to make tough decisions.”
(Reporting by Laurie Goering; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights and climate change. Visit http://news.trust.org)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
295044,"View photos
Noah Cyrus is following in her big sister's footsteps.
Miley Cyrus' 16-year-old sibling released her debut single on Tuesday, with a new sound and a new look, proving she's all grown up.
WATCH: Noah Cyrus, 15, Shows Up in Skimpy Crop Top to Kylie Jenner's Birthday Party
Noah took to Instagram to spread the word, showing off a darker look in the artwork for her song, ""Make Me (Cry)"" featuring Labrinth.
""So happy to finally share this. my new song #MakeMeCry feat. @labrinth is out now!!!"" she wrote alongside the stunning pic.
Listen to the edgy track below:
RELATED: Inside Noah Cyrus' 'AHS: Freak Show'-Themed Sweet 16 Bash
While this isn't Noah's first time in the studio -- she sang the theme song for Disney's Ponyo with Frankie Jonas in 2009 -- it's her first official release after signing a big record deal last September.
Noah's been working hard on her music ever since, opening up about her budding career to Paper earlier this year.
""My dad always had me sing alongside him while he played guitar. He taught me how to harmonize to an old song of his, 'Missing You,'"" she shared. ""Writing is the best way to get your mind clear. It's also a great way to explain your past or what you hope for the future.""
WATCH: Miley Cyrus Goes All-Out '80s With Liam Hemsworth at Brother Luke's Birthday Bash
Related Articles
Ariel Winter Snaps Sexy Swimsuit Selfie Jenna Dewan Tatum Shows Off Toned Abs Kendall Jenner Stuns in Lace-up Catsuit",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
135301,"VA Hospital Comedy Produced By Jim Parsons Gets ABC Put Pilot Commitment Nellie Andreeva Pin it Share ABC has given a put pilot commitment to Lakeside VA , a single-camera comedy from Jim Parsons and Todd Spiewak’s That’s Wonderful Productions and Warner Bros. TV where the company is based. Written and co-executive produced by Shelly Gossman ( Raising Hope ) with Modern Family alum Bill Wrubel as showrunner under his WBTV deal, Lakeside VA follows a C+ team of VA hospital employees who are underfunded, understaffed, and stopped overworking themselves to make up for it years ago, until a new hotshot female chief of surgery steps in to turn them into an A team. Gossman will be writing from experience. Her father is a Vietnam veteran, and in her early 20s, Gossman worked a day job at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. The show will draw from Gossman’s personal experiences, as well as first-hand accounts from veterans and VA staff across the country. Parsons and Spiewak will executive produce alongside Wrubel. Eric Norsoph, Head of Development and Production for That’s Wonderful, will oversee the project for the company. This is That’s Wonderful’s second sale this season, joining drama The Terranauts at the CW, written by Zach Helm based on the novel by T.C. Boyle . Parsons next co-stars in the Fox feature Hidden Figures, which opens Dec. 25 . Gossman, who started her writing career on Saturday Night Live , is repped by CAA. Wrubel is repped by CAA and Ken Richman of Hansen Jacobson. That’s Wonderful is repped by CAA. Parsons is repped by CAA, Marsha McManus of Principal Entertainment LA, and Cheryl Snow of Gang, Tyre. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
297858,"Repealing Obamacare was a top priority for new administration but after meeting with President Obama, Trump may consider keeping parts of it.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
60214,"KINSHASA (Reuters) - A landslide killed at least 13 people last week in southeastern Democratic Republic of Congo after thousands of artisanal miners began invading a copper mine controlled by Freeport-McMoRan Inc, the provincial governor said on Monday. Between 5,000 and 10,000 illegal miners have descended on the Tenke copper mine, one of the world's largest, since last week, Richard Muyej, governor of Lualaba province, told U.N.-sponsored Radio Okapi.
""The Tenke Fungurume site is overrun by clandestine miners who organize incursions into the heart of the private concession,"" Muyej said. ""The report I received indicated that 13 bodies were taken from the site.""
It was not immediately clear what accounted for the surge in artisanal miners on site. Freeport did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Freeport agreed in May to sell its 56 percent stake in Tenke to China Molybdenum and Toronto-based Lundin Mining announced last week it would sell its 24 percent stake to BHR Partners, a Chinese private equity firm.
But state miner Gecamines, which owns the remaining 20 percent, is trying to block the sales, saying they violate its right to purchase the stakes for itself.
Deadly accidents are common in Congo's mostly unregulated artisanal mining sector, where diggers use rudimentary tools, but far rarer at its large industrial mines.
Tens of thousands of people in Congo's southeast depend on small-scale mining to support their families and often operate within the perimeters of industrial mines. Congo is Africa's largest copper producer.
(Reporting by Aaron Ross; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
266542,"By Asma Alsharif and Eric Knecht CAIRO, Nov 8 (Reuters) - Egypt expects to receive $2.75 billion in aid from the International Monetary Fund as early as next week, part of a $12 billion package it hopes will avert an economic crisis and halt a slide in its newly floated currency.
Import-dependent Egypt has struggled to attract dollars and revive its economy since the 2011 uprising that ended Hosni Mubarak's 30-year rule drove away tourists and foreign investors, essential sources of hard currency.
Facing a gaping deficit, plummeting foreign reserves and a burgeoning currency black market, it agreed a $12 billion loan with the IMF in August but had to secure $5 billion to $6 billion in bilateral financing for the deal to be finalised.
Egyptian officials said they were ready to make the final push for the loan after the central bank abandoned its currency peg to the U.S. dollar on Thursday in a dramatic move welcomed by the Fund and World Bank.
The Washington-based lender said on Tuesday it would review and was likely to approve Egypt's programme on Friday.
Egypt's Deputy Finance Minister Ahmed Kouchouk told Reuters he expects an initial disbursement of $2.75 billion as early as next Tuesday should the board grant approval.
""Over the past few months, the Egyptian authorities have embarked on an ambitious reform program to put the country's economy on a sustainable path and achieve job-rich growth,"" IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said in a statement.
""I will recommend that the board approve Egypt's request.""
Clinching the IMF deal would be a milestone in Egypt's efforts to restore confidence in an economy battered by years of turmoil and a shortage of foreign currency that has stifled business activity and repelled foreign investors unable to cash out their earnings.
Welcomed as a necessary move by business and many economists, Egypt has embarked on ambitious reforms that carry enormous risks for President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who seized power in mid-2013 promising to restore stability after a year of divisive Islamist rule.
Since taking power, the general-turned-president has struggled to transform tens of billions of dollars of aid from Gulf Arab allies into sustainable growth for a weary populace.
But unlike previous governments, which have shied away for decades from politically sensitive measures, Sisi's government has imposed a value-added tax, cut power subsidies, raised fuel prices and floated the pound, all in the space of three months.
Though Egyptians have complained of rising inflation and biting austerity, the government has said there was no going back as the country could no longer afford delays.
SINK OR SWIM?
The IMF cash should help stabilise the pound after its peg of 8.8 pounds per dollar was ditched on Thursday to help draw in capital, crush a booming black market for dollars and help banks starved of foreign currency clear months-old backlogs.
On the third day of interbank trading the pound dropped to nearly 18 per dollar, in line with black market rates that had risen rapidly and brought business to a near standstill in the days before the float.
Banks have been opening daily until 9 p.m. this week to accept dollar deposits and sales while the government has broadcast messages on Egyptian radio calling on the public to shun the black market and use the banks.
Anxious Egyptians have stashed dollars under mattresses in recent months as a hedge against inflation, which has soared above 14 percent.
It is not clear how many dollars have come into banks since the float, but bankers and businesspeople said some black market dealers had been forced to sell dollars into the banking system as they struggled to find buyers.
""I don't think people will jump right back to the black market because the banks are trying to get the liquidity from the black market as well,"" one commodities trader said.
Maintaining its currency peg had slashed foreign reserves to $19.041 billion in October from about $36 billion just before the 2011 uprising.
Governor Tarek Amer said last week that the central bank is targeting dollar reserves of about $25 billion by year-end, including pledges from China, G7 countries, and Arab allies.
Austerity measures are expected to intensify, although the government insists it will protect the poor by keeping subsidies on staples such as bread untouched.
The central bank allocated over $1 billion last month to help stockpile cheap essentials at food outlets where the poorest citizens shop.
Businesses and traders said they were unfazed by the pound's slide in recent days and expressed relief that the currency black market may finally dry up.
""At least now things are more stable. We used to update our price list every two hours because our suppliers kept changing the prices,"" the owner of a furniture factory said.
""Now we update our price list once at the end of every day."" (Reporting by Asma Asharif, Lin Noueihed, Arwa Gaballa and Eric Knecht; Writing by Lin Noueihed and Eric Knecht; Editing by Andrew Torchia and Catherine Evans)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
32776,"By Stephen Kalin ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Mounting civilian casualties from fighting in eastern Mosul between Iraqi forces and Islamic State are overwhelming the capacity of the government and international aid groups, the United Nations said on Saturday.
Nearly 200 wounded civilians and military personnel were transferred to hospital last week, the highest level since the campaign to push the jihadists out of their last major stronghold in Iraq began on Oct. 17, said Lise Grande, the U.N. humanitarian coordinator for Iraq.
The proportion of civilians among the wounded also appears to be on the rise, reaching 20 percent in the first month of the offensive, according to a Department of Health official, though part of the increase is likely due to improved access to areas newly retaken from Islamic State.
""Authorities are doing everything they can to help but there isn't sufficient trauma capacity at the field level to deal with the numbers of people being wounded by sharp-shooters and snipers and in crossfire. Civilians are being targeted by ISIL,"" she told Reuters, using an acronym for Islamic State.
A 100,000-strong alliance of Iraqi forces, with air and ground support from a U.S.-led coalition, have nearly surrounded Mosul but so far only breached the jihadists' defenses from the eastern side, establishing a small foothold inside the city.
Militants are dug in among more than a million civilians as a defense tactic to hamper air strikes. They are moving around the city through tunnels, driving suicide car bombs into advancing troops and hitting them with sniper and mortar fire.
The Iraqi authorities do not release comprehensive casualty statistics, but the U.N. figures probably represent just a fraction of the total as they capture only the most severe cases that cannot be treated on site, and do not include fatalities.
""We are very worried that more and more civilians will be hurt and victimized as the campaign intensifies,"" said Grande. ""Civilians are not being caught in cross-fire, they are being targeted.""
(Reporting By Stephen Kalin; Editing by Kevin Liffey)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
108082,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru rebuked the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization on Wednesday for hiring former first lady Nadine Heredia as a Geneva-based director while she is a suspect in a money laundering inquiry. The South American country's Foreign Affairs Ministry issued a statement expressing its ""displeasure and protest"" over the appointment, which comes amid allegations by public prosecutors that Heredia and her husband, former president Ollanta Humala, took illicit funds from the government of Venezuela and Brazilian construction companies.
""We see this as interference in a public investigation of enormous national sensitivity,"" Foreign Affairs Minister Ricardo Luna said on local broadcaster RPP.
Earlier this year a judge barred Heredia from leaving Peru while her finances were probed, but prosecutors have yet to press charges against her or Humala in the high-profile case.
Peru's objections come as current President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has sought to shore up his anti-corruption credentials after his adviser was ousted for appearing to plot corrupt acts in leaked audio and a deputy minister resigned after facing possible jail time in a separate graft case.
The FAO defended its decision to hire Heredia as director of the agency's liaison office in Geneva, saying travel restrictions for her expired in October and to its knowledge were not extended.
""The appointment of Ms Heredia was transparent applying ordinary competitive procedures and based on a rigorous selection process,"" the FAO said in a statement. ""The case in Peru does not pose any impediments to her performing her new role.""
Heredia was a FAO special ambassador in 2013, tasked with promoting the consumption of quinoa, a protein-rich Andean seed grown by Quechua-speaking farmers in Peru and Bolivia.
Heredia's lawyer did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Heredia has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing and has said she is cooperating fully with authorities. She has said the allegations of foul play are politically motivated.
Heredia, the co-founder and president of Humala's Nationalist Party of Peru, was once widely seen as having a bright political future, possibly as president. But she faced constant criticism for playing an influential role in Humala's government, which left office in July with low approval ratings.
Humala and Heredia rose to power on a left-leaning nationalist platform, but defended the country's longstanding pro-business policies while in office.
Earlier this month a judge ordered Humala to deposit a bail bond to ensure he cooperates with the investigation after prosecutors said they have evidence to convict him of money laundering. He has denied the allegations.
(Reporting By Mitra Taj and Marco Aquino; Editing by Alan Crosby)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
273581,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Francois Hollande said on Tuesday he did not believe U.S. President-elect Donald Trump would scrap a deal between major powers and Iran over Tehran's nuclear program. ""This accord gives us all security ... could the U.S. with Donald Trump put into question this accord? I don't think so,"" Hollande told France 24 television.
""There is a principle of reality and this deal gives us guarantees. The absence of an accord would be very serious,"" he said.
(Reporting by John Irish; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
304772,"This video proves that the “Beauty and the Beast” trailer is EXACTLY the same as the 1991 film version and our minds are blown Alim Kheraj Pin it Share More When we first saw the Beauty and the Beast trailer, there were a couple of things going through out minds. Firstly, we were just like “OH MY GOSH THIS LOOKS AMAZING.” Secondly, we felt a twinge of recognition. That’s because the new Beauty And The Beast trailer is exactly the same as the 1991 film’s one. Given that Beauty and the Beast seems to be breaking records left, right, and center already, it’s safe to say that people are pretty excited about this film’s release . Likewise, we’re super pumped to see the changes that Emma Watson has helped instigate with the character of Belle, and to witness what differences Watson will bring to the role . However, it seems that with the latest trailer, Disney are also paying homage to the 1991 animated version of the much loved tale. As Movie Pilot point out in their incredible Facebook video, there are LOADS of similarities between the trailer for the 1991 animated movie and the new live-action Beauty and the Beast . In fact, the trailer is basically a shot-for-shot remake of the 1991 one and our minds our blown! 
The new Beauty and the Beast trailer shot for shot with the original movie! Posted by moviepilot.com on Monday, November 14, 2016 ISN’T. THIS. JUST. INCREDIBLE!? Given how well loved the original Beauty and the Beast is, we think it’s amazing to see how those involved with making the live-action version have paid tribute to the film. We love all the subtle details, too, like the exploding carts and the petal falling at the end. It’s so wonderful. Of course, there *some* differences between the two trailers. For example, Belle’s beautiful green dress in the original trailer has been replaced, and some of the colors are different when it comes to the Beast’s castle. However, we have to say that things *do* look pretty similar. We guess we’re going to have to wait until the film is released on March 17th, 2017, to find out exactly how similar or different things are. We can’t wait!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
202808,"Tucker Carlson Gets Greta Van Susteren’s Timeslot At Fox News Channel – Update Lisa de Moraes Pin it Share UPDATED with FNC confirmation: Tucker Carlson is taking over for Brit Hume as host of Fox News Channel ’s 7 PM show left open when Greta Van Susteren vacated earlier this year in a contract dispute. Fox News Channel has confirmed Carlson landed the 7 PM timeslot and will debut on November 14, though Hume spilled the beans earlier today: Great news! @TuckerCarlson will take over On the Record after the election as the new host. Congratulations to him. Terrific choice! 
— Brit Hume (@brithume) November 3, 2016 Though Hume suggested otherwise, the Carlson show will not be called On The Record , though a new name has not yet been locked. Carlson’s new did ends talk of the network going in a less conservative direction with the exit of Roger Ailes. That chatter had continued in some industry quarters, despite comments to the contrary made by 21st Century Fox chairman Rupert Murdoch, who stepped in as Fox News interim CEO in the wake of Ailes ouster. The hire of Carson, said by sources to be a Murdoch protege, is the first big on-air move since Murdoch moved in. Don’t expect Carlson to appear before the election, since details still are being pounded out. Hume has been filled in as host since early September, when FNC announced Van Susteren was gone, effective immediately. At the time, FNC said Hume would fill in through the presidential election. Back then, Van Susteren took to Facebook to explain that she had take advantage of that much-discussed clause in her contract allowing her to leave and explained her hasty exit with: “The clause had a time limitation, meaning I could not wait.” Like Van Susteren, Bill O’Reilly, Sean Hannity and Bret Baier have “key man” clauses in their contracts that allow them to leave if Fox News chief Roger Ailes departed. Which, of course, Ailes did in July, as FNC parent 21st Century Fox investigated Ailes and the network after Gretchen Carlson filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against Ailes. Another FNC timeslot may open up for Murdoch to fill. Fox News also is in negotiations with Megyn Kelly whose contract expires in the not-distant future. Kelly recently agreed to co-host Live with Kelly the morning after the presidential election. Same day that booking was announced, Murdoch gave an interview to his newspaper, Wall Street Journal, to publicly announce Kelly is important to the network and he hopes to get her under contract “very soon,” while sending her a message that “we have a deep bench of talent, many of whom would give their right arm for her” timeslot. Carlson, 47, joined FNC as a contributor in ’09, and co-hosts the weekend edition of Fox & Friends since ’13. Before joining Fox News, he hosted Tucker on MSNBC for three years. But Carlson, who also is founder of the conservative web site The Daily Caller, is maybe most famous for co-hosting CNN’s slugfest show Crossfire, including that fateful day in 2004 when fake newsman Jon Stewart paid the show a visit and “disembowled it” as another of its co-hosts, the liberal Paul Begala, described.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
156073,"SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) — South Dakota's small, tight-knit Jewish community has made do without a rabbi for several years, but the state's status as the only one with no rabbi will change this winter when a family arrives from New York to open a Jewish community center. Rabbi Mendel Alperowitz and his wife, Mussie, will open a Chabad House in the coming weeks in Sioux Falls that will offer religious education, worship services and other programs. Alperowitz will also travel across the sparsely populated prairie state to reach as many Jews — observant and nonobservant — as possible.
""This is really a great time for us,"" said Alperowitz, who previously traveled to South Dakota as a visiting rabbi. ""It will be an open home. ... Our primary goal is to help ensure that there isn't one Jew in the entire state of South Dakota that feels lonely and disconnected and that every individual feels at home and inspired by our traditions.""
The house will host social and cultural activities for children and adults, including events for women only. Alperowitz will lead Hanukkah activities in the state when the holiday is observed next month.
The first Jews to settle in what is now South Dakota established themselves in Deadwood during the gold rush more than 150 years ago, finding a niche selling hardware, groceries, dry goods and more. By 1920, the state was home to some 1,300 Jews. But that community is estimated to have shrunk to about 400 people — less than a tenth of 1 percent of South Dakota's population. Alperowitz, however, estimates the number is closer to 1,000.
South Dakota's last rabbi, Stephen Forstein, arrived in the late 1970s after the rabbi at the Sioux Falls synagogue died. Forstein was a part-time rabbi who also operated a lighting supply business that took him around the state.
""I'm out to sell a product, be it like light bulbs or Judaism, and I make no bones about it — I'm selling Judaism,"" he told The Associated Press in November 1980. Forstein moved to Michigan in 1998 , and since then the community has been served by lay leaders and student rabbis who travel to the state on a monthly or bimonthly basis.
In addition, Chabad-Lubavitch rabbinical students who are part of a global community-outreach training program known as ""The Roving Rabbis"" also come to the state at different times during the year.
Chabad-Lubavitch, which runs the houses like the one that the Alperowitzes will lead in Sioux Falls, is a movement within Orthodox Judaism. It also operates schools and other institutions and reaches out to nonobservant Jews to encourage them to embrace their heritage and religious traditions. It is active on college campuses and in cities around the globe.
Alperowitz, 27, will encounter few Orthodox Jews in South Dakota, as the majority of the Jews in the state are Reform Jews. Theological differences exist between the two groups, and while he will be based in Sioux Falls, Alperowitz will not be the rabbi of the congregation at the city's synagogue.
""I think it's really positive for him to come to our community; there's no rabbi in the state and he brings great resources,"" said Stephen Rosenthal, a member of the board of the Sioux Falls synagogue. ""However, he is an Orthodox rabbi, and Mount Zion here in Sioux Falls is a Reform congregation. ... Like in Christianity, there's the Catholics and the Protestants and the Evangelicals. Everybody doesn't agree on exactly the same theology.""
Alperowitz acknowledged that he won't be a traditional pulpit rabbi and expects to spend lots of hours on the road.
""I'll be visiting people at their homes really all across the state whenever possible,"" Alperowitz said. ""I'm going there viewing that each Jew is really unique and precious to us, just like our own brother and sister really, and we look forward to celebrating our traditions with them.""
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
255242,"If you need a little diversion from your post-election news hangover, NASA has you covered. The space agency is currently streaming live views from the International Space Station on Facebook, showing the blue, green and brown beauty of Earth from above. 
SEE ALSO: This is what it looks like to come back to Earth from space 
As of 12:30 p.m. ET, about 16,000 people were watching the live feed, streamed from NASA's International Space Station account. 
The Facebook Live comes after a series of fake ""live"" streams from space started popping up on the social media platform on Oct. 26. 
NASA's feed is from a high-definition camera positioned on the outside of the Space Station which continually beams down views of Earth. That feed is constantly streamed online thanks to NASA.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
50862,"Anna Kendrick, Billy Eichner, and James Corden Sing the 'Soundtrack to Growing Up' Rachel McRady Pin it Share Anna Kendrick, Billy Eichner, and James Corden proved that life is a song on Monday night! The trio performed ""The Soundtrack to Life"" on The Late Late Show, singing through the entire life of one girl (Kendrick). MORE: Anna Kendrick Belts Out Classic Love Songs With James Corden on 'The Late Late Show' ""Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once and a while, you could miss it,"" Corden began, quoting Ferris Bueller's Day Off . ""So tonight we've got 14 songs, 10 sets, one take and zero pressure."" It started off in a hospital room where Eichner is singing Salt-N-Pepa's ""Push It"" before Kendrick comes popping out belting out Adele's ""Hello."" As they move through adolescence, Kendrick meets her ""baby"" Corden and sings Madonna's ""Like a Virgin."" As Kendrick becomes a businesswoman, she sings Dolly Parton's ""9 to 5"" and Rihanna's ""B**ch Better Have My Money."" Finally she comes back to ""Push It,"" having a baby of her own, which prompts Eichner to lift the child in the air and start into The Lion King's ""Circle of Life."" It all ends on Alicia Keys' ""Girl on Fire"" as Kendrick is dressed in her work clothes with her baby strapped to her. This isn't the first time Kendrick has participated in one of Corden's musical sketches. In June she performed the ""Soundtrack to a Love Story"" with Corden and in May 2015 she challenged him to a Riff-Off. For more of Corden's musical antics, watch the clip below! Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
94717,"The driver of a school bus that crashed in Tennessee Tuesday has been arrested and charged following the wreck that left five young children dead. Chattanooga police announced that Johnthony Walker, 24, has been charged with five counts of vehicular homicide, reckless endangerment, and reckless driving after his bus turned on its side and wrapped around a tree Tuesday afternoon.
Watch: 13 People Dead and 31 Injured in One of California's Deadliest Highway Crashes 
In a Tuesday morning press conference, authorities said the victims would not be named but noted they include three 4th graders, a kindergarten student and one first grader at Woodmore Elementary School.
Hamilton County schools interim Superintendent Dr. Kirk Kelly said four of the victims were girls and one was a boy.
Among the dead is 10-year-old Zyanna Harris, whose identity WREG confirmed with her stepfather.
All told, 24 students were taken to hospitals. It reportedly took about two hours to extricate the last children from the bus.
Six of the hospitalized students were in the Intensive Care Unit, Kelly said.
Police said they are looking at speed “very, very strongly” as a factor in the crash.
""The defendant was traveling at high rate of speed on Talley Road, which is a narrow winding road. Based on witness statements and physical evidence the defendant was driving the school bus at a high rate of speed, well above the posted speed limit of 30 MPH,"" the police report reads.
Alarmingly, one parent told WWJ-TV that her child told her the driver made disturbing statements prior to the crash.
""The mother says that in the moments before the crash, the bus driver said something to the effect of ‘Are you all ready to die?’ and then seconds later, the bus was on its side and five kids were killed,"" CBS News Correspondent Mark Strassman said.
And, in a cruel twist, the mother of one of the victims told WRCB that she wrote a letter to the school complaining about Walker's driving just two weeks ago. The station reports that two sisters in that same family were on the bus and are now in intensive care.
Walker remains in custody on $107,500 bond and is scheduled to appear in court on November 29.
Chattanooga Police Chief Fred Fletcher said the bus was the only vehicle involved in the crash.
""Our hearts go out, as well as the hearts of all these people behind me, to the families, the neighborhood, the school, for all the people involved in this, we assure you we are doing everything we can,"" he said.
Read: Commuter Train Engineer in Deadly Crash Had Undiagnosed Sleep Apnea: Lawyer 
Hamilton County Public Schools, including Woodmore Elementary, were open Tuesday, and grief counselors on hand for students.
“I understand if parents feel it necessary to keep their students home from Woodmore Elementary today, but want to once again remind everyone that extra trained personnel will be there to counsel and aid anyone seeking assistance in dealing with this horrible tragedy,” Kelly, the superintendent, said in a statement.
""Our next step as a school system in the coming days, weeks, and months is to work to heal as a community,” said Kelly.
Watch: After New Jersey's Train Crash, Here's How to Escape a Collision Alive  
Related Articles: Girl, 14, Teaches Her Horse to Bow for Veterans This 3-Month-Old Baby Has a Full Head of Hair Nurse Sings to Soothe His Patients",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
146061,"See Emma Watson's Iconic Belle Dress for ""EW"" Peggy Truong Photo credit: Disney | Courtesy Entertainment Weekly More Entertainment Weekly has blessed the world with the first full image of Emma Watson in Belle's iconic yellow dress on the latest cover. Dan Stevens as Beast is also there, but he's mostly in CGI so let's get back to the dress. Could this be from the middle of their dance during Mrs. Potts' (Emma Thompson) rendition of ""Beauty and the Beast?"" What kind of shoes is Belle wearing? And where is everyone else? Disney previously released the film's first official poster featuring another iconic item from the original movie: View photos Photo credit: Disney More Beauty and the Beast , which also stars Ewan McGregor as Lumiere, Ian McKellen as Cogsworth, and Josh Gad as LeFou, opens March 17. Follow Peggy on Twitter .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
190732,"Former ITV Executive Steve November Joins Lionsgate Anita Busch Pin it Share BREAKING: Former ITV drama chief Steve November who oversaw such shows as Downton Abbey and Doc Martin and was at ITV for 16 years before leaving in April in an executive shuffle, has been hired by Lionsgate . It was previously thought the executive might have been on his way to the BBC but it was announced during Lionsgate’s call with Wall Street analysts that he had been hired at the studio. The hire is seen as a coup for Lionsgate as November is widely respected. November, who is based in London, is now creative director of UK Television for Lionsgate UK and will oversee the growth of the studio’s TV business in the UK. He will report to Lionsgate UK CEO Zygi Kamasa in London and Lionsgate TV Group Chairman Kevin Beggs stateside. November first joined ITV as part of the commissioning team in 2008 as Head of Drama Series, overseeing a slate that included Foyle’s Wa r and Law & Order:UK . Prior to joining ITV, he produced flagship ITV soaps Emmerdale and Coronation Street . While at ITV, he also oversaw Cold Feet .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
56168,"LOS ANGELES (AP) — The ""Duck Dynasty"" family says its A&E series will end after this season. The announcement topped Wednesday's debut episode of the show's 11th season.
""Duck Dynasty,"" one of reality TV's biggest hits, starred a successful Louisiana duck call-making family, the Robertsons. They told viewers it was a family decision to make this season the final chapter.
The last flight of ""Duck Dynasty"" will be broken into halves. The show will run through Jan. 18, take a break and then resume March 1. The series finale is set for April 12.
But the family teased Wednesday that there could be ""Duck Dynasty"" specials ahead.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
123547,"Hasakeh (Syria) (AFP) - A US-backed alliance of Syrian Kurds and Arabs will lead the assault on the Islamic State group's stronghold of Raqa, but rejects any Turkish role, its spokesman said Thursday. ""We will see a campaign led by the Syrian Democratic Forces to liberate Raqa city,"" SDF spokesman Talal Sello said.
Raqa will be the last major city under the jihadists' control if forces in neighbouring Iraq win the battle now under way for Mosul.
Backed by US-led coalition air strikes, the SDF has flushed IS out of swathes of territory in northern Syria, most recently the flashpoint town of Manbij.
It is dominated by the powerful Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG).
The United States and Britain said in late October they expected an assault on Raqa -- IS's de facto capital in Syria -- within weeks.
""We are ready. We have the sufficient numbers for this campaign and we will start it soon,"" Sello told AFP, without specifying a timetable.
But he insisted that the fight would not include Turkey, which views the YPG as linked to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), considered by Ankara as a ""terrorist"" group.
""The topic of Turkey's participation was settled with the (US-led anti-IS) coalition definitively. No Turkish participation,"" he said.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
228838,"Bartalla (Iraq) (AFP) - Iraqi special forces threw themselves back into battle Saturday after a first foray into Mosul was blunted by stiffer than expected resistance from jihadists defending the birthplace of their ""caliphate"". While the elite Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) fought the Islamic State group in the streets of Mosul, the army and federal police attacked one of the last sizeable towns on the more distant southern front.
The mass exodus feared by aid groups of some of the million-plus civilians still trapped in Mosul has yet to materialise, but the number of people displaced by the battle has grown sharply in recent days.
""Our forces are now engaged in fierce fighting inside the neighbourhoods of east Mosul,"" CTS spokesman Sabah al-Noman said, adding that the ""fighting is house to house"".
In Bartalla, a town to the east that Iraqi forces have used as a base since retaking it in the early days of the nearly three-week-old offensive, ambulances returning from the front with wounded CTS fighters rushed by on a regular basis.
CTS forces made their first real push into the streets of Mosul on Friday but were met by a deluge of bombs and gunfire, and eventually forced into a partial pullback after a few hours.
- Rising displacement -
""We weren't expecting such resistance. They had blocked all the roads,"" said one officer. ""There are large numbers of jihadists... It was preferable to pull back and devise a new plan.""
The hitch in the CTS advance appeared to contradict reports that IS had moved its resources away from the east of Mosul to the west bank of the River Tigris.
The jihadist group had looked increasingly pragmatic when vastly outnumbered and outgunned in recent months, sometimes giving up emblematic bastions almost without a fight.
But some of the 3,000 to 5,000 jihadists estimated to be inside the city may have been galvanised by a rare message from their leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi on Thursday.
The jihadist supremo released an audio recording for the first time in almost a year, urging his fighters not to retreat.
Federal forces on the southern front attacked Hamam al-Alil, one of the main towns between their staging base in Qayyarah and Mosul.
""Army and federal police forces are attacking the Hamam al-Alil (area) from three sides with the support of army aviation,"" Staff Lieutenant General Abdulamir Yarallah said in a statement released by Joint Operations Command.
Forces working their way up the Tigris Valley have had more distance to cover than those on other fronts since Iraq launched the operation to retake Mosul on October 17.
- 'We were always scared' -
While the corridors called for by aid groups to allow the safe passage of civilians have yet to materialise, the number of arrivals in the displacement camps dotting the area has increased markedly.
The ministry of displacement and migration said it had taken in 9,000 displaced people during the past two days.
It put the total number of Iraqis displaced into camps since the start of the operation at 29,539.
Relief organisations were fighting the clock to build up their shelter capacity ahead of the feared mass exodus from Mosul.
In a camp east of Mosul, displaced Iraqis are living a spartan existence.
""They gave us blankets but it's not enough and the weather is very cold. We are 19 inside this tent,"" said Yunes Hassan, 53.
Another man said services were lacking and the food insufficient.
""When I bring a plate of food, all my kids are fighting to eat it,"" 30-year-old Ahmed said.
But they are still free of IS: ""Here, we and our kids can sleep until the morning; it's not like back home where we couldn't sleep. We were always scared,"" 51-year-old Abu Osama said.
Despite complaints from Iraqi forces on the ground that the number of air strikes has been insufficient, the US-led coalition insists it is providing more intense and sustained air support than ever before in its two-year campaign against IS.
Brett McGurk, US President Barack Obama's envoy to the coalition, hailed the latest military developments in a message on social media.
""New advances on all axes. Ways to go, but ahead of schedule,"" he said.
US and other commanders have warned that the offensive could take weeks or months.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who has visited the front lines several times since the offensive started, has vowed to rid the country of IS by the end of the year.
Retaking Mosul could effectively end the IS group's days as a land-holding force in Iraq and deal a death blow to the ""caliphate"" Baghdadi proclaimed in the city in June 2014.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
276489,"BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Bucharest police have questioned 17 football fans after clashes at the World Cup qualifier between Romania and Poland on Friday. Police said 12 Poles and five Romanians were taken for questioning, with 12 fined for the clashes.
The nationalities of the 12 fined were not disclosed.
Alis Grasu, a spokeswoman for the ambulance service, said a Pole with stomach pains and a Romanian with a heart condition were hospitalized. Neither condition was life-threatening.
Police fired tear gas before the Group E match, with fans throwing flares on the pitch during the game.
Poland's star striker Robert Lewandowski needed medical attention as he collapsed after a flare thrown in the 55th minute. The referee temporarily stopped the match and Lewandowski returned to the game several minutes later. He scored twice in Poland's 3-0 win against Romania.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
259765,"Shari Redstone’s Profile at Viacom Rises Amid Turmoil and Transition Cynthia Littleton Pin it Share As Viacom undergoes a top-to-bottom renovation, Shari Redstone ’s influence at the company has been rising. By many accounts, Viacom’s vice chair has been a big presence at the company’s Times Square headquarters since late August, after the ouster of Philippe Dauman as chairman-CEO was completed. Redstone led the charge in bringing in five new board members and instigating a comprehensive review of the company’s operations. Sources said as part of that process, she’s made a point of meeting with Viacom employees at all levels, acknowledging the recent upheavals and expressing her belief that the company is now back on track. She’s been spotted having friendly exchanges with the security team in the main lobby. The drama that has enveloped Viacom during the past year has naturally boosted Redstone’s profile as the key player in guiding the empire of her 93-year-old father, Sumner Redstone, the controlling shareholder of Viacom and CBS Corp. Although she has done few media interviews amid the storm, Redstone is set for a high-profile speaking slot on Thursday at the New York Times’ DealBook: Playing for the Long Term daylong conference. Redstone’s outreach at Viacom has coincided with the push by National Amusements, the Redstone family holding company, for CBS and Viacom to consider recombining in an all-stock merger. At National Amusements’ behest, the boards of Viacom and CBS created special committees in late September to study the possibility of a merger. (Viacom and CBS were brought together by Sumner Redstone in 2000 and split up again in 2006.) Shari Redstone has recused herself from both of those committees, given her 20% ownership stake in National Amusements. Redstone has told colleagues and friends that she does not want to have an executive role at Viacom beyond her board duties. But her tour of the building and the depth of her involvement in the operations review has spurred speculation to the contrary. The urgency to shake up the status quo at Viacom was underscored by the company’s fiscal fourth quarter earnings, which laid bare the company’s weaknesses in the key metrics by which media companies are judged: domestic and international advertising and affiliate revenue. And Paramount Pictures posted a whopping $137 million loss for the quarter. The studio’s vice chairman, Rob Moore, was ousted in September and questions remain about the future of chairman Brad Grey, despite the recent vote of confidence from Shari Redstone and the Viacom board. Sources close to the company say Redstone of late has been engaged with high-level decision-making related to Paramount, MTV, Nickelodeon, VH1, Comedy Central and the other cable channels that are the core of Viacom’s business. Sources say she has remarked at how much she’s enjoyed working closely with her father, who lives in Los Angeles, to help chart a new course for Viacom. As evidenced by its earnings this year, the company has felt the squeeze of a fast-changing business environment for Paramount and its cable channels. Viacom’s stock has been battered by all the corporate turmoil and the perception that the company under Dauman was slow to respond to the changing marketplace. Shari Redstone’s immediate goal at Viacom was getting a strong CEO in place at Viacom following Dauman’s exit. She’s said to have high hopes that newly appointed acting president-CEO Bob Bakish will bring stability and a renewed effort to address structural problems within the company. In the past week or so, the sentiment among CBS and Viacom insiders that the reunification is a fait accompli has shifted. There’s been more discussion internally, sources say, about the prospect of the company continuing in its current form for the foreseeable future. To wit, Viacom appears to be moving ahead with a big-ticket $400 million acquisition of Argentina’s Telefe broadcast network, an asset that fits with Bakish’s area of international expertise. Observers expressed some surprise at that move, given the potential for new management to be soon calling the shots on resources and priorities for the company which is already grappling with a heavy debt load. When the CBS-Viacom merger was first publicly proposed by National Amusements in late September, there was talk that a deal would be done by Thanksgiving. But in his announcement as acting president, Bakish vowed that the company would not “stand still” while the merger considerations were studied. And CBS chief Leslie Moonves once again expressed caution about a deal coming together and emphasized that CBS’ internal discussions were still in the “very early stages.” Read More “While the timetable and outcome are unclear, our strategy is not,” Moonves said Nov. 3 during CBS’ third-quarter earnings call. “If it looks right and is structured properly, (a Viacom merger) could be an attractive opportunity. If not, we are very excited about our prospects.” Sources close to Redstone say her primary focus remains on running her Advancit Capital private equity firm that invests in media, entertainment and technology startups. Her exposure to new business models and new thinking about media and entertainment has been instructive as Redstone works with the Viacom board to re-energize the company. She is understood to have the right, per the terms of her father’s trust, to become chairman of Viacom and of CBS after Sumner Redstone’s death. Sumner Redstone gave up the chairman’s post at both companies in February under pressure from investors and as the legal fight flared over his mental competency. Shari has already reached an agreement with Moonves ensuring that she will not exercise her right to the chairman’s post at CBS. At Viacom, new board member Thomas May was elected non-executive chairman in September. Shari Redstone’s long-term role is less clear, especially if Viacom and CBS remain separate entities. But there is no question that she has become a more prominent voice at the table, in the boardroom and beyond. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
247788,"Here's what's happening now — with projections from NBC News: Clinton has reportedly called Trump to concede, and NBC has projected the election will go to Trump. New Hampshire, Michigan and Arizona are all too close to call. Trump is projected to win key battlegrounds Ohio and North Carolina . He was the apparent winner in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania , NBC reported. The GOP nominee is also the apparent winner in Florida , according to NBC News. Trump is also the projected winner in Utah, a state that featured a relatively close three-way race. Clinton is the projected winner in Nevada, Maine and Virginia. Trump was the projected winner in several states he had been expected to win: Alaska, Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Iowa, Idaho, Indiana, West Virginia, South Carolina, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas, Wyoming, Louisiana and Kentucky. Clinton is the projected winner in several states she had been expected to win: California, Connecticut, Colorado, Delaware, Hawaii, Oregon, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Mexico, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington. She is also projected to win in D.C. As expected, the Republicans are projected to maintain control of the House. When Trump appeared to be outperforming most analysts' expectations on Tuesday night, Dow futures fell more than 800 points at one point. After he declared victory, Dow futures were down less than 300 points.
Here's what early exit polls said about this year's electorate. As for the Senate , NBC projected early Wednesday that the GOP would retain control.
And here's CNBC's latest election night coverage and analysis :
Trump just became the betting market favorite for the first time
Michigan just became more important in determining next president
Stock futures crater as race shows Trump outperforming
What people are searching for — and posting about— the election
Republican Rob Portman to win bid for re-election: NBC News
Small New Hampshire seen as key for Trump, Clinton and Senate control
NBC News Exit Poll: Two Unpopular Candidates
Showdown in the Buckeye State: 'As Ohio goes, so goes the nation'
Florida votes and nation waits to see if it will decide presidential election
Candidates face off for Pennsylvania and its 20 electoral votes
In Pennsylvania swing town, immigration is all the talk for voters
North Carolina hits ballot access problems with 15 EVs in play
Dixville Notch, NH, goes to Clinton, Millsfield goes to Trump
Photo of Trump glancing at Melania as she votes goes viral
If I lose, race would have been a 'tremendous waste,' Trump says
Senate as critical as presidency this time, former GOP senator says
GOP will face 'soul searching moment' tomorrow, fmr governor says
Poll closing times for each state on Election Day
Op-Ed: When can I go to bed? An hour-by-hour election night guide
In a well-off Pennsylvania county, voters are divided on election day
Trump campaign files Nevada lawsuit
North Carolina basks—and sweats—in election spotlight
On Election Day, Trump still says it's 'largely a rigged system'
Where you vote affects how you vote
How election may leave status quo in DC
How NBC News projects elections winners
Foreign policy expert: Election has been 'incredibly damaging' to US
Cashin warns a GOP sweep may be a slight negative for the markets
Clinton's '3rd term' of Obama would cause recession, says billionaire
Trump awakens a sleeping giant...",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
174379,"NEW YORK (AP) — ""America's Got Talent"" judge Melanie Brown will soon remind Broadway audiences what kind of talent she's got when she joins the musical ""Chicago ,"" playing jailed killer Roxie Hart. Brown, also known as Scary Spice during her time with the 1990s pop group the Spice Girls, starts Dec. 28 at the Ambassador Theatre. She follows an impressive list of stars in the role, including Marilu Henner, Ashlee Simpson and Christie Brinkley.
Brown has been a contestant on ABC's ""Dancing with the Stars"" and was a judge on the Australian edition of ""The X Factor.""
Set in the 1920s, ""Chicago"" is a scathing satire of how show business and the media make celebrities out of criminals. It has a Bob Fosse-inspired choreography, skimpy outfits and killer songs such as ""All That Jazz.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
198370,"Toys R Us Is Planning a 30-Hour Black Friday Shopping Marathon Megan Friedman From Good Housekeeping This year, several major chain stores have taken a firm stance this holiday shopping season: They're staying closed on Thanksgiving , both to encourage shoppers to stay home on the holiday and to give its workers some time off. But if you use the shopping rush to burn off some Turkey Day calories, you're in luck, because Toys R Us is planning a 30-hour shopping extravaganza, according to USA Today . The toy chain will open its doors at 5 p.m. Thanksgiving Day and stay open for a whopping 30 hours in a row. Most stores won't close until 11 p.m. on Black Friday. Once you're done shopping there, you can stop by Macy's, which also opens at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving, and Kohl's, which opens at 6 p.m. ""Our customers have voted at the doors year after year, and they continue to want the option to get an early start on their holiday shopping lists,"" Joe Venezia, executive vice president of global store operations for Toys R Us, said in a press release . Stores like Nordstrom, Costco, TJ Maxx, and Sam's Club are going against the grain and keeping their doors shut on Thanksgiving. The stores will have special toy experts on hand wearing red shirts, and even give shoppers maps of the store through its mobile app. This way, you can easily find the exact toy you need without wandering the aisles. Want to be even more efficient? You can buy items online and then pick them up int eh store for free. And if you're not planning on wheeling out a massive shopping cart full of stuff, there will be an express lane for customers leaving with four or fewer items. According to CNBC , the industry is already predicting which toys will be the hottest of the holiday season. One will be Hatchimals, interactive toys that hatch from a plastic egg. And of course, get ready to fight over Star Wars toys, video games, and board games. [contentlinks align=""left"" textonly=""false"" numbered=""false"" headline=""Related%20Stories"" customtitles=""Amazon's%20Black%20Friday%20Sales%20Have%20Begun%20%7CThese%20Stores%20Will%20Be%20Closed%20on%20Thanksgiving%20Day"" customimages=""|"" content=""article.41207|article.40770""] You Might Also Like",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
109171,"MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Denmark fought off a three-pronged attack to win golf's World Cup at Kingston Heath on Sunday. Soren Kjeldsen and Thorbjorn Olesen held their nerve after watching a four-shot overnight lead threatened by China, France and Sweden.
The pair combined superbly in the best-ball format for a closing six-under 66 to finish on 20-under 268, four shots clear of China (65) , France (63) and the US (66).
Simply, Kjeldsen, 41, and Olesen, 26, answered every challenge, takes turns to nail critical birdie putts every time the lead was whittled back by the chasers.
""Our mental strength is keeping calm and playing our own game. I wasn't too worried, I thought the birdies would come on the back nine and they did,"" Olesen said.
Chinese duo Ashun Wu and Haotong Li crept within one stroke early on the back nine before Kjeldsen holed a birdie putt to restore the buffer. A Victor Dubuisson birdie at the par-three 15th propelled France to just one shot back. And this time Olesen answered with a 7 foot putt, playing three holes behind the French, to ward off the leaderboard danger.
Sweden's Alex Noren and David Lingmerth playing four groups ahead, also crept within a shot after firing a brilliant 10-under 62 to eventually finish fifth at 15-under. But no-one could overhaul the Danes.
Olesen's hot putter delivered birdies at the 13th, 14th and 15th holes to restore the leaderboard buffer. Fittingly, the younger member of the team, who turns 27 in three weeks, gave himself an early birthday treat by rolling in a curling 30 feet birdie putt on the 18th green.
Kjeldsen was effusive in his praise of his younger partner. ""The psychology (of a team) is really interesting to me. When you get a guy like this, on the back nine you feel you want to die for this guy. I've never felt that before and that team thing is amazing,"" he said.
In golf terms, the Danish pair are an odd couple. Olesen loves to keep check of leaderboards around the course and Kjeldsen tries to avoid them. ""We play different games, we don't talk much and just play our shots and that's helpful,"" Olesen said.
It was Denmark's first World Cup triumph after Thomas Bjorn and Olesen finished third behind at nearby Royal Melbourne in 2013.
Sweden, who started the fourball final round nine shots back, could only ponder what might have been with a more polished foursomes effort than the tardy third round 73.
""We really played quite solid (on Saturday) and ended up bogeying a couple of the last four holes. So, one-over yesterday could have been a couple under and we would have really been in the mix. But finishing on a good note today, we're not going to dwell on the last few days. It has been a fun week,"" Lingmerth said.
Italy's Francesco Molinari and Matteo Manassero reeled off an eight-under 64, but they were just too far back to get a glimpse of the leaders.
""We gave ourselves a lot of birdie chances and it could have been a really low one. It was a low one with a good finish, so we're happy about that,"" Manassero said.
""Obviously, Francesco gave me the opportunity to play and we had a lot of fun. I think this is a great format and, obviously, you're representing your country. It's an amazing field and we had a great time.""
Host nation Australia at least gave their home galleries a sub-par salute in a polished round built on several pinpoint approach shots from Marc Leishman before Adam Scott rifled one to almost tap-in range at the par-three 15th to eventually deliver a seven-under 65 to finish on -11 and tied ninth with Ireland.
""It was nice to finally see a few putts drop and some red numbers on the leaderboard. It's unfortunate that we couldn't start that on Thursday,"" Leishman said.
Wales pair Bradley Dredge and Stuart Manley, in the first group on to the course, redeemed themselves after Saturday's horror 80 with a flawless nine-under 63.
England's Chris Wood and Andy Sullivan, who tumbled down the leaderboard after a leaky back nine on Saturday, also bounced back with a seven-under 65 and Germany's Alex Cejka and Stephan Jaeger, equal last in the 28-team competition at the halfway mark, hit back with a closing 64 to finish on -9 and tied 13th.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
304013,"Washington (AFP) - Keith Ellison, a US Muslim lawmaker and a supporter of Bernie Sanders, on Monday formally announced his bid to lead the battered Democratic Party, vowing to take it in a more liberal direction. ""I am proud to announce my candidacy for Chair of the Democratic National Committee, and if given the opportunity to serve, I will work tirelessly to make the Democratic Party an organization that brings us together and advances an agenda that improves people's lives,"" Ellison, 53, said in a statement.
Ellison, a member of the House of Representatives who hails from Minnesota, became the first Muslim elected to the US Congress in 2006.
He was one of the first supporters of Sanders, in October 2015, in the Vermont senator's ultimately unsuccessful bid against Hillary Clinton in the Democratic presidential primaries.
Clinton's loss in the November 8 election to Republican tycoon Donald Trump has left the party reeling.
Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist, was among the first to announce his support for Ellison to lead the DNC.
A number of other party heavyweights also back him, including the next Democratic leader in the Senate, Chuck Schumer of New York.
""The Democratic Party needs to look itself in the mirror and work tirelessly to become once again the party that working people know will work for their interests,"" Sanders wrote in launching a petition drive to support Ellison's bid last week.
- A party in crisis -
As Democratic President Barack Obama winds up his eight years in office, his party is in crisis.
In addition to losing the White House in last week's election, the Democrats were unable to retake control of either the Senate or the House from the Republicans and lost a number of state races.
In the battle to rebuild the party of former presidents John F. Kennedy and Bill Clinton, Ellison said, the focus needs to be populist and anchored at the grassroots level.
""We should have to make the voters first. Not the donors first,"" Ellison said in an ABC television interview Sunday.
""I love the donors and we thank them but it has to be that -- the guys in the barber shop, the lady at the diner, the folks who are worried about whether that plant is going to close.... They've got to be a laser beam focus on everything we do,"" he said. ""That's how we come back.""
Ellison would be the first Muslim and the third African American, according to the Huffington Post, to head the DNC.
He notably faces a rival in Howard Dean, former party head from 2005 to 2009 and a presidential contender in the 2004 primaries.
The DNC is currently led by interim chair Donna Brazile following the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who stepped down in July under fierce criticism of her pro-Clinton bias during the primaries.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
96195,"HAIFA, Israel (AP) — A British warship has docked in the Israeli port of Haifa at a time of heightened tensions in the eastern Mediterranean. The two countries conducted a joint naval exercise on Tuesday, and both Israel and Britain are describing the visit by the HMS Bulwark as routine.
But its arrival comes shortly after Russia's deployment of the Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov to the region off the coast of Syria.
The ship's commander, Capt. James Parkin, says the area is a ""pretty dangerous place,"" and that his troops are at a high level of preparedness.
An Israeli navy official, speaking anonymously under military guidelines, says the eastern Mediterranean has attracted a ""lot of activity"" by foreign navies.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
209136,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German Interior Ministry wants to stop migrants ever reaching Europe's Mediterranean coast by picking them up at sea and returning them to Africa, the Welt am Sonntag newspaper reported on Sunday. In what would be a huge shift for a country with one of the most generous asylum policies, the ministry says the European Union should adopt an Australian-style system under which migrants intercepted at sea are sent for processing at camps in third countries.
""The elimination of the prospect of reaching the European coast could convince migrants to avoid embarking on the life-threatening and costly journey in the first place,"" the paper quoted a ministry spokeswoman as saying.
""The goal must be to remove the basis for people-smuggling organizations and to save migrants from the life-threatening journey.""
The ministry's proposal calls for migrants picked up in the Mediterranean - most of whom set off from conflict-torn Libya - to be sent to Tunisia, Egypt or other north African states to apply for asylum from there.
If their asylum applications are accepted, the migrants could then be transported safely to Europe.
The ministry is headed by Thomas de Maiziere, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democrats. Merkel has been under fire for her open-door refugee policy, with her party losing votes to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party in recent regional elections.
The ministry said there were no concrete plans or discussions at EU-level about the proposal, but opposition politicians condemned the plan.
Bernd Riexinger, head of the opposition Left party, said it would be ""a humanitarian scandal and a further step toward elimination of the right to asylum,"" the paper reported.
He said asylum applications should be filed in Germany to ensure applicants had access to legal help and he called Australia's treatment of migrants ""absolutely unacceptable"".
More than 2,200 migrants were rescued in the Mediterranean in a single day on Saturday and 10 bodies were recovered, Italy's coast guard said.
The International Organization for Migration said last week that 159,496 people had reach Italy by sea this year and 4,220 died trying - a sharp increase from 3,777 in the whole of 2015.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
79921,"London (AFP) - A far-right extremist was Wednesday sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of release for murdering British MP Jo Cox a week before the European Union referendum in a ""politically motivated"" attack. ""Because she was a member of parliament your crime has an additional dimension that calls for particular punishment,"" judge Alan Wilkie told Thomas Mair, 53, as he issued the rare ""whole life term"" punishment.
""There is no doubt it was done to further a political motive.""
The jury at London's central criminal court convicted Mair of shooting and stabbing the mother-of-two as she arrived at a library in Birstall, northern England, to meet her constituents on June 16.
Mair showed no emotion as the sentence was read out.
The court earlier heard that Mair shouted ""Britain first"" as he fired three shots at the lawmaker and stabbed her 15 times.
Following the verdict, Cox's husband Brendan called the murder ""a political act and an act of terrorism.""
""We have no interest in the perpetrator, we only feel pity for him,"" he added. ""Jo was interested in everybody, driven not by her ego but her desire to help.""
Investigators found an extensive collection of books on German military history, the Holocaust and Nazi race theory and a statue of a bust of the eagle of Germany's Third Reich when they searched Mair's Birstall home.
Mair had also accessed the Wikipedia page of ""far right"" online publication Occidental Observer and the Twitter and Wikipedia pages for Cox.
The court heard that Mair had asked the question ""Is a .22 round deadly enough to kill with one shot to a human head?"" during one internet search.
The killing of Cox, who had defended immigration and refugee rights, shocked Britain and led to a three-day suspension in campaigning ahead of the EU referendum one week later.
Mair denied Cox's murder, possession of a firearm with intent to commit an indictable offence and possession of an offensive weapon, but was found guilty on all counts having refused to present any evidence in his defence.
Cox's parents and sister were in court.
A 77-year-old local man, Bernard Carter-Kenny, was stabbed as he attempted to stop the attack.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
231828,"NEW YORK (AP) — The brave Daedalus crew of six is traveling to Mars. Their trip will take months. But once they land, their plan isn't to grab some rocks and hurry back to Earth. They aim to make Mars home.
Such is the saga of ""Mars,"" an innovative hybrid of drama and documentary premiering Monday at 9 p.m. EST on the National Geographic channel (with the first of its six weekly hours now available for free streaming ).
The voyage takes place in 2033, but don't take this saga as futuristic pie-in-the-sky. It's worth noting that 2033 is just 17 years away and that, for many viewers, 1999 — just 17 years ago — seems pretty recent.
Besides, this sci-fi odyssey is grounded in hard facts and scientific rigor, as reflected in the unscripted documentary sections clearly labeled ""2016.""
""Getting to Mars will be risky, dangerous, uncomfortable, but it'll be the greatest adventure ever in human history,"" says SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, among many farsighted ""big thinkers"" heard from in the series who thinks there's money as well as glory to be found in Mars colonization.
But this is more than manifest destiny.
Andy Weir, whose novel ""The Martian"" inspired the 2015 film of the same name, voices an even more compelling motivation: hedging earthly bets. ""We need to go to Mars because it protects us from extinction,"" he declares.
""Mars"" has brought together a number of collaborators. Besides its scientific consultants, the series claims director Everardo Gout, Justin Wilkes as showrunner and, among his fellow executive producers, Oscar-winning Ron Howard and Brian Grazer.
How in the world did the project come together? Initially, from conversations between various parties who each proposed ""Let's do Mars,"" according to Grazer, ""though at first we didn't really know what we were doing. 'Mars' implies so much: It ignited some dream in each of us.""
""The series was a balancing act,"" says Howard. ""It had a documentary component, which is always a question mark at the beginning. Then came fully scripting and shooting the drama, which was meant to take the ideas we were learning and personalizing them. We wanted to be as cinematic and propulsive as we could be, but verisimilitude was a grounding principle and an obligation.""
""It's in the zeitgeist right now,"" says Wilkes. ""There's a lot of people thinking about Mars, and a lot of engineering and science being put into it, both on the private industry side and the public side.""
Cut to 2033.
""Some of us, if not all of us, will almost certainly die on this mission,"" Ben Sawyer, Daedalus mission commander, reminds his crew.
This may sound gloomy, but Ben Cotton, who plays Sawyer, hails astronauts as inherently upbeat.
""It was interesting to jump into that perspective,"" he says, ""because as an actor you get trained to go toward the turmoil, the darker end of things. It was cool to be in that positive space.""
""Astronauts are passionate, but they're not crazy,"" adds series consultant Mae C. Jemison, a former NASA astronaut who flew on the Space Shuttle Endeavour in 1992. ""They're dreamers and have great imaginations, but at the same time they're very practical.""
Jemison (to whom the producers paid homage by christening the Daedalus computer system the Mars Analytic Executor, or MAE) worked with producers, writers and cast to share her out-of-this-world experience. One tip: In the heat of the moment, don't get hot and bothered.
""When you're working an emergency, that's when you get CALMER,"" she advises. ""If you shout over each other you're dead, because you don't know what's going on.""
As scripted, the mission (with Moroccan desert portraying Mars' surface) is jammed with emergencies and casualties.
""But in the series we are taking an overall optimistic view that this is something that humanity can do, should do, is doing and will do,"" says Wilkes. ""It's the equivalent of the first Jamestown colony. History is repeating itself. It might not be easy and it might not be pretty, but we're not giving up.""
Wilkes reiterates a series message: Mother Earth won't support us forever.
""In terms of the long game,"" Wilkes says, ""it seems like a pretty good bet that we should try to become interplanetary. But in the process maybe we'll also find a way to get along with each other to do what we need to do on this planet.""
Cynics might say that humans, well on our way to trashing Earth, simply mean to ditch it for a new world to waste. This series begs to differ.
""It's not that we're just trying to escape our problems here,"" says Wilkes. ""We're trying to use a Mars mission as a way of fixing our interrelationships on Earth.""
Once upon a time, putting a man on the moon galvanized the nation. But when the ""space race"" was ""won,"" Americans lost interest.
Today, an entrepreneurial spirit and boundless vision could revive a worldwide appetite for space travel.
""I think popular opinion may be shifting,"" says Howard. ""I hope our show can help.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
144894,"Moscow (AFP) - Amnesty International said Wednesday Russian authorities had shut them out of their office in Moscow, with city authorities citing rent arrears. The global human rights campaign group said that the locks had been changed and the alarm system switched off in the premises, which is its only office in Russia.
Amnesty International regularly criticises Russian authorities for overly harsh treatment of prisoners and urges the release of those jailed in cases it views as politically motivated.
""Staff found the office was sealed around 10 am (0700 GMT). The organisation had not received any warning and the premises was sealed in their absence,"" the rights group wrote on its website.
Amnesty regularly criticises Russian authorities for overly harsh treatment of prisoners and urges the release of those jailed in cases it views as politically motivated.
Most recently on Tuesday it called on the authorities to ""end the pattern of impunity for torture and other ill treatment"" after Russian activist Ildar Dadin, jailed for solo anti-Kremlin protests in Moscow, said he had been beaten and threatened in jail.
John Dalhuisen, the group's Europe director, said in a statement: ""We do not know what prompted Moscow authorities to prevent our staff from accessing our offices -- an unwelcome surprise for which we received no prior warning.""
He added that ""given the current climate for civil society work in Russia, there are clearly any number of plausible explanations"".
But he said he was hopeful that there was a ""simple administrative explanation"".
Moscow's municipal property department said in a statement Quote: d by RIA Novosti state news agency that Amnesty had been informed of ""significant violations over rent payment"" and had been given a month to pay up or have its rent agreement torn up but had ignored the demand.
The head of the Russian branch of Amnesty, Sergei Nikitin, told RIA Novosti the group had been renting the premises for 20 years and had paid for the current month.
The note left by the authorities said that the office was the property of the Russian state, as is the case with many buildings in Moscow.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told journalists he did not know anything about the closure of the office.
Amnesty has previously come under pressure from the Russian authorities.
In 2013, prosecutors searched its Moscow office and questioned Nikitin as part of a crackdown on non-governmental organisations that take an independent position from the authorities.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
307244,"UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United States says it was one of three countries to vote against a U.N. resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism over freedom of speech issues and concerns that Russia was using it to carry out political attacks against its neighbors. The resolution entitled ""Combating glorification of Nazism, Neo-Nazism and other practices that contribute to fueling contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance,"" was approved by the U.N.'s human rights committee on Friday with 131 in favor, 3 against with 48 abstentions. Ukraine and Palau were the other no votes.
""Due to this resolution's overly narrow scope and politicized nature, and because it calls for unacceptable limits on the fundamental freedom of expression the United States cannot support it,"" the U.S. mission said in a statement.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
83313,"SANAA (Reuters) - Twelve Yemeni civilians were killed by a Saudi-led air strike while riding in a pickup truck in the country's northwest early on Wednesday, residents said. Locals said the passengers were shoppers heading to a local market in the Hiran area of northwest Hajja province, which is controlled by the Iran-aligned Houthi movement.
A Saudi-led coalition has been fighting Yemen's Houthis since March 2015 to restore the internationally recognized president, Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, who lives in exile in Saudi Arabia.
A spokesman for the coalition did not immediately respond to requests for comment. But the coalition says it does not target civilians.
Thousands of air strikes have largely failed to dislodge the Houthis from the capital, Sanaa, but have hit schools, markets, hospitals and homes, killing many civilians.
Rights groups say they may amount to war crimes, but the coalition has argued that the Houthi fighters infiltrate and endanger civilian areas.
At least 10,000 people have been killed in the 20-month conflict which has unleashed a humanitarian crisis on one of the Arab world's poorest countries.
(Reporting By Mohammed Ghobari; Writing by Noah Browning)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
288438,"On Dec. 21, the sci-fi adventure and love story Passengers will be hitting theaters featuring two of the biggest stars in the world: Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence. The duo will play future long-distance space travelers who are awoken years too early from suspended animation and have to puzzle through exactly what’s going wrong with their ship. Click through to see all the new photos.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
148836,"SRINAGAR, India (AP) — Police say rebels fighting against Indian rule in the volatile Himalayan region of Kashmir have launched an attack on an Indian army base, triggering a fierce gunbattle. Police said Tuesday that at least two militants fired indiscriminately and tried to enter the camp in Nagrota town on a major highway.
Initial reports said at least two Indian soldiers were wounded in the attack. There were no other details immediately available.
India and Pakistan each administer a portion of Kashmir, but both claim the territory in its entirety.
Rebel groups have been fighting since 1989 for either independence or a merger with Pakistan. Since then, more than 68,000 people have been killed in the armed uprising and ensuing Indian military crackdown.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
305808,"* New loans 651.3 bln yuan (f'cast 700 bln yuan, Sept 1.22 trln) * Jan-Oct new bank loans hit record high, mortgage lending strong
* Policymakers worry too much credit may fuel asset bubbles
* M2 money supply +11.6 pct y/y, vs f'cast +11.4 pct
* Oct TSF at 896.3 bln yuan, vs 1.72 trln yuan in Sept (Adds analyst comment)
By Kevin Yao
BEIJING, Nov 11 (Reuters) - Chinese banks extended 651.3 billion yuan ($95.56 billion) in net new yuan loans in October, below expectations and falling sharply from September, as policymakers pledged to prevent asset bubbles in the increasingly debt-fueled economy.
The People's Bank of China has been keeping policy accommodative to spur growth - as evident by record bank lending so far this year - but it faces an uphill battle to divert money from the red-hot property market into the weak real economy.
""Credit growth slowed down as mortgage lending weakened, after the introduction of a series of real estate controlling polices,"" analysts at Haitong Securities said in a note.
""Corporate financing needs remain weak. There are risks that credit may continue to shrink in the future.""
Analysts polled by Reuters had expected new lending to have fallen back to 700 billion yuan from September's three-month high of 1.22 trillion yuan.
New bank loans totalled 10.8 trillion yuan in the first 10 months of the year - an all-time high, according to Reuters calculations based on central bank data.
Lending has been driven heavily by robust mortgage growth as the housing market booms, with banks increasing their exposure to the sector to offset a surge in non-performing loans in more sluggish parts of the economy.
New household loans, mostly mortgages, fell to 433.1 billion yuan in October from 637 billion yuan in September, central bank data showed, suggesting demand for mortgages is cooling after a spate of steps by local governments to restrict home purchases to cool soaring prices.
The ratio of new household loans to total new loans rose to 66.5 percent from 52 percent in September, the data showed.
Highlighting underlying weakness in the broader economy, new medium- to long-term corporate loans fell sharply to 72.8 billion yuan from 446.6 billion yuan in September.
The central bank said this week that it will maintain ample liquidity in the economy while taking steps to prevent asset bubbles, adding that the balance between stabilising growth and preventing bubbles has become more challenging.
NO BASIS FOR TIGHTENING
China's total social financing (TSF), a broad measure of credit and liquidity in the economy, fell sharply to 896.3 billion yuan in October from 1.72 trillion yuan in September.
TSF includes off-balance sheet forms of financing that exist outside the conventional bank lending system, such as initial public offers, loans from trust companies and bond sales.
But broad M2 money supply (M2) grew 11.6 percent from a year earlier, the strongest in four months and slightly above forecasts of 11.4 percent.
""Liquidity in the interbank market has tightened some, but looking at M2 growth it is not that low, so I think overall policy is neutral. We can't say there's been tightening,"" said Ma Xiaoping, HSBC economist in Beijing.
""There is still not a basis for tightening, as the real economy is still weak. It is too early for tightening.""
China's economy expanded at a steady 6.7 percent in the third quarter and looks set to hit Beijing's full-year target, spurred by stronger government spending and the property frenzy that are adding to its growing pile of debt.
China's overall debt has jumped to more than 250 percent of GDP from 150 percent at the end of 2006, the kind of surge that in other countries has resulted in a financial bust or sharp economic slowdown, analysts say.
M1 money supply, which includes cash and short-term deposits, rose 23.9 percent in October on-year versus September's 24.7 percent rise.
A widening gap between M1 and M2 growth has fuelled concerns about a ""liquidity trap"" in the economy where companies remain wary of investing regardless of how much stimulus policymakers pump into the system.
The gap narrowed to 12.3 percentage points in October from 13.2 percentage points in September.
(Additional reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk and Elias Glenn; Editing by Kim Coghill and Jacqueline Wong)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
279312,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain built the largest number of new homes since the global financial crisis during the year to the end of March, annual figures showed on Tuesday, as the economy picked up and the government took steps to tackle Britain's housing shortage. A net 189,650 new homes were created in the 12 months to March 2016, up 11 percent from the same period in a year earlier and the highest since 223,530 extra dwellings were created in the 12 months to the end of March 2008.
The official figures show the bulk of new housing came from the construction of 163,940 new homes, but a record 30,600 dwellings were converted from existing buildings such as office space following a relaxation of strict planning rules.
The Federation of Master Builders, an industry body that represents smaller housebuilders, said construction levels still fell short of a government target for the industry to build a million new homes between 2015 and 2020.
""The current figures also show a strong reliance on the conversion of existing buildings to residential use, which is a trend that can't be sustained indefinitely,"" the Federation's chief executive, Brian Berry, said.
British builder Crest Nicholson reported earlier on Tuesday that demand for new homes had recovered from weakness following Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
After a brief blip in the wake of the June 23 referendum, demand for new homes has remained strong, supported by government schemes to encourage housebuilding and help first-time buyers onto the property ladder.
In a statement alongside the figures, the government said a new law going through parliament would speed up planning approvals. Last month it said that in almost half of England, median house prices were 10 times median local incomes.
British finance minister Philip Hammond is expected to announce further measures to speed up the construction of new homes when he delivers his first budget statement on Nov. 23.
(Reporting by David Milliken; Editing by William Schomberg)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
282504,"ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — A gunman repeatedly shot an Alaska police officer in an ambush early Saturday morning as the officer lay on the ground near his police cruiser, Anchorage police said. The officer was expected to survive and was undergoing emergency surgery, department spokeswoman Jennifer Castro said.
The wounded officer and another officer who responded exchanged gunfire with the man, who was killed.
The shooting happened before 5 a.m. in downtown Anchorage as the officer was responding to reports of a theft suspect in the area on foot.
""The officer was pulling his patrol vehicle over and a man brandished a gun and started firing at the officer,"" Castro says in an email to The Associated Press.
Additional officers arrived and provided first aid to both the officer and the suspect, who was declared dead, Castro said. Police haven't released the shooter's name.
Per department policy, the names of the two officers who fired their weapons will not be released for three days. Both the department and the state will conduct reviews to determine if the use of force was within department guidelines and justified.
Castro says the department will hold a news conference later Saturday morning to provide updates.
It's the second shooting involving Alaska officers in the past month.
Sgt. Allen Brandt, an 11-year veteran of the Fairbanks Police Department, was shot Oct. 16. He died Oct. 28 in Anchorage of complications during surgery.
Brandt was attacked as he responded to calls of a shooting in a neighborhood east of downtown Fairbanks. Video from his dashboard camera showed his car slowing to a stop as Anthony Jenkins-Alexie, 29, approached on foot on the sidewalk.
The video showed Jenkins-Alexie, armed with a handgun, dashing in front of the car. Prosecutors say Jenkins-Alexie shot Brandt as Brandt tried to take cover behind his patrol car. He was hit six times. Jenkins-Alexie is charged with first- and second-degree murder and other counts.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
89310,"Chaos unfolded during Black Friday sales at a Nike Factory Store in the Seattle area. An estimated 20,000 shoppers inundated the sportswear giant’s outpost at Seattle Premium Outlets in Tulalip, Wash. — scattering so much merchandise from shelves that it was hard to see the floor and even harder to navigate the aisles.
Instagram Photo More “It’s like a zombie apocalypse. I feel bad for the people who need to clean this up. #BlackFriday #NikeOutletStore,” a stunned observer shared on Instagram, attaching a photo of what unfolded.
Another shopper who couldn’t believe his eyes compared the madness to a natural disaster. “I thought there was an earthquake that happened,” a Seattle resident told BuzzFeed News, adding that employees were “overwhelmed.” An anonymous Nike staff member said that around 20,000 bargain-seekers entered the store between 8 p.m. on Thursday and 10 p.m. Friday, BuzzFeed reported.
Videos and photos shared on social media show hundreds of orange Nike and black Brand Jordan boxes that were strewn across the floor, as well as the sneakers that were contained in them, and cardboard and other packaging scraps.
Incredibly, many shoppers remained undaunted — opting to step on-and-over boxes and sneakers. Some were seen struggling to find their balance and footing amid the ruble.
Instagram Photo More It must have been quite the doorbuster.
“People [were] not putting anything back in the right place at all the whole time we were open,” the employee told BuzzFeed, adding that it was “Jurassic Park crazy.”
I hate people. pic.twitter.com/bPfFwqFbn4
— Iram (@IramFlorCamacho) November 25, 2016
Related stories
9 Limited-Edition Shoes Worth Buying This Holiday Season
How Bella Hadid and More Victoria's Secret Models Are Working Out
Puma's Releasing Sneakers Inspired by Walt 'Clyde' Frazier's Extravagant Style
Get more from FootwearNews.com : Follow us on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
36694,"It’s not saying much about an awards show when a Drake commercial and a Selena Gomez acceptance speech are the highlights of the night. In the opening of Sunday’s American Music Awards, supermodel co-host Gigi Hadid quipped, “Don’t worry, guys — tonight we don’t have to worry about the Electoral College.” But this show’s fan-elected awards didn’t make a great case for the popular vote, either. Some of the show’s best and worst moments…
HIGH: Selena Gomez’s speech
“Keeping it real” has never been the hallmark of this puffy-and-proud show, so Gomez jolted everyone to attention with an emotional acceptance speech that started by marking the anniversary of her public candor: “In 2014, this stage was actually the first time that I was authentically 100 percent honest with all of you. I think it’s safe to say that most of you know a lot of my life, whether I liked it or not. And I had to stop. Because I had everything and I was absolutely broken inside. And I kept it all together enough to where I would never let you down, but I kept it too much together to where I let myself down.
“I don’t want to see your bodies on Instagram,” she continued. “I want to see what’s in [your heart]. I’m not trying to get validation, nor do I need it anymore. All I can say from the bottom of my heart is I am so grateful that I have the opportunity to be able to share what I love every single day with people that I love. And I have to say thank you so much to my fans, because you guys are so damn loyal, and I don’t know what I did to deserve you. But if you are broken, you do not have to stay broken. And if that’s anything, whether you respect me or not, that’s one thing you should know about me, I care about people. And this is for you, thank you.”
Selena Gomez accepts the Favorite Pop/Rock Female Artist award onstage during the 2016 American Music Awards at Microsoft Theater on November 20, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images) More Cynics might see the speech as self-aggrandizing, but for a minute and a half, at least, we could be sure we were seeing a human being onstage, and it was a welcome sight. Lady Gaga, beaming in the audience, seemed to approve the most.
LOW: Hosts Jay Pharoah and Gigi Hadid
Ahead of time, plenty of viewers were asking, “Why?” when it came to this particular couple as hosts. And no answer was forthcoming. Pharoah’s main calling card for the gig continues to be his Jay Z and Kanye impressions, but both of those inevitable bits were practically thrown away as afterthoughts, leaving little else for him to do except say, “Yeah, yeah, yeah!” Hadid’s Melania Trump impression was actually better than the Twitter universe gave it credit for — it takes one to know one — but she gave little reason to suspect little reason to think she’ll be back next year. Unless it’s possible that literally no one else wants the gig?
HIGH: Bruno Mars’s opening salute to Adidas
“24K Magic” wasn’t “Uptown Funk,” but if you love the ‘80s, either for its synths or sneakers, this was a reminder of a better time than the year that was about to be undeservedly celebrated.
HIGH: Lady Gaga, country-fied
Gaga continued her “hey, I’m organic now” tour of televised America, and while “Million Reasons” is probably not destined to be most of her fans’ favorite song, it did make for the show’s one token country music segment. On top of her shockingly non-shocking, nearly Middle American (albeit Middle-American-in-leather) look, the producers found a way to transplant an entire prairie onto the stage, which deserves some plaudits in itself. All that was missing was actual groundhogs.
LOW: The Chainsmokers
Has any act as personal-charisma-challenged as the Chainsmokers ever had the song of the year before? For better or worse, this time, there was no icky PDA between Drew Taggard and Halsey, as there was three months ago on the MTV Video Music Awards. In fact, the two seemed to have given a “pretend you two have no chemistry at all” direction. Without the memorable display of underboob that Halsey gave the world at the VMAs, there was nothing to remember about this “Closer” at all.
Read More Drew Taggart (R), of the Chainsmokers, and Halsey perform onstage at the 2016 American Music Awards at Microsoft Theater on November 20, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/AMA2016/WireImage) More HIGH: Sting gets political without getting political
He’s crafty, this one. While some other folks (like Green Day; more on them later) threw blatant shade at the incoming president, Sting used his lifetime award acceptance speech to basically sub-tweet about Trump, repeatedly describing himself as a proud “immigrant” and saying “the spirit of welcome and inclusion… is what made this country the greatest country in the world.” Oh, and he performed, and well. We did cock our heads, though, at Robert Downey Jr.’s odd introduction, which described the Sting-meister as “one of the most talented and giving humans ever to walk the earth” and comparing his catalog to a classroom, promising, “Later in the semester you will likely learn to care about the fate of mankind.”
LOW: Niall Horan, One Directioner-gone-folkie
“Substituting tonight in the role of Ed Sheeran is….”
Niall Horan performs onstage during the 2016 American Music Awards at Microsoft Theater on November 20, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images) More HIGH: Drake’s commercial
The bad news: This year’s AMAs flogged a “premiere” that turned out to be an Apple Music commercial unapologetically integrated right into the body of the show. The good news: At least it was a highlight of the show. The bad news: It was a highlight of the show. Let’s be honest: However crass this breakdown of the line between content and advertising might have been, it was a kick seeing Drake grunt out “Bad Blood” while lifting weights… but not as big a kick as it would’ve been seeing the 13-time nominee actually perform live, something you know the producers must have begged for.
HIGH: Green Day’s rock revival
After a lot of years in which there wasn’t a single rock band on either the AMAs or the VMAs, this show had three — count ‘em! three! — rock acts on the telecast. Foremost among them was Green Day, who actually found a way to channel the politics the hosts swore we wouldn’t be getting into a song, chanting, “No Trump! No KKK! No fascist USA!” But more than that, here was a band getting back to its roots with a blast of energy that seemed to take it for go-for-broke granted that their radio smash days are behind them and they can just punk it up again.
LOW: Justin Bieber phones it in, literally and figuratively
Not very live, in any way, from Switzerland.
LOW: DJ Khaled shouts, and shouts, and shouts
DJ Khaled bragged about having the #1 song in the country, which puzzled a lot of viewers who looked up — and posted to social media — that “Do You Mind” currently sits at #39 on the Billboard Hot 100. But that bragging wasn’t as big a sin as his constantly outshouting the three guests he had onstage… which maybe isn’t that hard when his mic is live and some of the others are clearly lip-synching. OK, one more sin: leaving Nicki Minaj stranded onstage for minutes at a time with nothing to do.
(L-R) Rick Ross, Future, Nicki Minaj, August Alsina and DJ Khaled perform onstage during the 2016 American Music Awards at Microsoft Theater on November 20, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images) More LOW: twenty one pilots’ SNL rerun
Not that many weeks ago, the duo did a galvanizing rendition of their Suicide Squad song on Saturday Night Live with a strong string section backing. How to outdo that recent memory? With, uh, green footlights and smoke blasts. Hard to tell whether to blame the act or the production designers for the lack of imagination, but “We’ve seen this before, only better” is not the feeling you want to leave millions of viewers with. They also wore full face masks, and while we know that’s part of their live show, between that and the Weeknd performing from a tunnel that resembled Superman’s ice cave, we had to wonder if some of the better acts at the AMAs wanted to establish some sort of plausible deniability that they were even on the show.
Josh Dun (L) and Tyler Joseph of Twenty One Pilots perform onstage during the 2016 American Music Awards at Microsoft Theater on November 20, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images) More",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
285642,"ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkey's Interior Ministry has halted the operations of 370 civic associations on terrorism-related charges, with police raiding several offices and detaining members. Some of the raids Friday met resistance, leading to detentions.
Nergis Aslan, the general secretary of the Progressive Lawyers' Association, told The Associated Press that the Turkish government gave no explanation for the decision to shut down his group. She says ""there is serious suppression against any form of organization, association or any sort of opposition group.""
Turkey has come under intense criticism from allies and opposition groups over its crackdown on dissenting voices during the state of emergency declared after July's failed coup.
Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus defended the closures, saying Turkey has to take measures against multiple terror threats.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
270267,"‘Beauty and the Beast’ First Trailer Reveals Emma Watson, Live-Action Lumiere (Video) Thom Geier Pin it Share Ewan McGregor’s Lumiere lights up the first full trailer for “Beauty and the Beast,” Disney’s long-awaited live-action version of the classic animated movie. Emma Watson also appears as Belle, with “Downton Abbey” alum Dan Stevens tricked out as the Beast to re-enact the famous dance, with Belle in a familiar bright yellow ball gown. There’s no actual singing in the new trailer, though we do hear the title song playing beneath the action. Also Read: Emma Watson Meets 'Wonderful' New Hermione From 'Harry Potter' Play (Photo) Director Bill Condon’s remake follows Belle (Watson) as she sacrifices herself to save her father by going to live at the home of the Beast ( Stevens ). But over time she learns that he was once a dashing prince, cursed to look like a monster and that only true love can break the spell. Disney has kept the final looks of Belle and the Beast under wraps, previously teasing supporting characters like Cogsworth (Ian McKellen) and Lumiere (McGregor), as well as Luke Evans as Gaston. The film also stars Kevin Kline Maurice, Josh Gad Le Fou, Stanley Tucci as Cadenza and Emma Thompson as Mrs. Potts. Jeffrey Silver, Thomas Schumacher, and Don Hahn serve as executive producers with David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman producing. “Beauty and the Beast” is due in theaters on March 17, 2017. Related stories from TheWrap:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
173755,"Washington (AFP) - At least six people were killed and 10 injured when a school bus carrying no children collided with a commuter bus Tuesday, in a catastrophic pre-dawn accident in the US city of Baltimore, police said. The yellow school bus crashed into a car before careening head-on into the side of the city bus, which was carrying morning commuters.
""This was a major incident, some seasoned individuals in my organization said they haven't seen this type of wreck in their career,"" Baltimore Fire Department Chief Niles Ford told a press conference.
Images and video from the scene showed the school bus's front end crumpled and lodged in the commuter bus's flank, which it ripped open.
The accident killed the school bus driver and five more people on the city bus, said Baltimore Police media relations officer TJ Smith, who declined to give further details on the individuals.
An additional 10 people were taken to area hospitals for injures which ranged ""from minor to critical,"" Smith said.
Those injured included eight people on the city bus, plus an aide who had been the only passenger on the school bus. In addition, one person from the initial car crash was injured.
Police said the bus hit the car, a Ford Mustang, in the rear before striking a pillar at a nearby cemetery and then careening into oncoming traffic, hitting the commuter bus.
The medical examiner will determine whether a health emergency led to the accident, and the aide would be interviewed for pertinent information, Smith said.
""There aren't any skid marks. So something catastrophic took place and it's something we're continuing to investigate,"" he added.
The bus had been en route to pick up a student about four or five blocks away, he said.
""It literally looks like a bomb exploded in the bus and it's catastrophic damage,"" Smith said.
Additional assistance, including from investigators in the city's homicide unit, have been brought in, Smith said, emphasizing that no criminal investigation was under way.
Local media said the accident occurred at approximately 6:30 am (1030 GMT) in the eastern city located some 40 miles (25 kilometers) north of Washington.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
297560,"We just realized that Miley Cyrus’ little sister is basically her twin Jill Layton The Cyrus genes are strong! Miley Cyrus’ little sister Noah Cyrus released her debut single “Make Me (Cry),” and we’re kind of obsessed . But not as obsessed as we are with the undeniable similarities between the two sisters. Not only is Noah following in her sister’s footsteps with her music career , they also look IDENTICAL. Miley, being the super supportive big sister she is, posted to Instagram today promoting Noah’s new single. She included a picture of the two of them on FaceTime, and HOLY GENETICS they look like twins. “My baby sis has a new single out called #MakeMeCry Get it on iTunes or stream on Spotify,” Miley captioned the photo. Seriously, it’s kind of trippy how similar they look. Check out this photo of Miley in more or less the same position as Noah. Twins, you guys. The sisters aren’t actually twins, of course. Miley is 23 years old and Noah is 16. But like, woah. Their voices even sound similar. Take a listen to Noah’s new single: Noah seems to be just as excited as her big sis about her new single, as she should be. “So happy to finally share this. my new song #MakeMeCry feat. @labrinth is out now!!! link in my bio,” Noah wrote on Instagram. You can support Noah (*cough* Miley’s twin *cough*) by downloading the song here .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
50813,"Yahoo Celebrity Video • November 17, 2016 On a British talk show, Loose Women , Priscilla Presley gave some revealing insights into her marriage with the king of rock ‘n’ roll, the one and only Elvis Presley . She opened up about not having a normal life in her teenage years. The pair met in 1959, when Priscilla was only 14, and married after eight years of dating. Although everyone thought it was a happy marriage, she confessed that she often felt lonely. She said, “I was with his friends, and I was with the wives of friends. They were pretty much chosen for me.” The 71-year-old actress went on to disclose that she didn’t really have any freedom to choose what she would look like in public. “Some can’t have the truth. I always had a little bit of makeup. He never wanted to see me getting dressed; he wanted to see the end result,” she said. Eventually, Priscilla felt the need to reclaim her life and ended the marriage in 1973. The two remained close, and she admitted that Elvis was the love her life. For more of today’s headlines, check out Yahoo Celebrity Morning Buzz, in the video below: ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
192378,"Diyarbakir (Turkey) (AFP) - Turkey on Friday jailed the two co-leaders of the country's main pro-Kurdish party and several other MPs, in an unprecedented crackdown as a deadly bombing killed nine in the Kurdish-dominated southeast. A court in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir remanded in custody ahead of trial Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) co-leaders Selahattin Demirtas and Figen Yuksekdag after they were detained along with 10 of its MPs, the state-run Anadolu news agency said.
The United States and European Union both raised alarm over the arrests, which marked a new escalation of the clampdown under the state of emergency imposed in the wake of the July 15 coup.
Hours earlier, a blast blamed on the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) struck outside a police station nearby in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey's main majority-Kurdish city.
Eight people were killed, including two police, and over 100 wounded, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announced, saying the PKK had again showed its ""ugly face"". Anadolu said another civilian later died of their wounds.
With tensions again escalating in Turkey nearly four months after July's failed coup, authorities slapped restrictions on social media including messaging services like WhatsApp.
Yildirim confirmed the move, saying such measures were imposed from ""time to time"" as a precaution and would be lifted once the danger had passed.
The turbulence also battered the Turkish lira, which fell to a new historic low against the dollar of 3.17, a loss of almost 2 percent in value, as investors took fright at looming instability.
Police in Ankara used pepper spray to forcefully disperse a demonstration against the arrests, an AFP photographer said.
- 'Cannot stay silent' -
The arrest of the HDP leaders marks a new stage in the crackdown on leading pro-Kurdish politicians as President Recep Tayyip Erdogan seeks to destroy the PKK.
Demirtas has been charged with ""membership of an armed group"" -- a reference to the PKK -- while Yuksekdag is charged with making ""terror propaganda"" for the group, Anadolu said.
The HDP said in a statement that the goal of the measures was to shut down the party, but it vowed not to surrender to these ""dictatorial policies"".
""It means the end of democracy in Turkey,"" the party said.
EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Twitter she was ""extremely worried"" over the detentions and would call a meeting of EU ambassadors in Ankara.
US Assistant Secretary of State Tom Malinowski said on Twitter Washington was ""deeply troubled that government of Turkey has detained HDP leaders and other MPs while blocking Internet access"".
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier summoned Turkey's envoy to the foreign ministry in Berlin, a ministry source said, adding Germany ""could not remain silent.""
Demirtas was detained at his home in Diyarbakir in the early hours while Yuksekdag was detained in Ankara. Yuksekdag was then brought to Diyarbakir, where the investigation is centred.
The pair had been targeted by several separate probes over the last months but this is the first time that either has been detained.
A total of 12 HDP MPs were rounded up overnight.
As well as Demirtas and Yuksekdag, the head of the HDP's parliamentary faction Idris Baluken and MPs Leyla Birlik, Nursel Aydogan and Gulser Yildirim were also placed under arrest by the courts.
However lawmakers Ziya Pir, Imam Tascier and Sirri Sureyya Onder were allowed to go free under judicial control -- the Turkish equivalent of bail.
- 'Further despotism' -
The raids come as Turkey remains under a state of emergency imposed in the wake of the failed coup, which critics say has gone well beyond targeting the actual coup plotters.
Thirteen staff from the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper, including the editor-in-chief, were detained on Monday, further heightening strains in Turkish society. The two co-mayors of Diyarbakir were also detained last month.
Tensions have surged in the Kurdish-dominated southeast since a fragile ceasefire declared by the PKK collapsed in 2015, leading to a resumption of deadly attacks on the security forces.
The HDP, the third largest party in parliament, seeks to promote the cause of Turkey's Kurdish minority and defend the rights of Kurds as well as those of women, gays and workers.
The charisma in particular of Demirtas -- dubbed the ""Kurdish Obama"" by some admirers after the US president -- earned the party success at the ballot box but also made him an arch rival of Erdogan.
The HDP warned in its statement that Erdogan planned ""to steer the country into a civil war and further despotism.""
Authorities accuse the party of being a PKK front and failing to distance itself from terror, claims it has always vehemently denied.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
72874,"VISAKHAPATNAM, India (AP) — India beat England by 246 runs in the second cricket test on Monday to lead the five-match series 1-0: ____
India, 1st Innings 455 (Virat Kohli 167, Cheteshwar Pujara 119; James Anderson 3-62, Moeen Ali 3-98).
England, 1st Innings 255 (Ben Stokes 70, Joe Root 53, Jonny Bairstow 53; Ravichandran Ashwin 5-67)
India, 2nd innings 204 (Virat Kohli 81; Stuart Broad 4-33, Adil Rashid 4-82)
England, 2nd Innings 158 (Jonny Bairstow 34 not out; Jayant Yadav 3-30, Ravichandran Ashwin 3-52)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
100523,"WPVI – Philadelphia November 25, 2016 A California mother of two who vanished nearly a month ago was found safe and in stable condition, Shasta County sheriff's officials reported Thursday without disclosing further details about what happened to her. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
69016,"MILAN (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker hopes Italians will not reject reforms sponsored by Prime Minister Matteo Renzi when they vote in a referendum over changing the country's constitution, he told a newspaper on Sunday. Despite Renzi's frequent attacks on the European Commission, Juncker told La Stampa that the Italian Prime Minister was carrying out the right reforms and added that the country's budget for next year was complying with EU rules.
""I don't know whether I would be useful to Renzi saying I would like to see 'Yes' win, I just say I would not like to see 'No' prevailing (in the referendum),"" Juncker said.
""Italy is a great nation and Renzi has contributed to this, we have to admit this,"" he added.
Juncker's endorsement of Renzi's constitutional reform comes just a week before a Dec. 4 national referendum.
Italy's Prime Minister has promised to resign if he loses the ballot over his proposal to reduce the role of the Senate and transfer powers to central government from the regions.
Opinion polls conducted until a blackout period began last week showed the 'No' vote comfortably in the lead, prompting volatility in equity and government bond markets as investors fret about the political instability that could follow.
Renzi has attacked the Commission several times, saying it is run by bureaucrats, and he has asked for funds and support in dealing with an increasing flow of migrants arriving in the country from the Mediterranean.
Juncker said in the interview that the Commission would work to convince all European countries to share the burden with Rome.
""Italy is an essential part of Europe, should we lose it as Europe's architect, inspirer and artisan, it would not be the same,"" he said.
The 'No' camp supporters include the eurosceptic 5-Star Movement and the Northern League, other right-wing parties and some dissenters within Renzi's center-left Democratic Party.
(Reporting by Francesca Landini; Editing by Andrew Bolton)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
54811,"Washington (AFP) - Donald Trump has tweeted that Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage ""would do a great job"" as British ambassador to the US, in the latest unorthodox intervention from the president-elect. The decision on who is appointed to represent the United Kingdom in Washington is a matter for the British government, but that did not stop the controversial property-mogul-turned-world-leader from weighing in on social media.
""Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States,"" Trump said on his Twitter account. ""He would do a great job!""
Farage, interim leader of the nationalist UK Independence Party which campaigned for Britain to leave the European Union, met recently with the president-elect at Trump Tower in New York.
""It was a great honour to spend time with @realDonaldTrump,"" Farage tweeted at the time, posting a photo of the pair standing before a gilded doorway. ""He was relaxed and full of good ideas. I'm confident he will be a good President.""
During the divisive US presidential campaign, Trump repeatedly compared his presidential bid to the Brexit referendum in which a majority of Britons voted to split from the EU.
Trump's call on Twitter is unusual -- ambassadors are appointed by the governments they represent, not by the administration of the country in which they serve.
Britain is keen to build bridges with Trump after many leading government figures criticized the president-elect during his successful election campaign.
London is also interested in sounding out a US trade deal as it plots its departure from the European Union.
Queen Elizabeth II could host Trump within months of him becoming United States president, with the British government confirming Monday that it was considering a state visit next year.
Royal officials said that the government was responsible for organizing state visits, and a spokeswoman for Prime Minister Theresa May said that the proposal was ""under consideration"".
Trump told May that he was a ""big fan of the Queen"" when the pair spoke by telephone following his victory, and is also reported to have told Farage that his late mother Mary would be ""chuffed to bits when I meet the Queen"".
Britain will not issue an invitation to a president-elect, but is expected to make its move shortly after Trump's inauguration on January 20.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
118757,"CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — Making their final pitches to jurors, attorneys sparred in court Tuesday over whether the writer of a botched Rolling Stone article about a brutal gang rape at the University of Virginia was the victim of an elaborate ruse or an agenda-driven reporter with little regard for the facts. After hearing more than two weeks' worth of evidence, jurors are expected to begin deliberating Wednesday to decide whether Rolling Stone and author Sabrina Rubin Erdely defamed university administrator Nicole Eramo in their 2014 story about the alleged sexual assault of the woman identified only as ""Jackie.""
Eramo claims she was unfairly portrayed as trying to sweep Jackie's sexual assault under the rug to protect the university and is seeking $7.5 million from the magazine.
An attorney for Eramo argued that Erdely set out from the beginning to tell a story of ""institutional indifference,"" ignored from her sources that didn't fit that preconceived narrative and pushed her own views about the administration onto the vulnerable women she was interviewing.
""Once they decided what the article was going to be about, it didn't matter what the facts were,"" attorney Tom Clare said.
The story about Jackie's rape set off a firestorm at the University of Virginia and in schools nationwide and prompted police to launch an investigation into the alleged assault. Eramo received hundreds of angry letters and emails and faced protesters outside her office. The story crumbled after other news outlets began asking questions and police found no evidence to back up Jackie's claims. The article was officially retracted in April 2015.
There are only three statements about Eramo in the article in question, including one in which she is quoted — through Jackie — as saying that the university doesn't publish all of its statistics about sexual assault because ""nobody wants to send their daughter to the rape school."" Eramo also claims that Erdely defamed her in statements she made on a radio program and podcast after the article was published.
The judge has dismissed Eramo's claim that the story, when taken as a whole, implied that Eramo was a ""false friend"" to Jackie — a claim that Rolling Stone called a ""critical element"" of her case.
Eramo must prove that Rolling Stone statements about her made her appear ""odious, infamous or ridiculous"" and that the magazine acted with ""actual malice,"" meaning it knew that what it was writing about her was false or entertained serious doubts as to whether it might be true.
Scott Sexton, an attorney for Rolling Stone, said that Erdely and Rolling Stone editors have proven repeatedly that they never had any doubts about Jackie's story before it was published. Sexton urged jurors to put themselves in Erdely's shoes at the time of her reporting and questioned why it would be unreasonable for the writer to believe Jackie when the university itself had taken the woman's gang rape claim seriously.
""Everyone who encountered this young woman believed her,"" Sexton said. ""Yet we are the ones, in a sense, being tried for having believed her.""
Rolling Stone has agreed to pay all of Erdely's legal costs and any penalties that may be levied against her.
Over the course of the more than two-week trial, the 10 jurors have watched 11 hours of video testimony, heard from a dozen live witnesses and have examined nearly 300 exhibits. Jurors will first decide whether the statements in the article defamed Eramo before they consider monetary damages. Attorneys had initially said that seven jurors will deliberate and three will serve as alternates, but Libby Locke, an attorney for Eramo, said Tuesday that all 10 jurors are expected to deliberate Wednesday.
____
Follow Alanna Durkin Richer on Twitter at twitter.com/aedurkinricher. Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/alanna-durkin-richer",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
207021,The bloggers serving up your weekly dose of #OOTD inspiration. Reblog,www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
175477,"Seoul (AFP) - Among the many challenges facing the next occupant of the White House, few will be more pressing, or more complex, than that posed by North Korea's seemingly inexorable drive to nuclear statehood. As adamant as Washington is about never accepting the North as a nuclear weapons state, the ground reality is of a country rapidly closing in on its strategic goal of possessing a direct and credible nuclear strike threat against the US mainland.
Pyongyang's weapons programme has accelerated sharply in this US election year, with two nuclear tests and around 25 missile tests in defiance of multiple UN resolutions and sanctions.
""Every single day that goes by, North Korea becomes a more and more acute threat,"" US Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken said in Seoul last week.
Whatever the outgoing administration's policy was with regard to curbing the North's nuclear ambitions, it has clearly failed.
The question for the incoming administration, whether headed by Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, is why it failed and, more urgently, what to do about it.
The one thing the new president will not lack is vocal advice from any number of think-tanks, policy wonks, former diplomats and retired generals who believe they have the solution.
The last few months have witnessed an avalanche of op-eds, research papers and studies laying out the path the new White House incumbent should take and issuing dire warnings about the disastrous consequences of doing otherwise.
- Ahead of the curve -
""The first hundred days in office will be critical,"" said Joel Wit, a senior fellow at the US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University.
""Rather than wait for events on the ground to narrow down choices and dictate policy, the new administration needs to get ahead of the curve. It needs to shape events itself -- not be shaped by them,"" Wit told AFP.
The policy argument essentially pits those who favour threatening the North Korean regime's very existence with crushing sanctions backed by military threat, against those who prefer a cocktail of measures in which tough sanctions and military strength provide a base for offering talks and incentives to denuclearise.
Some analysts say the debate smacks of desperate ""do-somethingism"" and suggest that dealing with the North Korea threat should be more about problem-containment than problem-solving.
In a stark assessment delivered to a Washington think-tank last week, the US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said convincing North Korea to abandon nuclear weapons was ""a lost cause"".
As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton followed the Obama administration's sanctions-based policy of ""strategic patience"" -- refusing to talk with the North unless it takes steps to denuclearise.
Critics say that boiled down to sitting back and watching North Korea's nuclear weapons programme slip into high gear.
- Tough choices -
Those who back dialogue include Jane Harman and James Person of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars who wrote a recent op-ed in the Washington Post titled: ""The US Needs to Negotiate with North Korea.""
They argued for entering into direct talks with the stated goal of negotiating a freeze of all North Korean nuclear and long-range missile tests.
Negotiations would then move towards verifiable dismantlement, with Washington offering possible concessions such as a non-aggression pact or a suspension of joint military exercises with South Korea.
""Done right, there is a way out of the insanity,"" they wrote.
The opposite view was put in a briefing paper from the Brookings Institution that called on whoever the next president might be to ""steer clear of illusory outcomes that offer no hope of success"".
The paper advocated intensified sanctions -- backed by ""a strong foundation of military measures"" -- that would starve the regime of foreign currency, cut Pyongyang out of the international financial system, and squeeze its trade networks.
""The next president should make clear to Pyongyang that the United States is prepared to put at risk the one thing that North Korea holds even more dearly than its nuclear weapons -- the preservation of its regime,"" it said.
- Lack of experience -
Analysts say the gamut of opinion on North Korea runs particularly wide, given the lack of verifiable intelligence on, or real understanding of, a country that remains remarkably isolated.
""There are a lot of myths and misconceptions that have taken hold in the minds of people, and these are very difficult to counteract,"" Wit said.
""In any new US administration there will be people making decisions who have no direct experience of dealing with North Korea -- who have never even met a North Korean.
""Can you imagine a similar scenario when it comes to making decisions about somewhere like Russia?"" he said.
The only real area of consensus on North Korea is that time is fast running out.
Its nuclear and missile testing programme has accelerated to the point where previous estimates -- once seen as alarmist -- that it could have an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead to the United States by 2020, are now seen as soberly prudent.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
271881,"McDonald’s is serving a Nutella burger, and it actually sounds strangely delicious Daryl Lindsey More There are a few things we never thought we’d see on a McDonald’s menu — and a Nutella burger is definitely one of those things. McDonald’s Italy launched the Nutella burger , called the “Sweety con Nutella” on Thursday — and we kind of want to try it. “A soft sweetness has arrived that you will not be able to resist.” The post quickly garnered more than 50,000 shares. Where is the thinking emoji when we need it? Oh, here it is. Thankfully there is no meat in this confectionery concoction. Though McDonald’s will use real hamburger buns (and serve it in a traditional red burger box) it is actually just chocolate-hazelnut spread and carbs. Bread and Nutella is a TOTALLY fine combination to us. Unfortunately, you’ll have to travel to Italy to give this new menu item a try. There are no plans in the works to bring the product to the USA — but we can dream!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
324303,"Ratings: The Flash Hits 5-Week Highs; Scream Queens Returns Steady Matt Webb Mitovich Pin it Share The CW’s The Flash this Tuesday drew 3 million total viewers and a 1.2 demo rating, up 8 and 20 percent from its last fresh outing to deliver its best numbers since the season opener. Over on Fox, Scream Queens returned from its month-long break to 1.44 mil and a 0.6, clutching onto its series lows. Brooklyn Nine-Nine (2.2 mil/0.9) and New Girl (2 mil/0.9) were also steady. Elsewhere in Ratingsland…. NBC | The Voice (9.7 mil/2.1) and Chicago Fire (6.9 mil/1.5) were steady, while This Is Us (9.5 mil/2.6) rose 12 and 13 percent, dominating the night in the demo. RELATED This Is Us Recap: Brothers, Brownies and Pretty Bad Ideas ABC | Real O’Neals (3.6 mil/1.1) rose three tenths, The Middle (6.2 mil/1.6) and Fresh Off the Boat (4.3 mil/1.3) each added two tenths and American Housewife (5.2 mil/1.6) ticked up. The David Blaine special (5.1 mil/1.6) doubled Agents of SHIELD ‘s most recent performance in the time slot, giving ABC its best Tuesday-at-10 numbers in 51 weeks. RELATED Teen Wolf Boss Talks Stydia’s Big Premiere Moment, What’s Next CBS | NCIS (14.6 mil/1.7) and Bull (11.8 mil/1.5) returned steady, while New Orleans (9.1 mil/1.2) dipped a tenth. Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email and your question may be answered via Matt’s Inside Line . Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
188943,"Grey's Anatomy Recap: Job Insecurity Charlie Mason Pin it Share Saving lives almost took a backseat to saving livelihoods in Thursday’s Grey’s Anatomy . As soon as Catherine brought in a consultant to evaluate Grey Sloan’s residency program, doctors from Richard on down were forced to wonder whether the next thing they were handed in the hospital was gonna be a scalpel or a pink slip. Did anyone actually get axed, though? Read on and find out. greys-anatomy-season-13-episode-7-recap More ‘HEADS ROLLED’ | As “Why Try to Change Me Now” began, word was just beginning to spread around Grey Sloan that an evaluation of the staff’s methods was about to be made by Dr. Eliza Minnick ( Marika Dominczyk ). When Alex groaned that this was happening because of him, Meredith insisted, “Everything isn’t about you. That doesn’t even make sense.” Then, of course, he reminded her that he — a teacher — had beat up DeLuca — a student. “Oh,” she had to admit. “That makes sense.” At the same time, Leah was panicking her fellow residents, pointing out that, naturally, Bailey’s email hadn’t sounded scary — the chief wasn’t about to “BCC a mass firing announcement to the entire staff.” However, scary was exactly what Minnick was. She’s “kind of a legend,” Murphy said. Stephanie, for her part, suspected that Ben was the reason Minnick was being called in. PHOTOS Fall TV Predictions: Grey’s Husband Twist and More ‘IF I’M YOUR STUDENT, GOD HELP ME, RIGHT?’ | While Richard was learning from Bailey that he wouldn’t be introducing Minnick around since she was already at work, she was talking to the residents, asking them “who you love, who you hate” and reassuring them that, “This room is a vault. Nothing leaves these walls.” (Speaking of walls, watching from outside, a forlorn Webber appeared to read some writing on one.) Later, Richard grilled Andrew about the residents’ meeting with Minnick but only found out that it had been “interesting.” After Eliza stepped on Meredith’s toes in the ER, she went to Webber and told him, as director of the residency program, to kindly “direct her — to the door!” Maggie, meanwhile, was perturbed after swiping Minnick’s notes to see that the residents had ranked her last among the attendings! PHOTOS Grey’s Anatomy Countdown: Ranking the Show’s 20 Best Couples of All Time ‘IT’S MY DECISION TO MAKE’ | Having observed Minnick in action, Richard asked Bailey to intervene. When Miranda refused, he said fine, he’d inform the consultant himself that she was to “observe and nothing more.” Only then did Bailey reveal that “that’s not the deal,” that, in fact, Minnick had been tasked with making a decision about the way the program was running. “Are you giving her my job?” Webber asked. No, Bailey insisted. She wanted Minnick to work with him. “Medicine is changing constantly,” she said. “Change along with it, or get left behind.” Yikes. In the end, when Bailey pointed out that the decision was hers to make as chief, Richard reminded her that he’d fought to get her that job. RELATED Grey’s Anatomy : Bridget Regan to Guest ‘MY BRAIN IS MELTING’ | That evening, Bailey admitted to Ben that she needed reassurance that she was doing the right thing (which he sweetly gave her). The following day, Maggie urged Leah to tell her if there was anything she could do to help her learning, and Murphy admitted that her mentor could slow down. Shortly, Pierce’s determination to win over Minnick led to her letting Leah take the lead during a risky surgery. Eventually, it got to the point where Murphy didn’t “feel ready to do this,” so she tagged out, DeLuca tagged in and dealt with a nicked artery. Ultimately, no harm was done, but Webber still hit the roof, prompting Minnick to defend her methods as infinitely more effective in the instruction of the residents. ‘I SWIPED LEFT’ | Over the course of the day, Arizona, Maggie and Nathan learned that April was on Tinder (and being pinged right and left!). She even said yes to one guy, awkwardly right as she bumped into Jackson. That evening, she and her ex navigated the weirdness of her going on a date, and pretty well, especially for them. The next day, she reported that her date was “pretty amazing” — so much so that they were gonna go out again that night. Later, he asked if maybe they could not talk about their dating lives, and she admitted that actually, her date had sucked. That night, he managed to encourage her to keep dipping her toe in the dating pool. Read More ‘THIS IS STILL HAPPENING?’ | Amelia’s reluctance to confide in Owen resulted in their working relationship — imagine that! — becoming remarkably tense… in front of Minnick, no less. She even began sleeping at Grey Sloan, which is never a good sign. After hearing that the wife of a patient wanted to stay overnight at the hospital because, in 20 years of marriage, she and her husband had never slept apart, Amelia tried to kiss and make up with her husband. Alas, by then, he was too pissed to do so, and at last, she blurted out, “I don’t wanna have a baby.” When she showed up at Meredith’s, Alex tried to throw her out to take care of the sword hanging over her head but softened when she informed him that the sword had fallen. ‘SHE’S AN ASS, BUT SHE’S RIGHT’ | As the episode drew to a close, Maggie admitted that, as smart as she was, Minnick wasn’t wrong about her. On the flip side, Arizona pled her case to Eliza as “a rare exotic bird” and found out that the pilfered list hadn’t been a ranking of any sort, it was just a list of names. (She also found out that Minnick had noticed her lovely face.) Right before Richard expressed to Bailey his new willingness to work with Minnick, Eliza told the chief that she was seriously considering coming to Grey Sloan. If she did join the staff, however, “I don’t share authority,” she made it clear. “I am the authority.” So, what did you think of “Why Try to Change Me Now”? Do you hope Minnick will stick around? Do you like her as a potential love interest for Arizona? Hit the comments.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
100427,"Miami (AFP) - When you've got to go, but you're out there in space, zipped up in a spacesuit, with no toilet in sight and a crew of other astronauts around, what do you do? NASA has launched a contest for inventors to solve this uncomfortable issue, and promises to award $30,000 to the best ""space poop"" solutions.
Inventors have until December 20 to submit designs for a personalized waste-wicking system that will handle everything, hands-free, for a period of up to six days.
""The old standby solution consisted of diapers,"" said the description of contest details at www.herox.com/SpacePoop.
""However, the diaper is only a very temporary solution, and doesn’t provide a healthy/protective option longer than one day.""
Sometimes, astronauts have to wait even longer. The two men and one woman who packed themselves into a Russian Soyuz space capsule last week had to wait two full days between launching from Kazakhstan and arriving at the International Space Station.
The Soyuz is equipped with a portable toilet, which looks like an air-powered pee jug.
On future missions to deep space destinations like an asteroid or Mars, NASA suspects it could take up to 144 hours, or six days, to get to a proper toilet.
In emergency situations, astronauts may need to zip themselves into a fully pressurized, bulky orange spacesuit, complete with helmet and gloves.
""While sealed, it is impossible for an astronaut to access their own body, even to scratch their nose,"" NASA said.
That's where the inventors come in. Astronauts need some way to clear away urine, fecal matter and menstrual blood efficiently, or they risk infection.
The problem is that in weightlessness, fluids can blob up and stick to surfaces, while solids float in the air.
""You don't want any of these solids and fluids stuck to your body for six days,"" NASA said, recalling how easy babies can get diaper rash.
Currently, while at the International Space Station, astronauts use a toilet contraption that includes a vacuum and a tube to help evacuate fecal matter.
To urinate, they use a funnel attached to a hose that can be adapted for a sitting or standing position, and uses air to move urine away.
NASA vowed to award up to three $30,000 prizes for the most promising in-suit waste management systems.
The goal is to test them within a year and fully implement them within three years.
NASA says the first human missions to Mars could take place by the 2030s.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
241718,"NYON, Switzerland (AP) — UEFA has banned Legia Warsaw from selling tickets for a Champions League match in Germany, in the latest round of punishments tied to violence by the club's fans. UEFA says its disciplinary panel acted on crowd disturbances at Legia's 5-1 loss at Real Madrid last month.
Several Legia fans clashed with police outside the stadium.
UEFA says the club cannot sell its fan tickets for a Nov. 22 match at Borussia Dortmund. A ban on Legia fans for two more away matches in UEFA competitions was deferred for a one-year probationary period.
UEFA also fined the Polish champion 80,000 euros ($87,000) for the second time this season.
Legia hosted Madrid in an empty stadium last week after fan violence at the home game against Dortmund in September.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
43894,"Miles Teller & Aaron Eckhart On Biggest Sports Comeback Story Of Them All – The Contenders Video Pete Hammond Pin it Share Bleed For This , the movie about the incredible comeback story of boxer Vinnie Pazienza, came to our big all-day awards-season event The Contenders Presented By Deadline. In front of a packed DGA theater audience of Oscar voters and key guild members, writer-director Ben Younger and stars Miles Teller and Aaron Eckhart explained what drew them to the story of the three-time champion boxer whose career was derailed by a near-fatal car crash. Although there is lots of boxing in it, this is really a story of perseverance and survival, as Younger tells it. Teller recounts his intense preparation, weight loss and weight gain, and wearing the impossibly uncomfortable halo — the same device Vinnie Paz had to wear for months after his accident. He also shares stories of how Vinnie himself visited the set. Eckhart talks about playing trainer Kevin Rooney in the film, which none other than Martin Scorsese executive produced. Check out our Contenders conversation above. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
23274,"Warning: getimagesize(): php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/sites/www.businessinsider.com/releases/20161117212415/models/Post.php on line 1611 Warning: getimagesize(http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/5827553b691e882c4e8b5a39/frozen-snowball-earth-ice-shutterstock_382981525.jpg): failed to open stream: php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/sites/www.businessinsider.com/releases/20161117212415/models/Post.php on line 1611 Warning: Division by zero in /home/sites/www.businessinsider.com/releases/20161117212415/models/Post.php on line 1615 frozen snowball earth ice shutterstock_382981525 More (Shutterstock)
There has never been less sea ice recorded on Earth than there is right now.
Both the Arctic and Antarctic are significantly below their usual extents — that is, the area of the ocean covered by ice. That's in part because the Arctic is an astonishing 36 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than usual as winter begins in the Northern Hemisphere.
This is wildly unusual, and a reality that emerges from trends associated from climate change. But it also doesn't necessarily mean we've stepped suddenly over the threshold into some new climate era.
Instead, according to Mark Serreze, director of the National Snow and Ice Data Center (NSIDC), what we're seeing is a kind of giant, scary global coincidence — the kind we should expect to see much more often as the world warms.
Here's why.
""We tend to shy away from reading too much into both hemisphere having really low sea ice at the same time, because they behave so differently,"" Serreze said.
That's because the Arctic and the Antarctic are very different from one another. If you got rid of all the ice in the Arctic, you'd be left with open ocean. It's lost ice just about every year since recording began in 1978.
But Antarctica is a continent with a massive sheet of ice sitting on top of it, and its behavior is more erratic. Some of its ice sheets have shrunk dramatically, to the point of risking collapse. But so far others have grown enough to make up for it.
""Right now, Antarctic ice extent is at this record low in the satellite era,"" Serreze said, ""but in the Antarctic especially it really bounces around a lot. So the situation may change a couple weeks from now ... When you throw them all together into one blob, you lose perspective on what's really happening.""
That doesn't mean the global ice situation is nothing to worry about.
""In the Arctic you're absolutely losing sea ice very quickly. So you're looking at ice-free Septembers maybe 20 years from now, while the Antarctic is kind of high to low,"" Serreze said. ""So if you look at your climate models they say the Arctic is where the real action is right now, and the Antarctic is this sleeping elephant that's now beginning to stir.""
Serreze says the real story is a stead global melt, not what's happened in the last few weeks. People need to deal with it, he added, but, ""there's no need to panic.""
NOW WATCH: This map by NASA shows the drastic amount of ice that’s disappeared from the Arctic
More From Business Insider
Stephen Hawking: Humans have only about 1,000 years left
14 perfectly-timed pictures of animals doing hysterical things
9 pictures of the chaos caused by the enormous earthquake in New Zealand",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
285651,"Kim Kardashian Takes Halloween Pics With Kanye, North, and Saint in First Major Update Since Paris Robbery Raphael Chestang Share View photos Kim Kardashian West has taken a break from social media , but that didn't stop her from enlisting the help of her brother Rob Kardashian to post family pictures from Halloween on Friday night. The 36-year-old reality star wore matching costumes with 3-year-old daughter, North, both dressing as Princess Jasmine from Disney's Aladdin . View photos ""North is crazy into Princess Jasmine right now,"" Rob wrote on Kim's website. View photos Joining the theme, her 11-month-old son Saint went as Aladdin, posing on a carpet with his big sister. View photos Read More KimKardashianWest.com Even grandmother, Mary Jo, got in on the action, donning a shirt with a skeleton on it and a scarf decorated with skulls. View photos KimKardashianWest.com Kourtney Kardashian bucked the Aladdin trend, jumping into a Spider-Girl suit. ""Kourt threw a Halloween dinner for the fam,"" Rob wrote. ""This will be my life next Halloween!"" View photos View photos KimKardashianWest.com It's been a whirlwind few days for the Kardashian family. Rob welcomed his first child, Dream, with fiancee Blac Chyna on Thursday. WATCH: Rob Kardashian Posts Look-Alike Pic of Newborn Daughter Dream and Late Father Robert Kardashian Kim seems to be slowly getting back to her normal routine following her robbery incident in Paris last month. Watch the video below to find out how Kim might address the robbery whenever she decides to break her silence. Related Articles ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
233265,"Two days before American voters decide the next president, FBI Director James Comey informed Congress that after a new review of a large trove of emails discovered in a separate investigation, the agency has reaffirmed its earlier decision that no charges will be brought against Hillary Clinton. “The FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connected with an unrelated criminal investigation,” Comey wrote in a letter dated Sunday to members of relevant congressional committees. 
“Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.” 
In July, Comey said the Democratic nominee and her aides were “extremely careless” in the former secretary of state’s use of a private email server during her tenure. But he concluded then there was no evidence they intentionally mishandled classified information. 
The Sunday letter brought welcome relief to the Democratic nominee’s campaign. It also fueled a predictable return to cries of a “rigged” system from her Republican rival, Donald Trump. The GOP nominee had seized on a narrow political opening, created just over a week ago, when Comey informed lawmakers he had opened a new review of emails potentially related to Clinton’s private server. 
Clinton leads Trump by 1.8 points some 48 hours from the polls opening on Election Day Tuesday, according to a Real Clear Politics polling average.   
“She’s protected by a rigged system,” Trump said Sunday at a rally in Minneapolis, immediately after the news broke. “She shouldn’t even be allowed to run for president.” 
Clinton’s campaign had maintained confidence the latest review would exonerate her. 
“We were always confident nothing would cause the July decision to be revisited,” Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon tweeted Sunday. “Now Director Comey has confirmed it.” 
Comey shook up the 2016 presidential election in its final stretch — and took a rare step for an FBI director — when he informed lawmakers Oct. 28 that investigators had discovered potentially relevant emails while separately probing allegations that Anthony Weiner exchanged sexually explicit communications with underage women. Weiner, a former New York congressman and Democratic mayoral candidate, is now estranged from his wife, close Clinton aide Huma Abedin. 
It’s unclear how much the October letter may have prompted tightening in the polls in recent days. But it certainly slowed Clinton’s building momentum as her confident campaign threw additional money into battleground and even traditionally Republican states. 
The FBI investigation also threw Trump something of a lifeline. At the time, the FBI chief made clear it was unknown whether the latest email batch would be relevant in the closed investigation into Clinton’s use of private email. Yet Trump and his allies seized on the news to reinforce a narrative the Democrat has found difficult to shake: That she’s untrustworthy and sees herself as above the law. 
On Sunday, at the Minnesota rally, Trump was already back to cries of a “rigged” system. But even his appearance smacked of desperation:  The solidly-blue Midwestern state hasn’t voted for a Republican since 1972, and the businessman-turned-politician had already all but ceded the state to Clinton. 
Last month, Clinton aides and powerful surrogates — including President Barack Obama — aggressively criticized the FBI, questioning both the timing and lack of details in Comey’s Oct. 28 notification to Congress. It’s unlikely their frustrations will abate with Sunday’s letter: Reports suggest the much of the newly-scrutinized emails may have been duplicates of those already reviewed by agents. 
The Justice Department had strongly urged Comey against bucking protocol and revealing an investigation — much less providing details about it –so close to an election. But Comey has also been battling warring leaks from within his department. 
Despite Comey’s latest conclusion, Republicans — including leaders such as House Speaker Paul Ryan, who’s kept Trump at arms’ length — are still seeking to capitalize on questions of Clinton’s credibility. 
“Regardless of this decision, the undisputed finding of the FBI’s investigation is that Secretary Clinton put our nation’s secrets at risk,” Ryan said in a statement later Sunday. “Let’s bring the Clinton era to an end by voting for Donald Trump on Tuesday.” 
Photo credit:  Justin Sullivan",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
85444,"NEW YORK (AP) — Caitlyn Jenner has picked a name for her upcoming memoir: ""The Secrets of My Life."" As announced last year by Grand Central Publishing, the book is scheduled for April 17. It will trace Jenner's life from her childhood and years Jenner as Olympic superstar Bruce Jenner through her multiple marriages and children and transition to Caitlyn.
Jenner came out as a trans woman in 2015.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
267717,"NEW YORK (AP) — The defending world champion is a 25-year-old Norwegian who's been named one of the world's sexiest men. Magnus Carlsen is tops in an endurance sport that doesn't require him to move from his chair.
It's called chess.
Carlsen, the highest-rated player in chess history, again aims to win the World Chess Championship, the most eagerly awaited match in a generation, starting Friday in New York.
Trying to wrest the title from Carlsen is the 26-year-old Ukrainian-born Russian grandmaster Sergey Karjakin.
The prize purse of $1.1 million will be divided 60-40 between the men, who are treated like rock stars in their countries.
Carlsen and Karjakin will play in a renovated building on the historic Manhattan waterfront, near Wall Street and the Brooklyn Bridge.
The championship has returned to the United States for the first time in 21 years; the last one was in Sochi, Russia, in 2014.
In the U.S., organizers face a challenge: how to popularize a sedentary sport with little visible action in a society where most fans favor dynamic sports like football, boxing, basketball and baseball.
Still, chess has its fervent American fans, including Jay Z, Jude Law, Arnold Schwarzenegger and President Barack Obama.
The International Olympic Committee classifies it as a sport, as do more than 100 countries. It requires not only brain acrobatics but also the physical stamina to sit as long as six hours at a time for three weeks.
The board battle pits figures of medieval warriors, kings, queens, bishops and knights against each other in ever-changing plots as dramatic as the ""Game of Thrones.""
Electronic versions of the game register about 1 billion downloads a year of hundreds of apps, says Ilya Merenzon, the Moscow-based chief executive officer of Agon Ltd., which owns the marketing rights to the World Chess brand for the championships and the qualifying games leading up to it.
There are an estimated 600 million players worldwide, Merenzon says.
By contrast with the glitzy, high-tech championship, chess enthusiasts can be found playing in hundreds of New York outdoor public spaces, such as Central Park. Some of these urban street players are homeless.
Karjakin was 12 when he became the youngest grandmaster, and Carlsen was a grandmaster at 13.
""When I was young, I was used to winning games in a very aggressive style, and I would attack all the time and I was used to my opponents cracking,"" Carlsen said. ""But when I got to the highest level, then people defended better, so now I'm more pragmatic. Whatever risks I take, I try to control the game.""
Carlsen has cashed in through sponsorships, his own chess app and modeling for ads. He appeared in G-Star Raw's Spring/Summer fashion ad campaign along with actress and model Lily Cole.
He also was selected by Cosmopolitan magazine as one of the sexiest men of 2013. Since then, he's also been the world's No. 1 player.
All 600 seats for Friday's inaugural game were sold out, starting at $75 apiece. Two games are played on consecutive days, followed by a one-day break, for a total of 12 games.
Tens of millions of fans are expected to follow live online, free of charge through the worldchess.com website and affiliate partners. In addition, $15 via Pay-Per-View buys the game in virtual reality, allowing fans to experience the game as if they were there by wearing special goggles.
For years, chess seemed to be played in a bubble, far from mainstream media.
But it never grew out of style in Carlsen's Norway, where TV programs are pre-empted for important games.
This week, New York will host the first championship with two grandmasters of the smartphone generation — ""a battle of two of the finest minds on the planet,"" Merenzon says. ""Our goal is to make chess a pop culture event.""
___
This story has been corrected to show the company's name is Agon, not Agony, and the company does not control the games, just the commercial rights to the brand name.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
23095,"‘Sweet Charity’ Theater Review: Sutton Foster Galumphs Her Way to Musical-Comedy Greatness More If Lucille Ball could sing. If Lucille Ball could dance. If Lucille Ball could get raunchy in something other than a vat of grapes. That’s a lot of ifs, but Sutton Foster checks every one of the boxes in the funny, and often very poignant, new revival of “Sweet Charity,” which opened Sunday at Off-Broadway’s Pershing Square Signature Center. The extreme masochism of taxi dancer Charity Hope Valentine is a challenge, especially in 2016, but Foster turns the character’s commitment to being abused by men into a feminist statement while remaining a total delight to watch. Charity here resembles a galumphing giraffe in a bad Dynel wig. Both hilarious and pathetic. One of Foster’s most recent Broadway assignments was playing Reno Sweeney in “Anything Goes.” From ballsy then to doormat now, the actress really can do anything. Also Read: Sutton Foster to Star in Off Broadway Revival of 'Sweet Charity' “Sweet Charity” begins where the show’s source material, Federico Fellini’s “The Nights of Cabiria,” ends. A street walker is simultaneously abandoned by her fiancé and robbed of her “dowry,” which she carries in her purse. Neil Simon’s book, written in 1966, is an exceptionally well-structured adaptation of the classic film, but it’s surprisingly flat in the humor department. Almost every laugh in this New Group revival comes not from a Simon zinger (of which there are precious few) but rather silent physical comedy delivered with inspired adeptness from the leading lady under the direction of Leigh Silverman. The scene where Charity watches from the closet while her trick for the night (Joel Perez in multiple roles and displaying a great tenor in each of them) makes love to his girlfriend on the rebound (Nikka Graff Lanzarone) is as over-the-top comic as it is, in the end, downright tragic. “Sweet Charity” is not a great or even a very good musical. (Two Broadway revivals made that abundantly clear.) Its score by Cy Coleman and Dorothy Fields soars only with “Big Spender,” the taxi dancers’ ode to exploiting and being exploited by men. Silverman’s super-fluid staging never really leaves that hellhole of a dance hall, where we first hear “Big Spender.” The smell of cheap booze and cigars lingers. Upstage and upstairs, Silverman presents an all-female band, as if to tell us that, regardless of our job, we’re all working girls in the end. Foster, Silverman and Schuler Hensley turn dross into, if not gold, something more touching than a well-manufactured evening of musical-comedy glitter. Also Read: 'Violet' Theater Review: Sutton Foster Headlines Broadway's Latest Cinderella Story Charity meets her leading man rather late in the show, just before the end of act one when she and the neurotic nerd Oscar meet and get stuck in a malfunctioning elevator. Hensley presents what has to be the schlubbiest romantic lead ever. He plays the character’s claustrophobia for real, not for laughs, and while that portrait of desperation doesn’t lead to the most upbeat first-act capper, it’s a good omen for what’s to come in the second half. After we get beyond the desultory “Rhythm of Life” number, Charity and Oscar’s romance turns into an extended plaintive duet of two lost, suffering souls. And the taxi dancers’ gripes take on a new, even greater urgency. Related stories from TheWrap:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
279158,"CAIRO (AP) — An Egyptian court on Tuesday struck down the death sentence passed by a lower tribunal against an ousted Islamist president for his part in a mass prison break during the country's 2011 uprising. The ruling by the Court of Cassation means that former President Mohammed Morsi would be given a new trial, along with five other leaders of his now-banned Muslim Brotherhood group, whose death sentences in the same case were also quashed.
The court also struck down life sentences passed in the same case against 21 Brotherhood members.
Morsi, Egypt's first freely elected president, is implicated in four lengthy trials pertaining to different cases against him, including the 2011 prison break during the uprising against his predecessor, Egyptian autocrat Hosni Mubarak.
For the prison break, Morsi had received the only death sentence so far.
Last month, a court upheld a 20-year sentence for Morsi on charges arising from the killing of protesters in December 2012. It was the first final verdict against Morsi, who was ousted by the military in 2013 after just one year in office.
Morsi is also appealing life sentences he received in the two remaining cases against him — one on espionage charges related to Qatar and the other on suspicion of conspiring with the militant Palestinian Hamas group that runs the Gaza Strip. Those appeal proceedings are pending.
Morsi's son, Osama, who is also one of his defense lawyers, welcomed the cancellation of the death sentence. ""I am optimistic but I also don't expect much from politicized judiciary,"" he said.
He said his father has been in solitary confinement since 2013 and has been banned from any family visits or visits from lawyers.
""He lives in complete isolation,"" the younger Morsi said of his father.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
165282,"Britney Spears did a spoken word performance of the iconic “I’m a bitch, I’m a mother…” song and she SLAYED Stephanie Hallett Pin it Share More If you’d been performing the same basic stage show for three years, you’d probably want to change things up every now and then, right? Well, that seems to be the case for Britney Spears, who took an unexpected turn during a Las Vegas “Piece of Me” concert at Planet Hollywood this week. Decked out in a sexy, strappy bra-and-underwear ensemble, Britney surprised her audience with a spoken word-style performance of the iconic chorus of “Bitch” by Meredith Brooks , that classic ’90s song you probably hear more often at karaoke these days than you do on the radio. Britney was between songs when she said to her audience , “I just wanted to let you guys know, I feel like a bitch.” — f*ckboy flo (@sadhoeflo) November 3, 2016 She continued, striding confidently around the stage, “And a lover, and a child, and a mother. And a sinner, and a saint, and I do not feel ashamed. I’m your hell, I’m your dream, and I’m nothing in between. And I wouldn’t want it any other motherf—king way.” In case that tune isn’t now firmly stuck in your head, you can check out the original version below (and yes, Britney did ad lib a little bit at the end there). You’re welcome. In September last year, Britney announced that she’d extended her residency at Planet Hollywood through 2017. The show has been a phenomenal success and has allowed Britney to live a life with her two children that she’s dreamt of since she was 21. As she explained to Billboard last year , she once stayed at Celine Dion’s estate in Las Vegas during a tour in 2003 — Dion’s home during her residency at Caesar’s Palace — and she fell instantly in love with the idea of of living somewhere year-round instead of traveling constantly. Said Britney, “I was actually jealous, like, ‘Oh, my gosh, she gets to be in one place all the time.’ Everything clicked. To have your children and your family and that way of life, it just makes sense to have everything in one place.” We’re so happy to see Brit living this dream, and we’ll love you forever you keep up your Meredith Brooks schtick!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
128555,"Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas definitely looked like a couple at a friend’s wedding over the weekend Johnni Macke Pin it Share More Let the relationship gossip continue! Over the weekend, Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas continued to fuel romance rumors after getting goofy at a friend’s wedding and we really hope they are actually together. Rumors that Jonas and the Game of Thrones actress are an item first surfaced after they were spotted at the Kings of Leon concert in early November looking pretty cozy before the MTV Europe Music Awards in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Since then, fans and publications alike have been shipping these two pretty hard and based on these new photos their playful friendship could be something much more. After being seen together at a friend’s wedding in Malibu, California this past weekend, photo booth photos have surfaced of the two lovebirds getting even closer, and acting very goofy together, which has us rooting for a Jonas-Turner romance even more. “Matt and Margo got married last night and it was the perfect and this is our lovely table #petrofftothealtar #table5baybay,” singer, Paris Carney captioned the photo booth shot that features Turner and Jonas together at the top (middle). “Table 5 #petrofftothealtar ,” another party goer wrote on more funny photo booth pictures, which show the couple letting their wild side out. The DNCE singer posted a picture from the wedding as well that didn’t feature his rumored love, but instead had his little brother, Nick Jonas in the photo , which we are totally okay with. “Brooos,” Jonas captioned the manly photo. Last but certainly not least, on Sunday, Joe, Nick and Sophie all posed with one of the wedding guest’s daughters in an adorable photo that looks very relationship-status worthy. “ZaZa was chilling with Sansa Stark when these Jonas Brothers moved in on her convo,” the proud father captioned the sweet photo. “But she was like, ‘y’all can hang with us.'” While there is still no confirmation from either star about their rumored relationship, Turner’s hand on Jonas in that last photo is giving us major couple vibes! What do you think about a Jonas-Turner romance?",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
291331,"Mercedes-Maybach unveiled their sleek S650 Cabriolet at the Los Angeles Auto Show this week. The limited-production model is seriously up on the power, considering its 6.0-liter V-12 twin-turbo engine has been tuned to crank out a robust 621-horsepower and 738 lb-ft of torque. For some perspective, while the cabriolet’s hard-roofed brethren, the S600, features the same 6.0-liter V-12 biturbo, the sedan generates 100 less ponies. Since the S650 may have a powerplant that approaches supercar territory, it’s fitting that it’ll be equally hard to obtain. A mere 300 models will be produced globally, with only 75 earmarked for the United States. Three themes are available to those 75 buyers, including Zircon Red paint with a porcelain and black interior, Cote d’Azur Blue paint matched with a porcelain and saddle brown interior and designoDiamond White paint coupled with a porcelain and Yacht Blue interior.
The four-seater Mercedes-Maybach S650 is based on the open-top S-Class, drawing plenty of design cues from the likes of the S-badged cabrios currently on offer from the Tri-Star manufacturer. Those include a dynamic silhouette with a soft-top, a sidewall dropping line which noses down towards the rear. The Maybach flourishes include a refreshed front fascia with a new bumper, an upgraded lower section and more chrome. Finishing the aesthetics off are 20-inch Maybach forged rims, a Maybach puddle logo emitted from the side mirrors, and plenty of Maybach logos affixed all over the interior and exterior.
There’s no word on performance numbers courtesy of that monstrous V-12, but it’ll hopefully be quick. All those luxurious touches sound like they’ve added plenty of weight, so fingers crossed the power-to-weight ratio is good. The ride should be buttery smooth, thanks to the AIRMATIC suspension with steplessly variable dampers. All of that sounds lovely, but it doesn’t look like there’s a champagne fridge in the backseat, meaning you’ll need to bring your own cooler to chill your bubbly. How gauche.
View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
232667,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Parliament President Martin Schulz on Wednesday said he hoped for a ""rational cooperation"" with Donald Trump as the next U.S. president after a bitter political campaign. ""It will not be easy because during the election campaign we heard some elements of protectionism, also some worrying words about women, about minorities,"" said Schulz, a German Social Democrat.
""But my experience is also that election campaigns are different from the real politics during a term of the president so I hope that we will get back to a rational cooperation.""
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska; Editing by Alastair Macdonald)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
138199,"By Emma Batha LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Last year more than 1 million refugees and migrants arrived in Europe, many fleeing wars in Asia and the Middle East.
Trust Women, an annual women's right and trafficking conference organized by the Thomson Reuters Foundation, will discuss solutions for tackling the crisis on Wednesday.
Below are some facts.
GLOBAL DISPLACEMENT CRISIS
- At the end of 2015 there were 65.3 million forcibly displaced people. They included 21.3 million refugees, 40.8 million internally displaced and 3.2 million asylum seekers.
- If they were a country they would be the world's 21st largest.
- More than half of refugees come from just three countries: Syria, Afghanistan and Somalia.
- Developing regions host 86 percent of refugees.
- Turkey hosts by far the largest number with more than 3 million refugees and asylum-seekers, including 2.7 million Syrians.
- Lebanon has the highest concentration relative to its own population with nearly one in five people a refugee.
- Globally, nearly one in 200 children is a refugee. The number of child refugees has more than doubled in the last decade.
- Growing numbers of children are crossing borders alone. Last year, more than 100,000 unaccompanied minors applied for asylum in 78 countries - triple the number in 2014.
- The U.N. refugee agency estimates more than 1.19 million people will need to be resettled next year.
EUROPEAN REFUGEE AND MIGRANT CRISIS
- Nearly 370,000 refugees and migrants have arrived in Europe this year, most of them by sea.
- More than 173,000 have arrived in Greece and more than 167,000 in Italy.
- The main nationalities are Syrian, Afghan, Nigerian, Pakistani, Iraqi and Eritrean.
- More than 75,500 refugees and migrants are stranded in Greece and the Western Balkans after Hungary and other countries shut their borders, closing off routes to central and western Europe.
- Numbers crossing from Turkey to Greece fell sharply after the European Union struck a deal with Ankara in March to stem the flow.
- At least 4,690 migrants have died in the Mediterranean this year while trying to reach Europe, compared to 3,777 in 2015. Most have died while crossing from North Africa.
(Source: UNHCR, UNICEF, IOM)
(Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, which covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
87106,"Black Friday is finally over, but the shopping craze isn’t done, particularly today. Cyber Monday is in full swing and retailers are ready to sell you a ton of products at discount prices. T-Mobile is one of them, and the carrier has put a new iPhone 7 promotion in place just a few days after finishing one of the best Black Friday iPhone 7 sales of the year. 
DEAL ALERT: The best Cyber Monday sale of the season is happening right now! 
If you’re still having trouble deciding which iPhone 7 to get, T-Mobile is about to make things easier for you: the carrier will let you upgrade iPhone storage for free. That means you can order the 128GB iPhone for the price of the 32GB version. Or just go for the 256GB iPhone 7 for the price of the 128GB one. In either case, you get to save $100, which isn’t bad at all.
To take advantage of the special Cyber Monday sale, just add the 128GB or 256GB iPhone 7 to your cart online, or place your order via phone call (at 1-877-413-5903). That’s it. You should hurry to get the deal as fast as possible, though, as inventory is limited. Yes, that might mean you have to settle for colors other than Jet Black, which is still the most difficult color to snag.
Check out T-Mobile’s special Cyber Monday iPhone 7 deal at this link. Of note, it appears that the iPhone 7 Plus isn’t included in the promotion.
Trending right now: 
Best Buy Cyber Monday 2016 deals: Huge savings on TVs, computers and more Walmart’s Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now – here are Sunday’s best deals Cyber Monday 2016: Amazon’s best TV deals See the original version of this article on BGR.com",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
228082,"NEW YORK (AP) — President-elect Donald Trump's victory Tuesday has prompted embattled pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli (SHKREL'-ee) to publicly debut some songs off the one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang Clan album he bought for $2 million last year. Shkreli promised last month to release ""Once Upon a Time in Shaolin"" if the Republican took the White House. He made good on the plan early Wednesday by playing snippets of the album during a live Periscope video posted on Twitter. The video has since been deleted.
Shkreli won an auction for the sole copy of the album last year.
The former Turing Pharmaceuticals CEO was vilified by many in 2014 for raising the price of a medication to treat HIV by 5,000 percent. He was also charged with securities fraud last year.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
296774,"REUTERS - The London-based trading unit of Russia's Gazprom Pao has laid off about 20 percent of its workforce, including at least six directors, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday. The job cuts by Gazprom Marketing & Trading include 170 people in London and followed a cost savings review by consultancy Oliver Wyman, the WSJ said, citing two people familiar with the matter. (http://on.wsj.com/2gnGr5q)
Gazprom Marketing & Trading expects a big fall in profits at some of its units this year, the newspaper reported.
Gazprom, which had about 462,400 employees as of Dec. 31, and other oil and gas companies have been hit by a 60 percent slump in oil prices since mid-2014.
Oliver Wyman and Gazprom Marketing & Trading were not immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by Komal Khettry in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Savio D'Souza)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
213581,"Pin it Share Few things are more difficult to get right than a film about a sensational subject, “inspired by true events,” that doesn’t pander to clichés. Belgian director Stephan Streker begins his honor killing drama “A Wedding” in a way that makes audiences feel that, finally, here’s a refreshingly un-stereotypical depiction of an immigrant Pakistani family in Europe. Unfortunately, the feeling doesn’t last. Streker strives hard to offer a balanced view of a traditional family in Belgium forcing their daughter into an arranged marriage, yet in the end he delivers an issue-of-the-week cautionary tale that, though well-made, hits far too many expected buttons. Thankfully the luminous presence of lead actress Lina El Arabi compensates for the disappointment. Topicality, plus awards in Angoulême and Namur, presage a strong Francophone rollout in February 2017. Like it or not, “A Wedding” cannot be viewed in a vacuum: It’s impossible to ignore the increasing demonization of Islam in Western cultures, just as it’s impossible to close our eyes to the avalanche of recent documentaries, dramas, and short films about honor killings (including “A Girl in the River: The Price of Forgiveness,” “In the Name of the Family: Honor Killings in North America,” “Honour,” “Honor Diaries,” “Murdered by My Father,” “House with Small Windows,” “Bliss”). That doesn’t mean the topic is now off limits, but its high visibility together with its headline-grabbing horror demands a nuance and depth which Streker is unable to achieve. The only real surprise, apart from newcomer El Arabi’s high-wattage charisma, is how well “A Wedding” kicks off, with 18-year-old Zahira (El Arabi) at a clinic deciding whether to terminate her pregnancy. What’s unexpected is that her family knows what she’s doing, and while they’re not happy about the situation, they support the abortion. She’s conflicted, even after her boyfriend Tariq (Bilel Ghommidh) tells her they’re over, and at first doesn’t go through with the termination even though she tells her family it’s done. Dad Mansoor (Babak Karimi, “A Separation”) and mom Yelda (Neena Kulkarni) are anxious to relegate Zahira’s mistake to the past: they’re focused on steering her towards an arranged marriage, just as they did with her older sister Hina (Aurora Marion). But the young woman is as much an integrated Belgian teen as she is a dutiful Pakistani daughter, and she sees no good reason to limit her life choices any more than would her best friend Aurore (Alice de Lencquesaing). Zahira’s older brother Amir (Sébastien Houbani) is placed in an impossible situation: uphold the family honor, as dictated by his parents, or support the sister he loves? Streker (“The World Belongs to Us”) is at his best in capturing the indistinct line between teenager and adult, showing Zahira’s childlike energy and indecision together with a burgeoning sense of womanhood. In capturing this “the world’s your oyster” excitement, he’s nicely abetted by Zacharie Chasseriaud as Pierre, the schoolmate whose winningly enthusiastic romantic pursuit reinforces Zahira’s conviction that she can be mistress of her own destiny. The director also scrupulously tries to present Mansoor as a loving father tied to a rigid code of honor which will destroy his entire family if shirked; in this, Streker succeeds only fitfully. When Mansoor angrily tells his daughter that Pakistanis only ever marry Pakistanis, with no exceptions, one longs for her to throw back in his face the example of quite a few star cricketers, whose non-traditional marital alliances are known to all. Zahira’s mother Yelda is less well-defined, as if Streker wasn’t entirely sure what to do with her character. Smaller roles are better, such as Aurore’s kind father André (Olivier Gourmet), not wanting to tread on cultural sensitivities but supportive of Zahira’s decisions, and even Adnan (Harmandeep Palminder), her prospective groom in Pakistan, naively professing his love over Skype. But this is El Arabi’s movie all the way, and she nails the sense of a young woman coming into her own, struggling to balance a normal, potentially selfish desire to fulfill her dreams as a liberated European, with the pull of family and cultural responsibility. In addition, it’s nice to see how the actress uses her hijab, subtly acknowledging the complex associations of the headscarf, which can be comfort and protection. In El Arabi’s only other leading role, the TV movie “Ne m’abandonne pas,” she’s a radicalized French citizen heading to Syria. Let’s hope casting directors finally offer her greater scope beyond what’s assumed by her last name. Stylistically, “A Wedding” looks good (though why is the family apartment so dimly lit?), and music satisfactorily links scenes. Yet Streker should know that when he reveals a gun midway through, audiences will expect it to be used by the end. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
299338,"KINSHASA, Congo (AP) — Congo's president has chosen a new prime minister from an opposition party as part of his plan to create a coalition government instead of holding elections before the end of the year. The new prime minister, Samy Badibanga, was appointed Thursday by presidential order and comes from the same party as longtime opposition figure Etienne Tshisekedi.
Badibanga took part in talks with President Joseph Kabila's government in October even though his opposition party had boycotted them.
Kabila's second term in office expires next month, but Congo's courts have ruled that the election can be delayed and Kabila can stay in power until a new leader is chosen.
A deal reached last month calls for the vote to be held in April 2018, though the largest opposition party rejected it.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
58694,"Today in slightly unsettling news, your dog is totally clocking your every move Kit Steinkellner More As NPR reports, a study with 17 dogs was recently conducted in which scientists found that a doggie could remember and mimic their owner’s actions up to an hour later. Claudia Fugazza, author of the study and animal behavior researcher at Eotvos Lorand University in Budapest, told NPR that she decided to test dogs memories of events via a training technique she invented called “Do As I Do.” Basically how it works is dogs learn to observe their owners actions, then repeat them when given the command “Do it!” And, as Fugazza explains, this study definitely indicates that your pup is watching you VERY closely via GIPHY “If you ask a dog to imitate an action that was demonstrated some time ago, then it is something like asking, ‘Do you remember what your owner did?’ ” As Victoria Templer, a behavioral neuroscientist at Providence College, explains to NPR, the fact that our dogs pay such close attention to us is kind of a mixed blessing. “They’re so tuned into human cues, which can be a good thing.But it also can be a disadvantage and make it very difficult, because we might be cuing dogs when we’re totally unaware of it.” So does this mean our pups have episodic memory just like us humans? Well, as Fugazza sees it, probably not. “Episodic memory is traditionally linked to self-awareness, and so far there is no evidence of self awareness in dogs and I think there is no method for testing it.” Don’t worry, science assures us that we have plenty of other things in common with our pups. Like, for example, the ability to love . You know, that’s probably why your dog is clocking your every move. Because they just love you THAT MUCH. C te.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
303448,"London (AFP) - A London auction of music legend David Bowie's art collection has ended with sales totalling almost £33 million ($41.5 million), after exhibits of the works drew record crowds, Sotheby's said Saturday. Every item in the collection, which included over 130 works of modern and contemporary British art, was sold in a series of sales as buyers' enthusiasm for the late musician's collection exceeded expectations.
Exhibitions of the works in London attracted some 51,470 visitors, the highest attendance for any pre-sale exhibition in the British capital, the auction house said.
The auctions themselves were attended by 1,750 bidders, with over 1,000 more bidding on line.
""David Bowie’s personal art collection captured the imagination of the tens of thousands who visited our exhibitions and the thousands who took part in the sales,"" said Oliver Barker, chairman of Sotheby’s Europe.
The collection offered ""a fresh insight into the creative mind of one of the greatest cultural figures of our time,"" he added.
Sales of works by Damien Hirst, Henry Moore and Marcel Duchamp among others totalled £32.9 million ($41.5 million, 38.3 million euros), Sotheby's said.
The highest-selling item in Bowie's collection, the graffiti-inspired ""Air Power"" canvas by Basquiat, sold for £7.09 million.It had been expected to fetch between £2.5 and £3.5 million.
Bowie bought ""Air Power"" and another painting by the artist, who died from an overdose in 1988 aged 27, shortly before the 1996 biopic ""Basquiat,"" in which the rocker played his early idol Andy Warhol.
New records were set for more than half of the artists represented in the ""White Glove"" sale of Bowie's works, according to Sotheby's.
Frank Auerbach’s ""Head of Gerda Boehm"" sold for a record £3.8 million. Bowie once said of the painting: ""My God, yeah! I want to sound like that looks.""
Bowie was quoted in the New York Times in 1998 as saying that art was ""the only thing I’d ever wanted to own.""
A spokesman for his estate said the musician ""enjoyed sharing the works in the collection... supporting the art and artists that were part of his world.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
159449,"A Dutch beer maker claims to have invented a hangover-free beer [Photo: Getty] More You want to go out, but the thought of spending the rest of the weekend nursing your poorly head is making you want to turn down a night in the pub. If only you could spend a night on the beer without the hangover fear? Earlier this year we reported on the fact that a new type of synthetic alcohol is on its way that could well kick hangovers the heave ho, but while we wait for that you’ll be glad to know there’s another booze innovation in the pipeline that also plans to help us to live in a hangover-free world. Beer hangovers to be precise. In life-changing news of the day, Dutch beer maker Thomas Gesink, has revealed he could well have uncovered the secret to making beer which gets you nicely sozzled, but doesn’t leave you bed-bound the following day. Apparently it all came about when the De Prael brewery in Amsterdam was challenged to create an alcoholic tipple that reduced the effect of a hangover. Cheers to hangover-free beer! [Photo: Getty] More Understandably the clever little inventor is keeping the exact hangover-free formula close to his chest but he has revealed a little about the recipe so we can get an idea of how it all works and tastes. “It’s a pilsner-style beer with 4.5% alcohol, but we researched what we needed to add to make for a lighter hangover the next day,” Thomas told Metro . But the genius-ness doesn’t stop there as the boozy beverage is also loaded with a shedload of hangover reducing ingredients such as Vitamin B12, sea salt to prevent dehydration, ginger to keep sickness at bay and willow fibres which are thought to have a cleansing effect on the body. Sadly, the beer is only available at the De Prael brewery in Amsterdam at the moment, but what better excuse to book a mini-break to test it out for yourself? Bottoms up! Would you try hangover-free beer? Let us know @YahooStyleUK",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
270718,"Reminder: Pat McGrath’s Metamorphosis005 comes out tomorrow and these swatches are unbelievably hypnotizing Lourdes Uribe More Glitter — the trend we all thought died in junior high has come back with a vengeance, and we are living for it! All of our favorite brands are delivering their take on the madness, but no one has us as breathless with anticipation as Pat McGrath’s Metamorphosis 005 kit , which FINALLY comes out tomorrow! Not only that, we finally have a look at some swatches, and they are seriously a next-level sparkle explosion. This is the glitter makeup of the future that we’ve all been waiting for. It might actually be impossible to top this stunning new line. Looks like we’ll be rocking glitz and glamor way before the New Year’s festivities. Look at Naomi Campbell feeling herself while wearing the Metamorphosis 005 kit in Copper. Even she knows that this is the real deal! Look at how it radiates off her eyelids? How is it that it’s so brightly pigmented and yet so elegant at the same time? We could get lost in this video of this swatch for the rest of the day! And how great is it that these different shades all look fabulous on different skin tones? This is going to be THE look of the season, and this kit is the cream of the crop. Are you as breathless with anticipation as we are? It’s actually thrilling to see how the glitter game is being upped. You’re never too old to stop playing with glitter, and you better believe that we’re going to be saving our precious pennies to get our hands on this truly special kit. The Everything Kit will set you back $165, but you’ll look like a supermodel goddess. The kit with four color options is $60 and the black duel-ended marker is $24. We have a feeling it’s going to be so worth it! Or better yet — put it on that holiday wish list! You can get yours tomorrow, here .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
156019,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is confident of winning an appeal to overturn a court decision that the government must get parliamentary approval to trigger the formal divorce process from the European Union, her spokesman said on Friday. In two telephone calls to German Chancellor Angela Merkel and European Commision President Jean-Claude Juncker, May also reiterated that her timetable for triggering Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty had not changed. She has said she will invoke the procedure by the end of March. [nL8N1D488B]
""Our focus is on going to the Supreme Court, presenting our case there and winning that case, and we are confident that in doing so we will be able to meet the timetable we have already set out,"" her spokesman told reporters.
He said she would convey a similar message in expected phone calls with French President Francois Hollande and European Council President Donald Tusk later on Friday.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper, editing by Michael Holden)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
135798,"Anthony Michael Hall Charged With Felony Assault After Allegedly Attacking His Neighbor Jackie Willis Pin it Share An arrest warrant has been issued for Anthony Michael Hall after an alleged altercation that occurred between him and his neighbor outside their condominiums in Playa del Rey, California, in September. In a complaint filed with the Los Angeles County courts and obtained by ET, the 48-year-old actor faces felony charges of ""battery with serious bodily injury."" A spokesperson at the district attorney's office tells ET that if found guilty, Hall could spend a minimum of three years in a state prison. FLASHBACK: Molly Ringwald Was Worried She Wasn't Pretty Enough for The Breakfast Club The DA's office also notes that while Hall has been charged, he has not yet been booked, and will likely have a recommended bail of $80,000. According to TMZ , Hall allegedly broke his neighbor's wrist and hurt his back during an altercation that occurred after the man left his condo gate open. This isn't Hall's first run-in with the law. In 2011, one of his neighbors made a citizen's arrest after the actor allegedly was yelling at people in the complex, pounding on doors and tearing up plants, TMZ reported at the time. When the cops arrived, they took Hall into custody and booked him on suspicion of disturbing the peace. In 2009, a judge also ordered Hall to stay away from ex-girlfriend Diana Falzone after he allegedly stalked her in New York. Hall is best known for his roles in Weird Science, The Breakfast Club and Sixteen Candles. Reporting by Steve Wilks.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
77251,"Washington (AFP) - America's newest warship, the super high-tech USS Zumwalt, broke down in the Panama Canal just a few weeks after the vessel was commissioned, the Navy and reports said Tuesday. The guided missile destroyer, whose stealth capabilities give it a strikingly angular shape, needed to be towed Monday to a nearby former US naval station after suffering an ""engineering casualty,"" the US Naval Institute's news site reported.
The Zumwalt was en route from Baltimore, where she was commissioned October 15, to San Diego.
Navy spokesman Commander Ryan Perry said in a statement that ""the timeline for repairs is being determined now.""
""The schedule for the ship will remain flexible to enable testing and evaluation in order to ensure the ship's safe transit to her new homeport in San Diego,"" Perry said.
An unnamed defense official told USNI News that repairs to the Zumwalt could take up to 10 days.
The $4.3 billion Zumwalt is the first in a new line of revolutionary guided missile destroyers.
The ship is 600 feet (roughly 180 meters) long and weighs nearly 15,000 tons, making it the largest destroyer in the US fleet.
But thanks to its angled hull and deck house, it is designed to look no bigger than a fishing boat on radar.
Its motors are electric powered, driven by an innovative integrated power system that may one day also support an array of energy-intensive weapons like lasers and electromagnetic rail guns.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
145598,"Pin it Share EVANSVILLE, Wyo. (AP) — Hundreds of people gathered at the Wyoming Veterans Cemetery for the funeral of a homeless U.S. Navy veteran that most of them had never met. The Casper Star-Tribune reports (bit.ly/2gDaNRa) there was standing room only at the chapel in Evansville Tuesday for the funeral of 63-year-old Stephen Carl Reiman. Reiman, who had recently moved to Wyoming from California, died on Nov. 17 at Wyoming Medical Center in Casper. Natrona County Coroner Connie Jacobson had difficulty finding any family and asked people from the community to attend Reiman's funeral. Jacobson eventually located Reiman's sister, Diane, who attended the service. Jacobson says Reiman served in Vietnam and told a Veterans Affairs doctor he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder, depression and alcoholism exacerbated by the death of his only son in combat in Iraq. ___ Information from: Casper (Wyo.) Star-Tribune, http://www.trib.com Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
28231,"Nairobi (AFP) - Captain Babar Hayat scored a superb quick-fire half-century against Kenya to drag Hong Kong to a 39-run victory in their World Cricket League match in Nairobi on Sunday. Coming in as third man, Hayat survived several dropped catches as he pushed and pulled the Kenyan bowlers with disdain to score his 78 runs off 68 balls and set the stage for victory in the rain-curtailed match at the Gymkhana club.
Opener Christopher Carter hit 41 and Nizakat Khan scored an unbeaten 20 as Hong Kong closed at 148-4 in 25.1 overs.
Nadeem Ahmed, Ehsan Khan and Tanveer Khan each took three wickets to snuff out the Kenyan response and the home side were skittled all out for 133 in 23 overs, giving Hong Kong victory on the Duckworth-Lewis method.
Hong Kong's victory will however not alter the table standings as the two teams remain fourth and fifth in the eight-team championships.
Papua New Guinea and the Netherlands occupy the top two places with 12 points followed by Scotland on nine.
The top two will qualify to the final round of qualifiers for the 2019 World cup in England.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
177929,"By Marilyn Haigh BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium is about to get smaller and the Netherlands bigger.
The two countries have agreed to a swap of land, a peaceful handover on a continent where borders have long been a source of bloodshed.
Each will cede small, uninhabited parcels of land to reflect a change in course of what is known in French as the river Meuse, and in Dutch as the Maas.
But it is not equal. Belgium will give two peninsulas of 16 hectares (40 acres) to the Netherlands and receive one of 3 hectares in return.
It all comes down to humans messing with Mother Nature, in this case straightening the river.
After Belgium gained independence from the Netherlands in 1830, the border was drawn along the Meuse. But in 1961, the river was straightened to make navigation easier, placing parts of each country's territory on the other side of the river.
With the current border, the only way to reach the land without crossing into another country is by boat.
A Belgian foreign ministry spokesman said police would find it very difficult to access the strips of land that Belgium is relinquishing if any incident were to occur.
""It was just not logical that that small piece was still part of Belgium,"" he said.
The border will most likely change at the start of 2018 after both countries have ratified a treaty signed on Monday by the Dutch and Belgian foreign ministers.
The land swap, however, does not extend to the border village of Baarle-Hertog, which famously has non-contiguous bit of the Netherlands in Belgium and vice versa.
(Editing by Philip Blenkinsop/)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
57993,"The Hague (AFP) - Jihadists belonging to the so-called Islamic State group may have manufactured sulphur mustard gas used in attacks in Syria and Iraq themselves, the head of a global watchdog told AFP Friday. Samples analysed by experts with the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ""suggest that this substance may have been produced by ISIS itself,"" the body's director general Ahmet Uzumcu said, adding it was of ""poor quality but still harmful"" and the development was ""extremely worrying"".",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
250357,"Pin it Share WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A September U.S. air strike in Somalia killed local militia forces and not al Shabaab militants as the Pentagon had initially believed, the U.S. military acknowledged in a draft statement obtained by Reuters. The Sept. 28 strike in Somalia's Galkayo area killed 10 fighters and wounded three others, the statement said. There were no civilian casualties caused by the strike, it said. Somalia's government had requested an explanation from the United States of the strike, which it said had been conducted against forces of the semi-autonomous, northern region of Galmudug. (Reporting by Warren Strobel; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
47022,"Moscow (AFP) - Russia's state communications watchdog said Thursday it had ordered internet providers to block the LinkedIn professional networking site after a court ruled it was breaching a law on storing users' data. ""The social networking site LinkedIn has been added to a register of violators... and submitted for blocking by internet operators,"" the Roskomnadzor watchdog said in a statement on its website.
The site, popular with job-seekers, could still be accessed on a cell phone in Moscow early on Thursday afternoon but several providers said they had blocked it. The hashtag LinkedIn was topping the trends on Twitter in Russia.
LinkedIn, in a statement sent to AFP, said it was ""starting to hear from members in Russia that they can no longer access LinkedIn.""
""Roskomnadzor's action to block LinkedIn denies access to the millions of members we have in Russia,"" it said.
""We remain interested in a meeting with Roskomnadzor to discuss their data localisation request.""
Roskomnadzor spokesman Vadim Ampelonsky told Interfax news agency on Thursday that LinkedIn representatives had asked for a meeting to discuss the blockage and senior staff were deciding on a date.
President Vladimir Putin's advisor on the internet German Klimenko told Rossiya-24 television he expected that ""LinkedIn will meet the conditions and will be unblocked.""
He suggested that the law on personal data may also be ""clarified"" or ""amendments will be submitted.""
On November 10, a Moscow court rejected an appeal by LinkedIn and upheld an August decision that the website was in breach of the controversial new law that requires personal data of Russian users to be stored in the country.
The ruling also told LinkedIn to stop giving users' data to third parties without informing them.
A law passed in 2014 requires foreign messaging services, search engines and social networking sites to store the personal data of Russian users inside Russia.
Sites that breach the law are added to a blacklist and internet providers are obliged to block access to them.
The law prompted a storm of criticism from internet companies but entered into force in September 2015. LinkedIn is the first service to be taken to court under the law.
LinkedIn has over 467 million registered members, according to its website, including over six million in Russia. Earlier this year the company announced that it will be sold to Microsoft by the end of 2016 for over $26 billion.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
27488,"CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand (AP) — Pakistan's long record of success in test series in New Zealand was under threat Sunday as the hosts moved within 47 runs of victory in the first test match by lunch on the fourth day. After building a 67-run lead in a low-scoring match, New Zealand dismissed Pakistan for 171 in in its second innings to leave itself a chase for 105 runs for a 1-0 lead in the two-test series.
Pakistan hasn't loss a test series in New Zealand since 1985, winning five and drawing three of the series played between the teams in that period.
New Zealand put itself in a strong position to end the streak when it went to lunch at 58-1, with Jeet Raval 16 not out and captain Kane Williamson 31 not out. The hosts needed only 47 runs with nine wickets standing to take a 1-0 lead in the series. The second test begins at Hamilton on Friday.
Pakistan began the fourth day on the back foot after its second batting failure of a test shortened by the loss of the entire first day to rain.
When New Zealand won the toss on Friday, Pakistan was forced to bat first on a lively pitch and was dismissed for 133 in 55.5 overs. All-rounder Colin de Grandhomme took 6-41 — the best innings bowling figures by a New Zealander on debut.
New Zealand also struggled in conditions that favored swing bowling and managed only 200 runs in its first innings, opening a 67-run lead without fully taking control of the match. Reval, another player making his New Zealand debut, was the top scorer with 55 — the only half-century of the match so far.
Pakistan's hopes of saving the match faded when its batsmen failed again on Saturday, slipping to 129-7 by stumps, a lead of only 62. Trent Boult and Neil Wagner took three wickets each to remove the Pakistan top order.
Overnight batsmen Sohail Khan and Asad Shafiq provided some stubborn early resistance Sunday in a partnership that added 53 for the eighth wicket. Sohail batted boldly, scoring 49 from 39 balls with five fours and a six. But when he was out at 158-8 and Shafiq followed for 17 at 166-9, the innings quickly ended.
Mohammad Amir kept Pakistan's hopes alive when he dismissed Tom Latham for 9 in the ninth over, leaving New Zealand 19-1. But Williamson and Raval saw New Zealand to the lunch break without further loss.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
238853,"The following list represents the most streamed tracks on Spotify, based on the number of people who shared it divided by the number who listened to it, from Friday Oct. 28, to Thursday, Nov. 3, via Facebook, Tumblr, Twitter and Spotify. UNITED STATES
1. The Weeknd, ""Starboy"" (Republic Records)
2. The Chainsmokers, ""Closer"" (Columbia Records)
3. Drake, ""Fake Love"" (Cash Money Records)
4. D.R.A.M., ""Broccoli (feat. Lil Yachty)"" (W.A.V.E. Recordings/Atlantic )
5. Rae Sremmurd, ""Black Beatles"" (Interscope Records)
6. DJ Snake, ""Let Me Love You"" (Interscope Records)
7. Ariana Grande, ""Side To Side"" (Republic Records)
8. Drake, ""Sneakin'"" (Cash Money Records)
9. Maroon 5, ""Don't Wanna Know"" (Interscope Records)
10. The Chainsmokers, ""All We Know"" (Columbia Records)
UNITED KINGDOM
1. James Arthur, ""Say You Won't Let Go"" (SME Germany)
2. Little Mix, ""Shout Out to My Ex"" (SME UK)
3. The Weeknd, ""Starboy"" (Republic Records)
4. The Chainsmokers, ""Closer"" (Columbia Records)
5. Sia, ""The Greatest"" (RCA Records)
6. Drake, ""Fake Love"" (Cash Money Records)
7. DJ Snake, ""Let Me Love You"" (Interscope Records)
8. Hailee Steinfeld, ""Starving"" (Republic Records)
9. Clean Bandit, ""Rockabye (feat. Sean Paul & Anne-Marie)"" (Atlantic Records UK)
10. Ariana Grande, ""Side To Side"" (Republic Records)
GLOBAL
1. The Chainsmokers, ""Closer"" (Columbia Records)
2. The Weeknd, ""Starboy"" (Republic Records)
3. DJ Snake, ""Let Me Love You"" (Interscope Records)
4. Major Lazer, ""Cold Water (feat. Justin Bieber & MØ)"" (Mad Decent/Def Jam)
5. Sia, ""The Greatest"" (RCA Records)
6. Maroon 5, ""Don't Wanna Know"" (Interscope Records)
7. Ariana Grande, ""Side To Side"" (Republic Records)
8. Drake, ""Fake Love"" (Cash Money Records)
9. Martin Garrix, ""In the Name of Love"" (SME Netherlands)
10. Calvin Harris, ""My Way"" (SME UK)
___",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
93037,"President-elect Donald Trump is hoping to raise approximately $65 million to $75 million to fund the activities planned for his inauguration, the New York Times reported Wednesday. Trump will allow big corporations and donors to give money for the Jan. 20 event. Trump will seek corporate donations of up to $1 million and even allow donations from political action committees on a case-by-case basis. The real estate mogul’s fund-raising total would beat President Barack Obama’s both in 2009 and 2013. In 2009, Obama’s Inaugural Committee raised a record $53 million and in 2013, $43 million.
However, Trump is planning on banning money from registered lobbyists. Restrictions on corporate donors and individuals will be much lighter. Restrictions are yet to be finalized, members of Trump’s Inaugural Committee said. Thomas Barrack Jr., who is heading the committee, said the decision to restrict funds from certain groups was “in line with the president-elect’s thoughts on ethics reform.”
In 2009, Obama had banned donations from lobbyists, political action committees and corporations, and put a cap of $50,000 on individuals. He, however, relaxed his rules for his 2013 inauguration, which followed one of the most expensive presidential campaigns in history. Corporations were allowed to donate money and the cap on individual donations was increased.
Barrack said the committee was working on finalizing plans by the end of the week adding: “It’s like putting on the Olympics in 61 days.”
Sources told the Times that the committee will launch tiered giving packages next week ranging from $25,000 to $1 million. Donors will be allowed access to events with Trump and his team based on their donations. The committee will hold two official balls, a marked decrease compared to the 10 official balls Obama attended. Trump is not expected to donate funds for the ceremony himself.
The Jan. 20 swearing-in could cost up to $200 million with tax payers taking on most of the burden. It is expected to draw a crowd of two million to three million people, beating Obama’s record of drawing an estimated 1.8 million people for his 2009 inauguration. More protests are also expected.
“It’s one of the greatest opportunities that this president has to put his fingerprints on bridging the divide,” Barrack said Wednesday.
Trump’s Presidential Inaugural Committee features many of his campaign donors as the committee’s finance vice-chairs. Conservative mega donors Sheldon and Miriam Adelson, New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, Wisconsin billionaire Diane Hendricks and California venture capitalist Elliott Broidy are some of the 17 people listed as finance vice-chairs.
Related Articles 
Adelson, Wynn Jump Aboard Trump Inauguration Team Inauguration Tickets May Be Cheap But They're Definitely Not Easy To Get",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
193358,"Three hours: That’s how long it took for Rihanna ’s first shoe for Puma  — the Creeper — to sell out when it debuted last fall and it continued to gain momentum during this year. The Fenty Puma Creeper was the  only  choice for the 2016 Shoe of the Year: The sought-after honor will be presented at the 30th annual Footwear News Achievement Awards in New York on Nov. 29. 
“In my wildest dreams, I never would have imagined an honor like Shoe of the Year,” Rihanna told FN.  “It means so much to me to make a mark like this in the shoe and sneaker industry and to have so many people share my love for the Creeper.” 
FN selects the shoe of the year based on retail sales, consumer feedback, social media prowess and overall buzz. The award has been handed out just three times: Kanye West took it home last year and accepted it in person with a heartfelt and funny 20-minute speech about his fashion rise and hit Yeezy Boost 350 sneaker with Adidas. In 2014, tennis legend Stan Smith was on hand to accept the prize for his own hot signature shoe with Adidas. 
“Shoe of the Year is the most coveted award because it truly reflects industry dominance,” said Michael Atmore, FN’s editorial director. “Like Stan Smith and Kanye West, Rihanna made a statement shoe that drove global excitement and generated huge sales. Rihanna and Puma pushed the market in a new direction with an overnight sensation that has real legs. ” 
This year, Rihanna’s Creepers have flooded Instagram feeds, caused site crashes and popped up on eBay the moment the shoes sell out. Fans of Rihanna’s bold, devil-may-care approach to fashion have scrambled to get their hands on a pair of Creepers, which have released in an array of mostly neutral colorways over the past year. But it’s not just female fans who are scooping up the style: Rihanna and Puma have also released the Creepers in men’s sizing with success. 
The Creeper — which has been worn by Cara Delevingne, Gigi and Bella Hadid and The Weeknd, among other celebrities —  is a twist on Puma’s classic styles, decked out with a Creeper-style sole. Rihanna, who serves as creative director for the athletic brand, designed the shoe with input from menswear brand Mr. Completely, which had previously made her custom Adidas and Nike sneakers. 
Since the release of the Creeper, Rihanna and Puma have dropped a laceless trainer and faux fur slides. She’s also put on two Fenty x Puma runway shows, most recently for spring ’17 at Paris Fashion Week in October . 
As Rihanna steps into the shoe spotlight, FN is also acknowledging the continued success of West and Adidas, which is why Adidas North America president Mark King will be honored with the Person of the Year award. 
Other honorees at the event, affectionately known as the Shoe Oscars, include Designer of the Year Paul Andrew, Lifetime Achievement Award winner Aldo Bensadoun and Hall of Fame inductee Linda Fargo, fashion maven at Bergdorf Goodman.  
Stay tuned for more of the 2016 winners, including Company of the Year, Brand of the Year and Style Influencer.  The FN Achievement Awards are sponsored by the Fashion Footwear Association of New York (FFANY), Footwear Distributors and Retailers of America (FDRA),  Zappos Couture and Two Ten Footwear Foundation.
Click through the gallery to see some of Rihanna’s celeb fans wearing their Creepers. 

View Slideshow More Read More If you missed Kanye West’s epic speech from last year’s Footwear News Achievement Awards, check it out below. 
 
Want More? 
Kanye West At The FNAA: Sneaking Into McQueen Show & More Inspiring Fashion Moments 
Watch Pharrell Williams’ Acceptance Speech At The 2015 FNAAs 
Deion Sanders Wows Crowd With Speech For Under Armour At FNAAs 
Robert Greenberg Shares A Lifetime Of Memories At The FNAAs 
The 13 Best Quotes From The FN Achievement Awards 2015 
FN Achievement Awards 2015: Red Carpet Arrivals 
Related stories
Zendaya and The Weeknd Launch Multi-City Pop-Up Shops 
Industry Moves: Zappos Taps Former Crocs Exec for CFO Post 
See The Weeknd in His First Ad Campaign For Puma 
Get more from FootwearNews.com : Follow us on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
65651,"This Muslim woman is providing badass self-defense lessons on social media for hijabi women Caitlin Flynn More It’s been less than two weeks since Donald Trump was elected president, but hate crimes against Muslims and other marginalized groups have already increased in a dramatic and terrifying way. Although this is a frightening time for all women, certain demographics are at a far greater risk — and that’s why it’s so inspiring that a 24-year-old Muslim woman is providing self-defense lessons on social media for hijabi women. Zee Abdulla of Chicago tells The Washington Post that she was around eight years old the first time someone spit on her for being Muslim . In her role as vice president of an organization called Deaf Planet Soul, Abdulla teaches basic self-defense classes to women — and she says that the morning after Trump was elected, she received calls from multiple Muslim women asking how to protect themselves if they are grabbed by their headscarves. Posted by Zee Abdulla on Saturday, September 19, 2015 Abdulla took immediate action — the Sunday after the election, she held a “hate crime survival seminar” with the assistance of trainer Miso Ceko of Chicago Mixed Martial Arts. Abdulla’s seminar focused on defense moves to escape a “hijab grab” and she provided the participants with information about how to report hate crimes. She posted videos of the seminar and encouraged everyone to share them widely in order to empower those who are at an increased risk of violence due to Trump’s presidency. Hijab Grab Defense: Front 
Learn to defend yourself against a bigot grabbing your hijab!In this post-election hate-crime spike, self defense is more important than ever. Practice this move until it becomes muscle memory and teach your body to react before thinking.Huge thanks to Misho Ceko and Patrick Gatbunton of Chicago MMA!www.deafplanetsoul.org/self-defense-sign-upThis video is public: please share widely, especially with our sisters in the ""redder"" states. Posted by Zee Abdulla on Tuesday, November 15, 2016 The multiple videos have already received over 3.5 million views and 57,000 shares — and Abdulla has gotten requests to teach classes all over the globe, from the United Kingdom to Nigeria. It’s incredibly tragic that a hate crime seminar is necessary in 2016, but Abdulla’s courage and refusal to stand by while her peers are harassed is inspiring and provides a powerful reminder that millions of Americans still believe that love trumps hate and we are truly stronger together.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
189171,"Cozy up to fall with this delicious cranberry cider Brittni Brown More Winter is coming. Luckily we live in a universe where there aren’t any white walkers, so we’re able to enjoy our seasons without the dramatic flair of “Game of Thrones”. Still, winter can be rough. Layered clothes make it hard to move, the wind will mess up your hair and chap your lips, and let’s not even talk about what happens when it snows. It’s tempting to handle the next few months by hunkering down inside. Unfortunately, most of us have jobs and have to go out on occasion. So, when you come back from fighting the brutal weather, we recommend making this cozy cranberry cider to keep you warm. Once you’re back from your dreadful errands, put on your favorite onesie and brew yourself a cup! This cozy cranberry cider is quick, super easy to make, and will keep you snug while you Netflix and chill the season away. It’s the perfect beverage for not getting off the couch until it’s spring again. Cozy Cranberry Cider",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
197794,"Of Course Taylor Swift Had a Star-Studded Post-CMA Awards Party Kelsey Glein Classic Taylor Swift . After making a surprise appearance at last night's Country Music Association Awards to present the Entertainer of the Year award to Garth Brooks while wearing a sexy Julien Macdonald gown that featured a thigh-high center slit and showed off her mile-long legs, the ""Wildest Dreams"" singer naturally hosted a star-studded after-party. The 26-year-old took to Instagram today to share several photos from the bash, and the guest list included country music heavyweights like Kelsea Ballerini, Morgan Evans, Elle King, and more. ""That post-show apartment hangggg,"" Swift captioned a fun group snap from the festivities. VIDEO: Taylor Swift's Style Transformation 5045453154001 She also shared a sweet 'gram of herself and Ballerini, who in turn put up a few pictures from the hangout. Earlier in the night, the pop superstar posted a snap of herself backstage with Little Big Town, whose hit song ""Better Man"" was recently revealed to have been written by Swift . ""Congratulations on CMA Vocal Group of the Year and the #1 song on iTunes @littlebigtown,"" she wrote alongside this cute image. One thing's certain: Swift's squad never seems to stop growing. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
143447,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The business dealings of all Beijing city officials' spouses and children will be investigated by the end of 2017, the official Xinhua News Agency said, as part of a push to restore party discipline and battle graft. The extended families of Communist Party cadres have become a key battleground in President Xi Jinping's war on corruption, which has punished thousands of officials since he came to power in late 2012.
Many cases of corruption have involved officials registering businesses and property under the names of relatives, allowing them to meet the letter of party guidelines while still using their influence to amass wealth.
Xi sees extravagance and corruption as an existential threat to the party, whose authority is in part predicated on its ability to spread the gains of China's growth fairly among the Chinese people.
A drive to investigate officials' business dealings will cover their spouses and children by the end of next year, Xinhua said late on Monday, citing the Beijing Organisational Department, which handles party personnel appointments.
The new regulations, originally released in May, require that nationwide business dealings be investigated. After the first city-wide audits are finished by the end of 2017, 20 percent of all Beijing cadres will have their relatives investigated in each subsequent year, Xinhua said.
Those who do not meet the regulation's standards will have to ""supervise"" their spouses and children and make them abort their business dealings, the news agency said.
Some cadres may have to quit or change positions, it added.
Xinhua did not say if parents or extended family members outside of spouses and children would be covered, and it did not say if results would be open to the public.
Currently, officials are not subject to public asset disclosure requirements. China also does not have an independent anti-corruption body, and insists the party and the government can police itself.
Xi's crackdown on corruption has moved in recent months away from the high profile officials to weeding out daily corruption at the grassroots, making almost anyone a potential target.
The drive for a clean party, referred to in official documents as ""intra-party supervision"", was the focus of a four-day meeting of senior party officials in Beijing in October, which concluded by anointing Xi as 'core' leader of the party.
Family members have also become embroiled in China's attempts to repatriate corrupt officials who have fled overseas, with the relatives of China's most-wanted abroad being lobbied to pressure the suspects to hand themselves in.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Michael Perry)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
167937,"GALT, Calif. (AP) — California is taking its fight against global warming to the farm. The nation's leading agricultural state is now targeting greenhouse gases produced by dairy cows and other livestock.
Despite strong opposition from farmers, Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation in September that for the first time regulates heat-trapping gases from livestock operations and landfills.
Cattle and other farm animals are major sources of methane, a greenhouse gas many times more potent than carbon dioxide as a heat-trapping gas. Methane is released when they belch, pass gas and make manure.
""If we can reduce emissions of methane, we can really help to slow global warming,"" said Ryan McCarthy, a science adviser for the California Air Resources Board, which is drawing up rules to implement the new law.
Livestock are responsible for 14.5 percent of human-induced greenhouse gas emissions, with beef and dairy production accounting for the bulk of it, according to a 2013 United Nations report.
Since the passage of its landmark global warming law in 2006, California has been reducing carbon emissions from cars, trucks, homes and factories, while boosting production of renewable energy.
In the nation's largest milk-producing state, the new law aims to reduce methane emissions from dairies and livestock operations to 40 percent below 2013 levels by 2030, McCarthy said. State officials are developing the regulations, which take effect in 2024.
""We expect that this package ... and everything we're doing on climate, does show an effective model forward for others,"" McCarthy said.
Dairy farmers say the new regulations will drive up costs when they're already struggling with five years of drought, low milk prices and rising labor costs. They're also concerned about a newly signed law that will boost overtime pay for farmworkers.
""It just makes it more challenging. We're continuing to lose dairies. Dairies are moving out of state to places where these costs don't exist,"" said Paul Sousa, director of environmental services for Western United Dairymen.
The dairy industry could be forced to move production to states and countries with fewer regulations, leading to higher emissions globally, Sousa said.
""We think it's very foolish for the state of California to be taking this position,"" said Rob Vandenheuvel, general manager for the Milk Producers Council. ""A single state like California is not going to make a meaningful impact on the climate.""
Regulators are looking for ways to reduce so-called enteric emissions — methane produced by bovine digestive systems. That could eventually require changes to what cattle eat.
But the biggest target is dairy manure, which accounts for about a quarter of the state's methane emissions.
State regulators want more farmers to reduce emissions with methane digesters, which capture methane from manure in large storage tanks and convert the gas into electricity.
The state has set aside $50 million to help dairies set up digesters, but farmers say that's not nearly enough to equip the state's roughly 1,500 dairies.
New Hope Dairy, which has 1,500 cows in Sacramento County, installed a $4 million methane digester in 2013, thanks to state grants and a partnership with California Biogas LLC, which operates the system to generate renewable power for the Sacramento Municipal Utility District.
Co-owner Arlin Van Groningen, a third-generation farmer, says he couldn't afford one if he had to buy and run it himself.
""The bottom line is it's going to negatively impact the economics of the California dairy industry,"" Van Groningen said of the new law. ""In the dairy business, the margins are so slim that something like this will force us out of state.""
State officials say they're committed to making sure the new regulations work for farmers and the environment.
""There's a real opportunity here to get very significant emissions reductions at fairly low cost, and actually in a way that can bring economic benefits to farmers,"" Ryan said.
___
This story has been corrected to show that New Hope Dairy has a partnership with California Biogas, not local utility.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
59309,"By Amanda Cooper LONDON (Reuters) - The International Energy Agency expects global oil consumption to peak no sooner than 2040, leaving its long-term forecasts for supply and demand unchanged despite the 2015 Paris Climate Change Agreement entering into force.
The Paris accord to cut harmful emissions seeks to wean the world economy off fossil fuels in the second half of the century in an effort to limit the rise in average world temperatures to ""well below"" 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times.
But while demand for oil to power passenger cars, for example, may drop, other sectors may offset this fall.
""The difficulty of finding alternatives to oil in road freight, aviation and petrochemicals means that, up to 2040, the growth in these three sectors alone is greater than the growth in global oil demand,"" the IEA said in its annual World Energy Outlook.
From 2020, the European Union will impose much tougher legislation to control vehicle emissions, which many expect to quickly erode use of traditional fuels such as gasoline and diesel, a major source of oil demand.
In the report, the IEA looks at three scenarios for oil supply and demand. Its central, or ""New Policies"", scenario assumes signatory countries will attempt to meet the requirements set by Paris, as well as existing environmental legislation, while its ""450 scenario"" assumes signatories will adhere to the agreement and oil demand will fall off sharply and the ""current policies"" scenario does not factor in the Paris deal.
The IEA's central scenario assumes demand will reach 103.5 million barrels per day by 2040 from 92.5 million bpd in 2015, for which India will be the leading source of demand growth and China will overtake the United States to become the single largest oil-consuming nation.
Overall, under the New Policies scenario, the IEA said it sees non-OECD oil demand growth running at the slowest pace for more than 20 years, but this would still be enough to offset a continued fall in OECD country demand, which will be tempered by policies aimed at improving vehicle fuel efficiency.
""In the New Policies Scenario, balancing supply and demand requires an oil price approaching $80 a barrel in 2020 and further gradual increases thereafter,"" the IEA said, leaving its price forecast under this scenario unchanged from last year's World Energy Outlook.
DROP-OFF IN DEMAND
The IEA's ""450 scenario"" forecasts rising use of electric vehicles and consumption of biofuels that will cut oil demand.
""In the 450 Scenario, global oil demand peaks by 2020, at just over 93 million bpd. The subsequent decline in demand accelerates year-on-year, so that by the late 2020s global demand is falling by over 1 million bpd every year,"" the IEA said.
""Oil use in passenger vehicles in the 450 Scenario falls from just under 24 million bpd to 15 million bpd in 2040, nearly 10 million bpd lower than the 2040 level in the New Policies Scenario,"" the agency said.
Without factoring in implementation of the Paris Agreement and only assuming the measures adopted by mid-2016 will apply, the IEA's ""current policies"" scenario forecasts a rise in demand to 117 million bpd by 2040.
On the supply side, in both the New Policies and 450 scenarios, the IEA expects the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to maintain its strategy of controlling output in order to support prices.
It sees a gradual decline in OPEC production out to 2040, when it expects the group's output to be around 10 percent lower than its current level of 33.8 million bpd, but says this drop will be much slower than the decline in non-OPEC production, which it expects to fall by nearly a third in this time.
In the New Policies scenario, global oil output is expected to rise to around 100.5 million bpd by 2040, from 2015's 92.5 million bpd, while under the 450 scenario, supply is expected to fall to around 71 million bpd.
In its Current Policies outlook, the IEA estimates global supply will rise to 113.6 million bpd by 2040.
""OPEC provides an increasing share, approaching 50 percent of global production by 2040 – a level not seen since the 1970s – while unconventional production more than doubles between 2015 and 2040,"" the agency said.
(Editing by David Goodman/Ruth Pitchford)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
151950,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian police detained six people on Wednesday suspected of links to a machete attack on two female police officers in August that was claimed by Islamic State. Federal prosecutors said that during searches of eight houses in and near the city of Charleroi, several weapons were seized, some of them similar to the one used in the attack. A judge was to decide later on Wednesday whether to hold the six detained people longer.
A machete-wielding Algerian man yelling ""Allahu Akbar!"" (God is greatest) seriously wounded the two policewomen before being fatally shot in Charleroi outside the city's police headquarters on a Saturday in August.
Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack by the 33-year-old man a day later. Federal prosecutors are treating the case as terrorism.
Belgium and its capital Brussels, home to European Union institutions and the headquarters of NATO, are currently on a security alert level of three out of a maximum four, denoting a ""serious, possible and probable"" threat.
(Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
129817,"Faith Hill (Photo: Noam Galai/WireImage) More Faith Hill ’s heart is aching today after burying her mother, Edna Perry, who adopted her as an infant.
“As you may have heard, my mom passed away on Sunday and was laid to rest this morning,” the country singer, who is married to Tim McGraw, shared on Instagram along with a photo of her late mom. “While this is a difficult time for our family, we rejoice in knowing that she is in Heaven and no longer suffering. Thank you all for the kind words and prayers.”
Edna, who was 80 years old, passed away at St. Dominic Hospital in Jackson, Miss. She is survived by her husband of 59 years, Ted, and Faith’s two brothers, Wesley and Steve. The obituary listed Faith by her birth name, Audrey, and Tim by his, Samuel.
Edna, who was a bank teller, and Ted, a factory worker, were raising their two biological sons when they adopted the future country superstar in 1967 when she was just days old. Speaking of her childhood to Larry King in 2006, Hill said , “I actually had a pretty amazing childhood. My family, my mom and my dad and my brothers, they are amazing, very stable, good Christian, God-fearing home, and a great small town of Star, Mississippi. I actually had a really stable childhood.”
While Faith eventually connected with her birth mom (and another brother), it was Edna and Ted whom she credited for giving her a solid foundation in life.
“I was placed into an incredible home that … basically is responsible for the way I am today and the backbone that I have in order to do this for a living, which is a crazy, sometimes unstable world that this projects,” she told King. “But the most important thing to me is about my family and that was definitely taught from my mom and dad.”
Hill also told ABC News ‘ Robin Roberts in 2011 that her parents led a simple life and encouraged her music. Last Thanksgiving, Faith sweetly shared a recipe for Edna’s Cornbread Dressing , which is “one of my favorite dishes to make,” she noted.
The Grammy winner went on to have three daughters — Gracie, Maggie, and Audrey — with McGraw, with whom she recently celebrated her 20th anniversary . And if Faith and Maggie’s recent cross-country road trip is any indication, the special bond between mom and daughters continues.
Hill and McGraw recently announced their upcoming Soul2Soul II tour. On Wednesday, he will perform at the CMA Awards.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
161618,"Prince Harry's Girlfriend Meghan Markle Stars in Special Edition of British Crime Thriller 'Anti-Social' Tina Smithers Peckham Share Prince Harry's latest love interest is about to hit the big screen. Suits actress Meghan Markle stars in the British crime thriller Anti-Social , which will be releasing its special-edition cut in North America this January. The original version enjoyed a theatrical run across the pond in 2015. Based on true events that took place in London, the gangster drama stars Markle as a high-fashion model named Kirsten, who is involved with graffiti artist and potential criminal Dee, played by Gregg Sulkin. Prince Harry, 32, confirmed his relationship with the beautiful 35-year-old earlier this month, shortly before Markle wrapped the sixth season of USA Network's drama, Suits .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
312188,"By Michelle Conlin NEW YORK (Reuters) - Continental Resources Chief Executive Harold Hamm is at the top of President-elect Donald Trump's list to serve as energy secretary, according to U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, a Trump energy adviser who confirmed he is also under consideration for the job.
""In my view, Harold Hamm has the right of first refusal,"" Cramer told Reuters in a telephone interview. ""In my view, he's likely to be asked. And, because he's a patriot and an American, he's likely to say yes.""
Hamm, 70, became one of America's wealthiest men during the U.S. oil and gas drilling boom over the past decade, tapping into controversial hydraulic fracturing drilling technology to access vast deposits in North Dakota's shale fields.
Continental spokeswoman Kristin Thomas said, ""There has never been a conversation"" between Trump and Hamm about the position. She declined to speculate on how Hamm would respond if asked to take the job.
People close to Hamm were mixed on the possibility.
""I think Harold would be great in the (Energy Secretary) job. If the president calls, I think he would do it,"" said Mike Cantrell, a former vice president of government affairs at Continental who remains close to Hamm.
Another prominent U.S. oil and gas executive who knows Hamm and asked not to be named, however, said he doubted Hamm would be willing to leave Continental and may be more interested in having a strong say in who gets the job.
Aside from Hamm and Cramer, Trump's short list for energy secretary also includes venture capitalist Robert Grady, who served as associate director for Natural Resources, Energy and Science in President George H. W. Bush's Office of Management and Budget, according to Cramer and two other sources with knowledge of the situation.
Grady did not respond to requests for comment.
If Hamm is nominated, the Oklahoman would be the first U.S. energy secretary drawn directly from the industry since the cabinet position was created in 1977, a move that would jolt environmental advocates but bolster Trump's pro-drilling energy platform.
Trump, a Republican who will take office on Jan. 20 and succeed Democratic President Barack Obama, is also working to fill other top administration jobs in the coming weeks.
SECOND TIME AROUND
Hamm addressed the Republican convention in July, calling for expanded drilling and saying too much environmental regulation threatened to limit U.S. oil production and increase the country's dependence on Middle East oil producers.
Past heads of the U.S. Department of Energy, which is charged with advancing U.S. energy security and technology, including nuclear weapons production and labs, have typically boasted a political or academic background.
Dan Eberhart, a Texas oil investor and Republican party financier who has worked with Hamm and has had conversations with the Trump campaign, said, ""I know Hamm is being seriously considered. And I know that he wants it.""
A former Capitol Hill staffer who knows both Hamm and Cramer said he thought Trump would be wise to favor the North Dakota congressman, a self-described climate change skeptic who has a history of supporting the oil, gas and coal sectors.
""Both Hamm and Cramer would be fantastic choices, but I think Cramer brings more balance and stability,"" he said, asking not to be named.
This is not the first time Hamm has been in contention for the job.
The Republican Party's presidential nominee in 2012, Mitt Romney, vetted Hamm to be energy secretary but ultimately decided against him because the two men have differing positions on renewable energy sources like wind.
Hamm made headlines in 2015 after settling a protracted divorce case and agreeing to pay his ex-wife $975 million - reported to be one of the biggest divorce settlement in history.
(Reporting By Michelle Conlin; additional reporting by Joshua Schneyer and Ernest Scheyder; editing by Richard Valdmanis and Cynthia Osterman)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
84856,"VILNIUS, Lithuania (AP) — Lithuania's parliament has approved former interior minister and police chief Saulius Skvernelis as the Baltic country's new prime minister. Ninety lawmakers voted in favor, four against while the rest either abstained or were absent during the vote Tuesday in the 141-member assembly.
Skvernelis, 46, was proposed as prime minister by the agrarian Peasants and Greens Union, which won national elections last month and agreed to form a coalition government with the Social Democrats.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
257848,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese police will extradite two fugitives from France in the second repatriation since the two countries signed an extradition treaty that came into effect in 2015, state media reported on Wednesday. Two Chinese suspects, both private businesswomen, ""are accused of fraud and using illegal means to raise funds,"" the official China Daily said, citing an unnamed official from the Ministry of Public Security.
The suspects are expected to be sent back after China negotiates an agreement with France over sharing their assets, the newspaper said. One fugitive is a businesswoman named Feng Jinfang, while the other one was unnamed in the article.
The newspaper did not state how much the two women's assets are worth.
China has asked the French authorities to help with the extradition and says it will serve as an example for other cases in Western countries, according to the official.
Chinese police repatriated a fugitive surnamed Chen from France in September, the first case since the extradition treaty came into effect. Chen was accused of taking public funds of more than 20 million yuan ($2.95 million) without authorization.
China has been pushing for increased international cooperation in its campaign to track down and repatriate corrupt officials and other citizens who moved assets overseas, often to avoid being caught in President Xi Jinping's war against graft that began when he took office almost four years ago.
Western countries besides France have so far proved reluctant to sign extradition treaties with China as rights groups say that the country does not meet international standards for the just treatment of criminals and often provides inadequate proof for crimes when sentencing.
($1 = 6.7700 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by the Beijing Newsroom and Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Michael Perry)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
175246,"SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The husband of a California mother who went missing for three weeks said his wife was covered with bruises and burns and was chained at the waist and wrists when she was found on Thanksgiving. In a written statement to ""Good Morning America"" (http://abcn.ws/2g1etbY), Keith Papini also addressed social media chatter doubting his wife's story of abduction and assault.
""Rumors, assumptions, lies, and hate have been both exhausting and disgusting,"" he wrote. ""I understand people want the story, pictures, proof that this was not some sort of hoax, plan to gain money, or some fabricated race war. I do not see a purpose in addressing each preposterous lie.""
Keith Papini has not returned several phone calls from The Associated Press seeking comment.
Shasta County Sheriff Tom Bosenko told the AP on Monday that investigators have no reason to doubt the harrowing tale told by 34-year-old Sherri Papini.
Keith Papini said his wife weighed just 87 pounds and the bridge of her nose was broken when she was tossed from a vehicle along Interstate 5 near Sacramento with her hands restrained and a bag over her head.
Her signature long, blonde hair had been chopped off.
Her husband said she used the bag to flag down help after she managed to free a hand. Since then, police have been looking for two women driving a dark-colored SUV.
Bosenko said Sherri Papini was unable to recall any details about her abduction when first questioned soon after being found. He said victims of traumatic experiences sometimes suffer from memory loss regarding the events.
""The mind can block out some of that traumatic event,"" he said.
Bosenko said it was apparent that Sherri Papini had been battered, but she was not admitted to a hospital that treated her injuries, which Bosenko declined to discuss in detail.
Papini, the mother of two young children, disappeared while jogging Nov. 2 near her home in Redding, California, about 140 miles north of Sacramento. Her husband was cleared as a suspect after passing a polygraph test.
When she was released, her face was ""covered in bruises ranging from yellow to black because of repeated beatings, the bridge of her nose broken,"" Keith Papini said in his statement.
""My Sherri suffered tremendously and all the visions swirling in your heads of her appearance, I assure you, are not as graphic and gruesome as the reality,"" he wrote.
Bosenko said the case is puzzling for a number of reasons, including motive. He said no ransom demand was made and the Papinis are of modest means
Bosenko also said he hopes to elicit a better description of the suspects, including one who is thought to be armed with a handgun.
Family members previously called Sherri Papini a ""super mom"" who would never abandon her family. Her husband reported her missing when she failed to pick up their two children from day care.
Her headphones and cellphone were found near the site where she was last seen.
""She could drop her phone, but she would never in a million years not pick up our children at the time that she normally would have,"" Keith Papini told ""Good Morning America"" before his wife was found.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
110272,"‘Walking Dead’ Star Chandler Riggs’ Mom Tries to Quash Rumors of His Exit More “The Walking Dead” star Chandler Riggs is rumored to be leaving the show to attend college, but the young actor’s mother wants fans to know that is not the case. Gina-Ann Riggs posted a photo on Instagram of a location from the hit AMC series that appears in the opening titles along with Chandler’s name. In the comments section, she addressed a fan’s concern that her son was exiting the show. “Don’t over analyze. His seven year contract is up. That’s all he was saying, nothing else. Pretty big accomplishment for a child actor (and for the parent who had to quit his job for this child to be able to follow his dream).” Also Read: 'Walking Dead' Showrunner Weighs in on Fan Theory About Daryl Using Morse Code Previously, Chandler’s father William posted a picture of his son with the caption, “Completed 7 years on TWD! #freedom #thewalkingdead.” This came on the heels of Riggs announcing that he had been accepted into Auburn University, which is in Alabama. While Auburn is not an unreasonable drive to “The Walking Dead’s” shooting locations in Georgia, it would mean Riggs would have to divide his time between his studies and his acting career. Fans have been worried that Chandler, who plays Carl Grimes, will suffer the same fate as two other main characters in the season premiere . Carl has already clashed with Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) twice, and may not survive a third time. Related stories from TheWrap:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
275819,"By Alessandra Prentice and Alexander Tanas CHISINAU (Reuters) - The pro-Russian winner of Moldova's presidential election said on Monday he would push for early parliamentary elections next year to sweep out a government that favors closer ties with the European Union.
New elections would mean yet more instability for Moldova, where a $1 billion graft scandal in 2014 badly damaged trust in pro-EU leaders and resulted in the prime minister being jailed. The impoverished country has had four premiers since then.
Igor Dodon won Sunday's election campaigning on scrapping a trade deal that the former Soviet state signed with Brussels in 2014, although some analysts and diplomats question how far he is willing to push Moldova back into Moscow's orbit.
He told Russian broadcaster Rossiya 24 in a phone interview that voters ""united and voted for friendship with Russia, for neutrality, for our orthodoxy, for the country's union"".
""A very serious combat is ahead but we are ready for this combat,"" he said, referring to an election that he wants to bring forward to next year rather than wait until 2018.
Anti-EU rhetoric proved rewarding elsewhere in eastern Europe at the weekend: a pro-Russian candidate won the presidency in Bulgaria and, on Monday, the Kremlin congratulated both Dodon and Bulgaria's Rumen Radev on their victories.
Dodon has called for a snap election before, but his call for one so soon after his victory suggests he and the government could be at loggerheads from the start of his presidency.
Moldovan presidents are more than figureheads and have the power to return laws to parliament and dissolve the assembly in certain situations, although executive and legislative power lie with the government and parliament.
On Sunday, Prime Minister Pavel Filip said the government and new president would need to work together in Moldova's best interest, and said that its path towards greater EU integration ""cannot be reversed"".
Russia imposed trade restrictions on Moldovan farming exports after it signed the political and trade agreement with the European bloc in 2014.
Dodon's Socialist party wants to scrap that agreement in favor of joining a Eurasian economic union dominated by Russia - a policy backed by many Moldovans who suffered financially from the goods embargo and a broader economic downturn.
In October, an ambassador from one EU member state, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters that Dodon had privately told diplomats his party would not jettison the EU accord.
(Additional reporting by Maria Kiselyova and Andrey Ostroukh in Moscow; Editing by Matthias Williams and Louise Ireland)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
144693,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Accused white supremacist Dylann Roof is mentally competent to stand trial for the shooting deaths of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church last year, a federal judge ruled on Friday. Roof's competency was the subject of a 16-hour hearing held behind closed doors on Monday and Tuesday. Earlier this month, defense attorneys had raised concerns for the first time about whether Roof was able to understand the nature of the proceedings against him and to assist in his defense.
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel said in an order on Friday that he had carefully considered the testimony of a renowned psychiatrist who evaluated Roof, 22, as well as arguments from lawyers.
The judge kept under seal his detailed findings about Roof's competency, saying that making them public would jeopardize the defendant's right to a fair trial.
Jury selection now will resume on Monday.
Roof faces 33 counts of hate crimes, obstruction of religion and firearms charges in the massacre at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina in June 2015.
 
(Reporting by Harriet McLeod; Writing by Colleen Jenkins; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
For more news videos visit Yahoo View , available now on iOS .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
199313,"HOBART, Australia (AP) — Veteran paceman Peter Siddle has been ruled out of the second test with a back injury, meaning Australia will likely need to make three changes to the lineup that lost the series-opening match by 177 runs to South Africa. Cricket Australia said Siddle, who has previously had a stress fracture, had aggravated his back problems. He bowled 26 overs in the second innings in Perth as the South African batsmen dominated, taking 2-62.
Jackson Bird has been drafted into the squad as injury cover. Uncapped Joe Mennie, who was 12th man in Perth, is another option to be called into the pace attack that is led by Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood.
Opener batsman Shaun Marsh broke a finger in the first test and has been ruled out of the series, while middle-order batsman Adam Voges sustained a hamstring injury while fielding.
Joe Burns and Callum Ferguson have been added to the Australia squad as potential replacements.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
230593,"Watch Fox News Anchor Bret Baier Apologize for Inaccurate Hillary Clinton Report (Video) Brian Flood Pin it Share Fox News anchor Bret Baier apologized for falsely reporting that the FBI determined Hillary Clinton’s private email server had been hacked and a separate investigation would likely result in her indictment, saying his wording “was a mistake.” “All of us who have been working this story at Fox have now circled back with our sources,” Baier said Friday morning during a “Fox News Alert.” Baier continued: “All the time, but especially in a heated election, on a topic this explosive, every word matters no matter how well sourced.” Also Read: Meet John Berman, CNN's Resident Insomniac Political Guru On Wednesday’s “Special Report,” Baier said Clinton’s private server had been hacked by “five foreign intelligence agencies.” The following day he told Brit Hume that an investigation into the Clinton Foundation would “likely” lead to an indictment of Clinton after Election Day. Both statements turned out to be inaccurate. “I was quoting from one source about his certainty that the server had been hacked by five foreign intelligence agencies,” Baier said. “As of today there still are no digital fingerprints of a breach, no matter what the working assumption is within the bureau.” As for Baier’s comments to Hume, he said, “It was a mistake. And for that I’m sorry. I should have said they will continue to build their case.”",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
330440,"Actor and activist George Takei is speaking out against the notion that internment camps for Japanese-Americans during World War II established precedent for a potential registry of Muslims in the U.S. For Takei, who spent his childhood in an internment camp, to tout this dark chapter in American history is to ignore the tragedy that took place when 120,000 people were robbed of their home, livelihood and freedom.
Takei, who rose to prominence on “Star Trek” and later connected with a new generation as a social media personality, penned an op-ed for the Washington Post on Friday criticizing Carl Higbie, a prominent Donald Trump surrogate, for suggesting that the internment would allow the president-elect to establish a database of Muslims.
“Let us all be clear: ‘National security’ must never again be permitted to justify wholesale denial of constitutional rights and protections,” Takei wrote. “If it is freedom and our way of life that we fight for, our first obligation is to ensure that our own government adheres to those principles. Without that, we are no better than our enemies.”
Trump told Yahoo News last year that he was open to a potential database for Muslim Americans. The real estate mogul distanced himself from the proposal , but this week a Trump policy adviser said the president-elect was mulling a registry for immigrants from Muslim countries.
On Wednesday, Higbie, the co-chair of the Great America PAC, told Fox News’ Megyn Kelly that Trump’s proposed registry would be legal and “hold constitutional muster.” Video of the striking exchange sparked headlines across the country.
“We did it during World War II with Japanese, which you know, call it what you will,” he said.
Kelly pushed back against the idea: “Come on, you’re not proposing we go back to the days of internment camps, I hope.”
“No, no, no, I’m not proposing that at all Megyn,” he said. “I’m just saying there is precedent for it.”
“You can’t be citing Japanese internment camps as precedent for anything the president-elect is going to do,” Kelly said.
Takei agrees with Kelly. In the Washington Post essay, he talks about how his family was forced from their home at gunpoint when he was just 5 years old to live in a horse stable near a racetrack. A few weeks later, they were sent to Arkansas’ Rohwer War Relocation Center, which was essentially a prison, complete with armed guards and searchlights.
Years later, when Takei studied government and civics at school, he came to view the internment as not just an attack on Americans of Japanese descent but also on the Constitution. Fear and prejudice had trampled over that founding document’s guarantees of due process and equal protection, he said.
Slideshow: World War II Japanese internment camps in the U.S. >>> 
“It had been a Democratic administration at the time, under Franklin D. Roosevelt, that had ordered us to the camps, proving that demagoguery and race-baiting knows no party,” he wrote.
Takei also criticized Trump for telling Time magazine that he wasn’t sure whether or not he would have supported the internment.
“I would have had to be there at the time to tell you, to give you a proper answer,” Trump said in December 2015. “I certainly hate the concept of it. But I would have had to be there at the time to give you a proper answer.”
Around the same time, Trump told ABC’s “Good Morning America” that his proposed ban on Muslims from entering the country is “no different than FDR’s solution.” 
In response to Trump and Higbie, Takei said unequivocally that greater security cannot be used to justify ethnic or religious discrimination. He said Americans cannot allow the government to become an “instrument of terror and division.”
“We cannot permit this invidious thinking, discredited by history at the cost of so much misery and suffering by innocents, to take root once again in America, let alone in the White House,” he said. “The stigmatization, separation and labeling of our fellow humans based on race or religion has never led to a more secure world. But it has too often led to one where the most vulnerable pay the highest price.”
In 1988, President Ronald Reagan — one of Trump’s professed political heroes — signed legislation apologizing to the victims of the internment camps.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
64831,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Burundi's government refused on Thursday to cooperate with a U.N. inquiry into months of political violence, saying accusations of abuses by its officials were part of a political plot. The United Nations announced the inquiry this week to identify perpetrators in the central African state, which has been riven by clashes and killings since protests erupted in 2015 against the president's decision to seek a third term.
""We are not involved in the investigation to be carried out by this commission,"" Burundi's human rights minister, Martin Nivyabandi, told journalists on Thursday.
""We are not refusing to cooperate with human rights institutions (on all matters) ... we will continue to cooperate on other issues but will not be part of the investigation.""
The United Nations released a report by independent experts in September identifying government officials suspected of ordering political opposition to be tortured or killed.
The allegations infuriated the government, who banned the three experts from Burundi. 
Nivyabandi said on Thursday that the September report was ""politically oriented"" and warned ""there are some international organizations whose goal is to destabilize some governments in Africa.""
The International Criminal Court said in April that political violence had killed about 450 people and forced hundreds of thousands to flee.
Burundi last month began the process of withdrawing from the global tribunal which was set up to try the most serious crimes when local legal structures fail.
Opponents said President Pierre Nkurunziza's decision to seek a third term violated the constitution and the terms of a peace agreement that ended a civil war in 2005.
The opposition mostly boycotted the 2015 election and Nkurunziza won a third term.
(This story was refiled to fix typo in second paragraph so date reads 2015 not 2105)
(Writing by Katharine Houreld; Editing by Andrew Heavens)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
155909,"The Zoe Report November 4, 2016 Yikes. Somehow, it’s already November, which means we’ve got to come up with some excess cash ASAP for holiday parties, travel and, of course, gifts. It seems like just yesterday we were blowing our entire emergency fund on summer excursions and itty-bitty bikinis, and our bank accounts have yet to recover. If you’re in a similar situation, don’t despair—to help you acquire some holiday savings, stat, we’ve compiled a list of 21 money tricks we suggest you adopt for the next 21 days. Note: If you don’t have a savings account, some banks will allow you to set up a sub-account, which you can simply label “holiday savings.” Or, there’s no time like the present to open a savings account (you should have one anyway)—here, NerdWallet’s favorites. In the tips and tricks listed below, when we say to “transfer” the money into this account, you can also just mentally set it aside—just make sure it goes into your savings account at the end of the 21 days! Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
153417,"Mary Berry Reteams With BBC For Brit Stately Home Show, ‘Harry Potter’ West End Play Extends Run — Global Briefs Diana Lodderhose Pin it Share Mary Berry , the beloved UK baker who recently ended her run as judge on the BBC ’s The Great British Bake Off after it was poached by Channel 4, is reteaming with the channel for a new show about Britain’s stately homes. In the new BBC One series called Mary Berry’s Secrets From Britain’s Great Houses , Berry will explore the country’s most beloved homes through the prism of food. She’ll meet present day custodians and their staff as she visits gardens, kitchens and private rooms and she’ll produce her own recipes celebrating each house’s heritage and legacy. Shine TV will produce the 6×30 series, which was commissioned by BBC Director of Content Charlotte Moore as well as Head of Commissioning, Specialist Factual and Natural History, Tom McDonald. Shine’s Tanya Shaw and Lorna-Dawn Creanor exec produce. London’s two-part stage extravaganza Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is extending its run in the West End until February 2018. Tickets for the show at the capital’s Palace Theatre are currently sold out until December 2017 but the stage show’s producers announced that a further 60,000 tickets will be released for sale on November 22 for performances from December 13, 2017 – February 4, 2018. This will be followed by regular ticket releases throughout the next year. The news comes two weeks ahead of the release of Warner Bros’ Harry Potter franchise spinoff Fantastic Beast and Where To Find Them . Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is based on an original story by J.K. Rowling, Jack Thorne and John Tiffany. Thorne wrote the script and Tiffany directs. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
32232,"Teresa Giudice, the controversial 44-year-old “Real Housewives of New Jersey” star who was released from prison early this year, just shared on social media some updates about her family while her husband, Joe Giudice, remains locked up. Based on her recent posts, the mom of two appears to be doing well despite the absence of her spouse. On Sunday, Teresa took to Instagram to share snaps straight from her daughter Grabriella’s soccer game. In the first photo , Gabrielle could be seen fully covered because the weather at the event was freezing, per the caption of the pic Giudice wrote. However, the second photo shows Gabriella ditching her black pants for her blue team uniform shorts during the official game.
When Gabriella, who turned 12 this October, is not kicking soccer balls in the field, she's attending CCD classes with her sisters, as revealed by Teresa’s other Instagram post . In the post, Teresa wrote about driving her daughters to CCD classes and grabbing a quick breakfast with her friends.
It appears that the reality star and her daughters Gia, Milania, Audriana and Gabriella are managing to get by while Joe is still serving his 41-month prison sentence at the Federal Correctional Institute in Fort Dix, New Jersey. Joe began serving his sentence last March, and Us Weekly learned in September that being separated from his family is taking a toll on him. A family friend revealed at the time that the father of four felt “miserable” because he “misses his kids so badly.”
Amid this ordeal Joe is facing, Teresa is said to be showing unwavering support for the former through regular visits and communication. “I talk to him every day, sometimes twice a day. He calls me and we email constantly throughout the day, and I see him every week,” Teresa told Extra two months ago.
Meanwhile, since the holidays are fast approaching, Teresa also recently shared what they are planning to do this Christmas. Speaking with E! News on Nov. 11, Teresa revealed that she and her daughters are spending Christmas at her brother Joe Gorga’s place. ""I'm not hosting Christmas Eve this year,"" Teresa said. ""I'm going to my brother's again, because it's just us. Being home is just kind of going to be sad, so I didn't want to be home.""
Teresa’s brother has always been a loving brother to her, so spending Christmas together sounds like a great idea for them and their families. Not only that, this could also help Joe get through his personal problem with his reportedly imminent divorce from wife Melissa Gorga, as previously revealed by Radar Online .
As both Teresa and Joe struggle with separate family problems at the moment, the bond between the brother and sister seems to have gotten stronger. Just last Saturday, Teresa shared a snap of her and her brother on Instagram and  captioned it, “Love my brother.”
View photos 
Teresa Giudice More Teresa Giudice updated fans via social media about what she and her daughters are up to lately while Joe is still in prison. Pictured: Teresa arriving at the Federal Court in Newark, New Jersey on March 4, 2014. Photo: Reuters/Eduardo Munoz 
Related Articles 
Teresa Giudice Shares Daughter Audriana's Birthday Photos Joe Giudice Lashed Out At Teresa, Kids Ahead Of Prison Departure On ‘RHONJ’ Will 'RHONJ' Stars Teresa Giudice And Jacqueline Laurita Remain Friends?",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
211598,"Ramallah (Palestinian Territories) (AFP) - A museum dedicated to Yasser Arafat, including the room where the Palestinian leader spent much of his final years under Israeli siege, will open on Wednesday ahead of the anniversary of his death. Current Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas will formally open the Yasser Arafat Museum next to the gravesite of the fighter-turned-statesman in Ramallah in the occupied West Bank.
The museum, which cost $7 million, is the first of its kind dedicated to the longtime leader, according to the Yasser Arafat Foundation.
The opening comes two days before Palestinians commemorate the 12th anniversary of his death in a hospital near Paris on November 11, 2004 from unknown causes.
On display over two floors are a range of Arafat's possessions, including the famous sunglasses he wore when addressing the United Nations in 1974.
The interactive museum also features videos and photographs of key moments in Palestinian history, some from Arafat's private collection.
The Nobel Peace Prize, which Arafat won in 1994 along with his Israeli negotiating partners Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres for the Oslo Peace Accord of the previous year, is on display too.
The final exhibit in the museum is the room where Arafat holed up after Israeli tanks surrounded his headquarters during the second Palestinian intifada or uprising.
""People will get the chance to see Yasser Arafat's legacy and history as a person and a political leader,"" museum director Mohammad Halayqa told AFP, saying the project had been years in the making.
""They will also see the main events the Palestinian cause went through in the last 100 years.""
Arafat rose to become the leader of the Palestinian movement after the creation of Israel in 1948, leading an armed struggle against it.
Decades later he disavowed violence and famously shook hands with Rabin on the White House lawn, though the peace the Oslo accords were supposed to bring never materialised.
More than a decade after his death, Arafat remains a towering figure in Palestinian culture, politics and society.
Palestinian politicians from across the political spectrum seek to present themselves as heirs to Arafat's legacy.
Palestinians accuse Israel of poisoning Arafat, a claim the Israeli government has flatly rejected.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
227107,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - A top adviser of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump lashed out at the Obama administration for failing to embrace the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), suggesting a possible policy shift when Trump takes office in January. Hong Kong's South China Morning Post said that Trump's national security adviser, James Woolsey, called the Obama's administration’s opposition to the formation of the AIIB “a strategic mistake” in a letter to the newspaper.
Woolsey wrote that he hoped the Trump response to the “One Road, One Belt” initiative would be “much warmer”.
China launched the infrastructure bank three years ago to promote economic co-operation among a corridor of countries stretching from Southeast Asia to Europe.
The AIIB was officially launched with 57 countries, including several U.S. allies, such as Britain, Australia and South Korea.
China unveiled its ‘One Road’ blueprint and the establishment of the AIIB after China was excluded from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a Pacific Rim trade deal led by the United States but which excluded China.

(Reporting by Bill Tarrant; Editing by Nick Macfie)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
59921,"CANNON BALL, N.D. (AP) — Dakota Access oil pipeline protesters will not follow a government directive to leave the federal land where hundreds have camped for months, organizers said Saturday, despite state officials encouraging them to do so. Standing Rock Sioux tribal leader Dave Archambault and other protest organizers confidently explained that they'll stay at the Oceti Sakowin camp and continue with nonviolent protests a day after Archambault received a letter from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that said all federal lands north of the Cannonball River will be closed to public access Dec. 5 for ""safety concerns.""
The Corps cited the oncoming winter and increasingly contentious clashes between protesters, who believe the pipeline could harm drinking water and Native American cultural sites, and police.
Standing Rock tribal members believe the land in which the encampment is on is owned by the Sioux through a more than century-old treaty with the U.S. government.
""We are wardens of this land. This is our land and they can't remove us,"" said protester Isaac Weston, who is an Oglala Sioux member from South Dakota. ""We have every right to be here to protect our land and to protect our water.""
The vast majority of the several hundred people fighting against the four-state, $3.8 billion pipeline have created a self-sustaining community at the sprawling camp, which is on Corps land in southern North Dakota, and have put up semi-permanent structures or brought motor homes and trailers in advance of the harsh winter.
On the unseasonably warm Saturday, people were chopping wood and setting up tents at the encampment, which is more than a mile from a Missouri River reservoir where the final large segment of the pipeline is yet to be completed due to the Corps consulting with the tribe. Authorities had set up a staging area about a mile away on a hill overlooking the site.
Dallas Goldtooth, a protest organizer with the Indigenous Environmental Network, said it is ""an atrocious example that colonization has not ended for us here as indigenous people,"" and that the government's request will escalate already rocky tensions.
Representatives from the Army Corps of Engineers didn't immediately return multiple messages Friday or Saturday seeking comment and verification of the letter. Last month, the Corps said it would not evict the encampment, which started as overflow from smaller private and permitted protest sites nearby and began growing in August.
President Barack Obama raised the possibility of rerouting the pipeline in that area earlier this month, something Kelcy Warren, CEO of Texas-based pipeline developer Energy Transfer Partners, told The Associated Press is not an option from the company's standpoint. Obama said his administration is monitoring the ""challenging situation"" but would ""let it play out for several more weeks.""
Some of the protests have resulted in violent confrontations — one woman suffered a serious arm injury last weekend — and more than 500 people have been arrested since August.
The Corps' letter, according to Archambault, said that those who stay on the land after Dec. 5 may be prosecuted, and that there'll be a free speech zone south of the river.
Archambault said Saturday that he doesn't believe the Corps will forcibly evict people from the camp, adding that the tribe is working to provide protesters protection from the elements on its reservation, which is south of the Cannonball River, but offered few details.
It's the federal government's job to peacefully close the camp because it allowed people to stay there in the first place, Gov. Jack Dalrymple said in a statement Saturday.
""Our state and local law enforcement agencies continue to do all they can to keep private property and public infrastructure free from unpermitted protest activities, and its past time that the federal government provides the law enforcement resources ... to enforce their own order to vacate,"" the Republican said.
That sentiment was echoed by Morton County Commission chairman Cody Schulz, who said county and state leaders have been seeking federal law enforcement help for months. ""It's now time for the federal government to live up to its obligations"" said Schulz.
Republican U.S. Sen. John Hoeven and Democratic U.S. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp said the protesters need to move for public safety.
""The well-being and property of ranchers, farmers and everyone else living in the region should not be threatened by protesters who are willing to commit acts of violence,"" Hoeven said in a statement Friday. He also called on the Obama administration to let work on the pipeline move forward, saying, ""this difficult situation has gone on too long and we need to get it resolved.""
Heitkamp said the Corps' order is ""a needed step to support the safety of residents, workers, protesters and law enforcement.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
284665,"All the talk was of the Republican Party’s folly, its lousy bet on a candidate who pinned his electoral hopes on a diminishing bloc of white voters – and after the party’s 2012 shellacking with Hispanic and minority voters, too. Then the election’s results came in. Now, it’s the Democrats who are urging their party’s centrist core to follow the lead of its populist wing.
""I think that the Democrats need to be Elizabeth Warren’s party, in shorthand. Bernie Sanders’ party,"" former Massachusetts Democratic Party chairman John Walsh told Boston public radio in an interview on Friday morning.
Recommended: At convention, Democrats struggle with stereotypes – of other Democrats 
For some, that’s already a foregone conclusion. 
""The coming Sanders-Warren party will advocate proposals that help communities with early education programs and the like,""  wrote New York Times columnist David Brooks on Friday , ""but that party will close off trade, withdraw from the world, close off integration with hyper-race-conscious categories and close off debate with political correctness.""
But after years of slow forging of party alliances and positions on things like trade and cultural issues, and faced with a president-elect who is deeply unpopular and even reviled among large swaths of the public, it’s unclear how drastically the party will carry out a meaningful shift in how it looks, talks, thinks and campaigns.
""In the political world, there is this obsession with party positioning,"" says David Hopkins, a Boston College professor of political science who studies political parties and elections. ""When a party loses an election, there’s all this talk about what it did wrong to lose and what it should do right to win the next. The reality is, usually a lot of that stuff doesn’t make much of a difference."" 
""The question of which party wins the next election has more to do with the performance of the incumbent, the economy, and issues that come up over the course of four years than all of these sort of navel-gazing exercises,"" he tells The Christian Science Monitor.
Trump’s success, says Dr. Hopkins, is the prime example. In 2013, Sen. Lindsay Graham (R) of South Carolina appealed to fellow Republicans to back immigration reform by warning, memorably, that if the party didn’t make inroads with Latinos, they faced a ""demographic death spiral.""
""If we don't pass immigration reform, if we don't get it off the table in a reasonable, practical way, it doesn't matter who you run in 2016,"" he said then.
There are certainly signs that the Democrats will empower the voices that have made the most impassioned pitches for revitalizing the economy for the working class. Senator Sanders (I) of Vermont is reportedly considering a run for a Senate leadership position, although it’s not clear which it would be. And signs are that the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee – a normally obscure role that was WikiLeaked into the public eye – might be Rep. Keith Ellison (D) of Minnesota, an African-American Midwesterner and the first Muslim to be elected to Congress, who also has credibility with the party's progressive wing,  according to The Washington Post . 
""The current membership of the Democratic Party in Congress has a vocal progressive segment, but it doesn’t seem like the majority,"" says Deborah Schildkraut, a political scientist at Tufts University.
""The tea party movement brought in a whole lot of new faces into Congress [for the Republicans],"" she tells the Monitor. ""If Democrats are going to move in a more progressive direction, they’re going to need new people"" to win primaries.
But as the public has gotten increasingly alienated from the political process, some say the better question is the more transcendent one, of how either political party can harness grass-roots energy to power change between elections, not just every two or four years. 
""When and where are the next Democratic and Republican Party meetings in your neighborhood? You don’t know, because neither the Democrats nor Republicans are political parties in the historical sense. Mostly they just demand we send them money and then yell at us about voting every few years,""  Jon Schwartz wrote Wednesday at the Intercept .
Decades ago, local party meetings were a regular happening, and the community ""yammered about politics for a while,"" he writes. ""Elections were the culmination of what parties did, not the starting point.... A healthy political party would foster community and provide people with concrete things to do between elections.""
Related stories
At convention, Democrats struggle with stereotypes – of other Democrats GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Minority women make big strides on Election Day Read this story at csmonitor.com 
Become a part of the Monitor community
Become a Facebook fan! Follow us on Twitter! Follow us on Google+ Link up with us! Subscribe to our RSS feeds!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
276513,"Another huge game from Ezekiel Elliott , who ran for 114 yards (5.4 YPC) and two scores while adding 95 yards and a touchdown through the air. His 83-yard TD catch was impressive, as was his game-winning run (and look at that hole). The most rushing yards ever by a rookie were 1,808 by Eric Dickerson. Elliott is currently on pace for 1,787 (with 444 receiving yards to boot) as well as 18 touchdowns. It’s hard not to consider him the No. 1 overall fantasy player at this point…The Cowboys have won eight straight after losing Week 1… Dez Bryant looks explosive again, but Dallas’ solid defense and run-heavy game plans limit the upside he once had. Ben Roethlisberger ’s huge home/road splits continue, while these two teams combined to go 0-for-6 on two-point attempts…What an exciting game, and it’s crazy the Steelers are 4-5 and losers of four straight… Le’Veon Bell totaled 134 yards with two touchdowns against a Cowboys defense that entered allowing the fewest fantasy points to running backs this season. He’s going to be an absolute monster down the stretch.
The Packers are 4-5 and play in Washington and in Philadelphia (both in primetime) over the next two weeks. They are obviously in a lot of trouble despite being in a division in which no team seemingly wants to win…However, the setup in Green Bay could hardly be better for Aaron Rodgers ’ fantasy value, as the team’s lack of a running game and beatable defense continue to result in big volume… DeMarco Murray opened the game with a 75-yard TD run followed by a touchdown pass , becoming the first running back since 1994 to rush and throw for a score in the same quarter. Murray has been nothing short of fantastic this season… Rishard Matthews is now up to six touchdowns over the past six games… Jordy Nelson saw a whopping 18 targets, but Davante Adams continues to look like Green Bay’s best wide receiver…What a game by Marcus Mariota , who got 11.3 YPA and has totaled 19 TDs over the past six contests. He’s yet to throw an interception in the red zone during his career and gets the Colts in Week 11.
Check out our latest podcast here.
Trevor Siemian looked brutal (and is likely still hurt), and the Broncos got just 2.8 YPC, but New Orleans’ defense has played better of late. Remarkably, they haven’t allowed a touchdown in the second half during any of their past four games… Michael Thomas lost two fumbles and was arguably the reason for an interception, as it was a rough day for the otherwise impressive rookie…What a finish, as this Drew Brees to Brandin Cooks connection looked like a game-winner , only to see the ensuing extra point not only miss but get returned for two points. If you happened to have the Saints’ moneyline (like myself), it was one of the tougher beats in recent memory.
The Rams/Jets game was one for the ages, with both quarterbacks combining for 5.3 YPA, although the lone touchdown was a nice play … Brandon Marshall ’s fantasy value was already much lower than expected, but the move to Bryce Petty might very well put it in the tank…I liked Lance Kendricks as a cheap DFS option this week. Oops.
Headlines of the Week: Woman Thought She Won $42.9M Jackpot, Casino Offers Steak Dinner Instead … Man “Chopped Toe Off With Bolt Cutters And Ate It” In Sheffield Store … Patient’s Fart Sparks Fire That Burns Her During Surgery … Twin Is Older Than His Brother, Despite Being Born Later … Monkeys Regain Control Of Paralyzed Legs With Help Of An Implant.
The Eagles backfield remains as unpredictable as ever, with Ryan Mathews returning to workhorse status and even Wendell Smallwood seeing 11 more carries than Darren Sproles (although the latter did tie for a team-high 10 targets). Mathews has rushed for four touchdowns over his past three games, a span in which he’s been given just 28 carries… Julio Jones played well as usual, but he suffered a brutal drop on third down with five minutes left while wide open… Zach Ertz is still searching for his first TD of the season.
Jay Cutler had one of the worst games you’ll ever see, as he managed 129 passing yards on 29 attempts if you remove a hail mary in which Cameron Meredith made a great play …That catch by Meredith was his only of the game, yet he still finished with more yards than Alshon Jeffery , who entered with one of the best matchups on paper in the league… Jordan Howard once again impressed (aside from losing a fumble), so let’s hope his injury isn’t serious…Expect Doug Martin to be something close to a feature back down the stretch.
Rob Kelley looks plenty competent and should settle in as an RB2 with Matt Jones hitting rock bottom as a healthy scratch Sunday…Crazy how absolutely worthless Jerick McKinnon has been without Adrian Peterson . Meanwhile, Matt Asiata owners have to rely on a goal-line score every week…The change in offensive coordinators hasn’t resulted in more wins for the Vikings, but it’s been huge news for Stefon Diggs owners, as he’s seen 42 targets over the past three games.
Tough loss for Carolina, who was outscored 17-0 in the fourth quarter at home despite holding Alex Smith to 4.7 YPA without a score… Cam Newton ’s TD run was highly impressive , and apparently the team isn’t going to hold back his attempts on the ground despite the recent concussion issues…Don’t worry Greg Olsen owners, Eric Berry shuts down every tight end…What a play by Marcus Peters to rip the ball from the hands of Kelvin Benjamin (although him getting a penalty by proceeding to kick the ball in the stands with 20 seconds left in a tie game wasn’t the smartest move)…Newton was 14-1 during his last 15 home games entering Sunday.
It didn’t take Blake Bortles four minutes before throwing a pick-six… Brock Osweiler led his team to victory throwing for fewer than 100 yards and getting 3.7 YPA. Crazy that Houston is 6-3. The Titans are far more dangerous in that division… DeAndre Hopkins is barely a top-35 fantasy WR right now, and it’s tough to expect much better moving forward. Apparently the Texans’ QB situation can get worse than it was last season… Allen Robinson has just 57 more yards than Marqise Lee this year on 40 more targets.
Police Blotter: Thief Breaks Into Car, Only Steals Kit Kat Bar … Man Calls 911 Asking How Many Legs An Octopus Has … Wannabe Weatherman Arrested For Starting Wildfire To Get Facebook Views … Jersey Shore Men Take Taxi To Allegedly Rob A House, Refuse To Pay Driver … Man Who Disappeared 10 Years Ago Might Have Never Left Bar.
What a meltdown by Philip Rivers , who threw four interceptions in the fourth quarter. He entered Sunday having been picked off just once during the fourth all season…The Dolphins’ improved defense and emergence of Jay Ajayi have really hurt Jarvis Landry ’s value. After averaging 11.3 targets over the first four games, he’s averaged 6.4 over five contests since… This play by Ryan Tannehill was really nice … Antonio Gates has scored in three straight games and has hit paydirt in five of his last seven contests. He’s yet to record a single catch that’s gone for 20 yards on the season.
Song of the Week: Beck – Say Goodbye
Rarely are fantasy owners disappointed when a running back scores twice and totals more than 100 yards, but it’s hard not to have expected more from David Johnson (2.9 YPC) at home against a historically bad 49ers defense during a game in which the Cardinals were 14-point favorites…I really liked J.J. Nelson this week, but it was Michael Floyd showing a pulse for the first time in a while. He hadn’t previously exceeded 65 yards in a game this season before eclipsing 100 Sunday…Gutsy performance by Larry Fitzgerald , who saw 18 targets while fighting multiple injuries… Carlos Hyde has zero catches on just one target through two games with Colin Kaepernick and is clearly not 100 percent…Kaepernick is the favorite to lead all QBs in rushing yardage from here on out.
Longread of the Week: The Connoisseur Of Pain
Sunday night’s game capped off a pretty terrific week of football, as the Pats/Seahawks saw seven lead changes and ended in yet another play at the goal line in dramatic fashion…It was a very interesting decision of Seattle to go for two up seven points with five minutes left. I personally liked it… C.J. Prosise sure looks like the new lead back in Seattle, although him continuing to get goal-line work is unlikely. Still, he could be a major difference maker down the stretch, especially in PPR formats… Russell Wilson is officially back, which is obviously great news for Doug Baldwin owners… Tom Brady threw the first interception by a Patriots QB this season and failed to record a TD…The early line for Week 11’s game is New England -14 over San Francisco, which is about as big as you’ll see in the NFL for a road team… LeGarrette Blount scored three more times (with nearly a fourth) and is up to 12 touchdowns on the season, which are the most through nine games since 2009 (and also twice the amount of receptions he has). I’ll set the over/under on Blount rushing TDs against the 49ers at 2.5.
Follow Dalton Del Don on Twitter.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
55120,"By Alex Bregman New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman spoke to Yahoo News Global Anchor Katie Couric about his new book, “Thank You for Being Late: An Optimist’s Guide to Thriving in the Age of Accelerations” and the latest on Donald Trump’s transition, including the president-elect’s fraught relationship with the New York Times. On why Trump has taken aim at the Times in particular, Friedman told Couric, “Donald Trump is a unique character, we’ve learned, in American politics. My newspaper is used to covering people in a certain way. If they don’t speak the truth fully, they’re going to call them on that. If they say certain things about different groups in our society that are offensive, they’re going to get called on that, and that’s what happened with us.” He pointed out as a columnist he has tried to balance calling Trump out, while also showing respect to his supporters. He said, “I can only speak for myself, and mine is principled engagement where he does things where I as an opinion columnist, who am entitled to have an opinion, think are the right things for the country I’m going to be supportive when he doesn’t I’m going to call him on that.” Friedman also questioned Trump’s criticism of the media, “If we’re so irrelevant, why is he so upset about us?” On Trump bypassing the media through Twitter, YouTube,and other social networks, Friedman had a word of caution: “It should be when the president speaks, people take note, but if you’re tweeting and talking and YouTubing all the time, after a while it really just starts to become ear wash for people.” On Trump’s backlash against the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Friedman told Couric, “Your job was not taken by a Mexican, it was taken by a microchip.” He continued, “The vast majority of jobs are eaten by technology.” On white nationalists celebrating Trump’s victory, Friedman had this suggestion for Trump: “The best way and the easiest way to really quash them is for Donald Trump to come out and do one of his YouTube videos and look right in the camera and say, ‘You people do not represent me. I am not connected to your values. I condemn you in the strongest possible terms, and never ever show up at one of my rallies. You are anti-American.’” Couric also asked Friedman his take on some key newsmakers. On future White House top strategist Stephen Bannon, Friedman said, “Don’t know him. Deeply troubled by what I read about him.” On Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway, Friedman said, “If I were an oil company and I had an oil spill on the coast of California, I would hire Kellyanne Conway.” He continued, “I’m awed at her ability to turn a sow’s ear into a silk purse … to turn bad news into good.” On Russian President Vladimir Putin: “Bad guy. Hold your wallet. Keep your eye on him at all times.” On former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani: “The Rudy Giuliani who was mayor I thought was an impressive mayor of New York City at an important time. I don’t recognize that current Rudy Giuliani.” On former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney: He “would be a great secretary of state in a Trump administration. I hope he goes for him.” On first lady Michelle Obama, Friedman simply said, “Gonna miss her.” On Hillary Clinton: “Her time came and went, and I think she didn’t really understand it wasn’t her time.” ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
221466,"Liverpool (AFP) - Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has urged his players to âbe coolâ after his side went top of the Premier League for the first time since he arrived at Anfield. Klopp watched Liverpool produce one of their most emphatic displays of the season as they thrashed Watford 6-1.
Sadio Mane scored twice while Philippe Coutinho , Emre Can , Roberto Firmino and Georginio Wijnaldum also got their names on the scoresheet as Liverpool produced the kind of performance that will further fuel title talk.
However, Klopp was keen to urge caution despite the fervour whipped up by the red half of Merseyside, who have not seen Liverpool win the league title since 1990.
âIf somebody thinks being one point ahead after 11 matchdays is a big sign for the rest of the season, I can't help this person, so sorry,â Klopp said.
âWe stay cool, it's the best position I can imagine, nothing else happened. We didn't speak one word that Arsenal drew against Tottenham, not one word about the possibility of being top of the table.
âThe only thing you can do is work and stay concentrated, because a lot of different things could happen in the next few weeks and months. No matter how positive they are is up to us, actually.â
Klopp insisted that the extra scrutiny on his side as they head into the international break top of the pile for the first time since May 2014 will not affect them.
- No pressure -
He added âThere is no pressure after 11 matchdays. Chelsea played yesterday, quite impressive. We saw Manchester City play Barcelona, quite impressive.
âNever write Manchester United off. Tottenham, good side. I'm not sure if I've forgotten anybody but there's a lot of really good teams around.
âYou can play a really good season and when they are better what's possible is you could be fifth or sixth and no one would be really happy.
""Stay cool, take the things like they are, play your best football and win football games. That's the only thing you can do.
âWhen I came here I asked for time, patience, belief, a lot of things. Now after 11 matchdays everybody is asking for guarantees and they are not there, there's no guarantees.
""The only thing we obviously have is a pretty good football team, let's try to use it.â
While Klopp was keen to take the sting out of any title talk, Watford manager Walter Mazzarri was happy to rank Liverpool as his favourites.
Watford have played Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United this season but Mazzarri was adamant where Liverpool are in the pecking order for Premier League title challengers.
âFrom the teams we have played against, there is no doubt they are the team I am most impressed with,â said the Italian.
âIf they continue like this, they are number one in my list for winning the Premier League.
âI am very very impressed, not only tactically but on their running, their pressing, they are really a great team.â
Watford lost goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes to a injury in the 33rd minute of the game and the Brazilian left Anfield his knee heavily strapped up, although Mazzarri does not know the extent of the blow.
âHe had a very big knock on the knee,â he added. âBut we need to check in the next days if the knee twisted and we will know in the next days.â",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
227579,"By Ian Simpson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Long-frustrated backers of statehood for the District of Columbia are pinning their hopes on a first-ever referendum on Tuesday in a long-shot bid to become the 51st U.S. state.
Invoking the colonial-era demand of ""no taxation without representation,"" supporters say becoming a state would end Washingtonians' status as second-class citizens because they lack representation in Congress.
But opponents dismiss the referendum as a ""fool's errand"" destined to fail because of partisan political hurdles and the need to amend the U.S. Constitution, a procedure accomplished only 17 times since 1789.
The District of Columbia was carved out to serve as the nation's capital, but it is not a state. Its 672,000 residents have no voting representative in the Senate or House of Representatives although they pay federal taxes, though they do have a delegate in the House.
A ""yes"" vote could help pressure the new Congress and president - either Democrat Hillary Clinton or Republican Donald Trump - to admit the District of Columbia as a new state, though even advocates admit that is unlikely anytime soon.
A ""yes"" vote would simply be an expression of public support for statehood, a non-binding measure without any legal force.
""Statehood's the only way that we can have the same rights and responsibilities as all the other citizens of the United States,"" District of Columbia Council Chairman Phil Mendelson said.
The overwhelmingly Democratic capital city was fed up with Republican lawmakers espousing the rights of states and cities to self-governance and then interfering with local issues such as abortion and marijuana legalization, Mendelson said.
""That's so antithetical to democratic principles, but that doesn't seem to bother some of these folks,"" he said.
The referendum seeks to upend the Constitution's provision giving Congress legislative control over the District of Columbia.
Voters will cast a single ""yes"" or ""no"" vote on the referendum's four parts: admission as a state, its boundaries, approval of a constitution, and guarantees of a representative form of government.
The new state would embrace the current 68-square-mile (176-square-km) district except for a core of federal property around the White House, Capitol and monument-rich National Mall.
The District Council approved the referendum unanimously, and a Washington Post poll in November 2015 showed 67 percent of residents backed statehood. The Democratic Party's national platform also supports the idea.
""If you're not part of a state, large parts of the constitution don't apply to you,"" said statehood advocate Ann Loikow.
Mayor Muriel Bowser and other statehood backers took the vote's design from the successful bid in the 1790s by Tennessee, then a federal territory, to become a state through a referendum and petition to Congress.
Supporters and skeptics say that even if the referendum passes it would face a dead end in Congress, where Republicans would oppose statehood since it would add Democratic senators and a representative to Congress.
Besides the political obstacles, Roger Pilon, a constitutional scholar at the libertarian Cato Institute, called the statehood quest a ""fool's errand"" because of constitutional obstacles.
For the District to become a state, Congress would have to propose an amendment to the Constitution, which would then have to win a two-thirds majority vote in both the Senate and the House.
Even if an amendment could win approval in both houses of Congress, it would face another big hurdle: approval by the legislatures of at least three-fourths of the 50 states.
Washingtonians have tried to achieve statehood before, but never by an up-or-down referendum. Congress ignored a statehood petition that included a constitution voters ratified in the 1980s.
The House of Representatives rejected a statehood bill in 1993, and it failed to reach a Senate vote. A constitutional amendment for voting rights in Congress fizzled in the 1980s.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Daniel Trotta and Leslie Adler)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
297750,"Neuilly-sur-Seine (France) (AFP) - Australian coach Michael Cheika says his young Wallaby side are improving ahead of Saturday's Test against France and insists results are not the main objective of the tour. With victories against Wales and Scotland already under their belt, Australia's new-look side are half-way along the road to their first tour Grand Slam since 1984 with games to come against Ireland and England.
But Cheika said the main objective of the tour is accumulating experience.
""I am hoping that over the last three weeks of the tour they continue to learn and to grow as players and as individuals,"" he told AFP.
""We know that we are being judged on the results but that is short term. You also have to take the longer view.""
He said playing a succession of matches against the best teams in Europe was a tall order for a Wallaby side in the middle of restructuring.
""That makes it 15 Tests for the year against the top-eight teams. And yes, for this new team, in the middle of their apprenticeship, it has been tough with a lot of pain and defeats.
""But the key thing is we have been improving. You learn something from each game but then you start from zero again every week.
""A lot of the players have never played in Europe and it is a great experience for the future.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
331017,"SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Two goals from Leonardo gave South Korea's Jeonbuk Motors a come-from-behind 2-1 home win over Al Ain in the first leg of the Asian Champions League final on Saturday. With Jeonbuk trailing at the Jeonju World Cup Stadium, the Brazilian intervened to give the 2006 champion a narrow advantage ahead of the second leg at 12-time UAE champion Al Ain on Nov. 26.
After a scrappy first half, Al Ain went ahead with a fierce shot from Colombia's Danilo Asprilla after 64 minutes.
Six minutes later, Leonardo curled home from outside the area.
The Brazilian fired home the winner from the spot with 14 minutes left after Mohanad Salem brought down Kim Shin-wook. It was his 10th goal of the tournament.
The winner represents Asia in the FIFA Club World Cup in Japan in December.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
329624,"Blake Lively Looks Flawless In Her First Red Carpet Appearance Since Welcoming Baby No. 2 Samantha McDonald Categories Celebrity Style From late-night-show appearances to running errands around the city, Blake Lively had one of Hollywood’s most glamorous pregnancies, always celebrating her baby bump in style. Now the actress is stepping out for the first time since giving birth to her second child less than two months ago, and we have to say she looks more stunning than ever. Wearing an all-black Lanvin dress with a plunging neckline and sheer sleeves, Blake stood out among a crowd of A-listers, including Eva Longoria, Diane Keaton and Karlie Kloss, at L’Oréal’s Women of Worth Awards in New York City. She completed the ensemble with matching nail polish and a sleek ‘do. Pregnant or not, her fashion sense never disappoints, and we’re glad to see her back on the red carpet. Photo: Getty Images",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
281983,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa's rand recovered against the dollar early on Tuesday, after slumping to a two-month low due to a stronger greenback in the wake of Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. presidential election. At 0746 GMT, the rand traded at 14.2350 per dollar, 1.27 percent firmer than Monday's close of 14.4175.
The rand hit a session low of 14.5125/dollar on Monday, its weakest level since Sept. 13, according to Thomson Reuters data, tumbling alongside currencies in emerging market peers on growing bets that Trump will ramp up spending to boost growth in the world's largest economy.
""The time is just right for a correction on emerging market currencies because these currencies have sold off very aggressively in the past week and the sell-off is not necessarily a true reflection of underlying fundamentals for these currencies,"" ETM Analytics market analyst Jana van Deventer said.
The dollar has strengthened as investors brace for stronger inflation in the United States amid expectations of expansionary fiscal polices under Trump's presidency.
Dollar strength and rising U.S. yields have fuelled capital outflows from emerging markets.
Government bonds also firmed, and the yield for the benchmark instrument due in 2026 fell 12 basis points to 9.095 percent.
The stock market also recovered, with the Top-40 index inching 0.25 percent higher while the broader all-share added 0.33 percent.
(Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by James Macharia)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
235361,"View photos
The man who sang “don’t stand so close to me” might benefit from a little closeness these days!
Music legend Sting admits he’s been dealing with hearing loss, but he’s not ready to get fitted for a hearing aid just yet.
“I’m fairly deaf. ‘What?’ is my favorite word,” Sting, 65, said during SiriusXM’s “Artist Confidential” series on Tuesday.
“I tried wearing a hearing aid, but I heard more than I wanted to hear!” he admitted. “People talk a lot of s—!”
The legendary performer stopped by the SiriusXM studios in N.Y.C. in anticipation of the Friday release of his first rock album in decades — 57th & 9th .
View photos
Sting performed a handful of new songs, while sharing the inspiration behind the project.
“My entire musical DNA is on this record,” he said.
As for the title of his new album — named for the intersection he passes on the way to and from his studio — Sting says he found meaning in his daily walk.
“Walking has always been important to me,” he said. “The binary rhythm of walking invokes narrative. 57th and 9th became this taking-stock point.
“You could write a play just by listening to people’s phone conversations on the street in New York. The energy of New York gave an urgency.”
And Sting has nothing but praise for his adopted home in the Big Apple.
“New Yorkers treat me in an even way, like, ‘Hey, Sting! I like you, I like your music.’ Or, ‘You suck!’
“They’re respectful of my privacy, but if they want to say something, they will!”
Sting is set to perform at the re-opening of the Bataclan — the historic Parisian music venue where 90 people were killed during a concert by the Eagles of Death Metal on Nov. 12.
“We have two important tasks to reconcile. First, to remember and honor those who lost their lives in the attack a year ago, and second to celebrate the life and the music that this historic theatre represents,” he said in a statement. “In doing so, we hope to respect the memory as well as the life affirming spirit of those who fell. We shall not forget them.”",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
287369,"You Have To See The Beauty Prank Taking Over The Internet Erika Stalder Pin it Share Would your S.O. be cool with it if you turned up with your eyebrows shaved? Of course, we'd all love to believe they love us for us...but you never know, right? According to BuzzFeed , 17-year-old Lizette Galvan from Fort Worth, Texas, had the genius idea to test out this theory after watching a YouTube tutorial of someone transforming into Yoda — and the results were hilarious. Here’s how it went down: With the help of a glue stick, translucent powder, setting powder, orange concealer, and full-coverage concealer, Galvan temporarily erased one of her eyebrows, then texted her guy to share the news. “'Bout to shave my brows,” she wrote. Her boyfriend responded with a simple, “Come again?” and then added, “Shave?” “Yeah, hold up,"" she typed, before sending a picture with one brow gone. Photo Courtesy: Lizette Galvan More Naturally, he didn’t believe her at first (because, denial), and typed back, “It's edited.” So she doubled down, sending him a Snap with both brows gone. Photo Courtesy: Lizette Galvan",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
331029,"‘Deadpool 2:’ David Leitch on Board to Direct More “John Wick” co-director David Leitch has been brought on board “Deadpool 2,” replacing director Tim Miller, TheWrap has learned. Leitch is best known for his stunt work, but turned in an impressive directorial debut with the 2014 Keanu Reeves action film, which he co-directed with Chad Stahelski. Leitch recently left “John Wick 2” in order to prep the Charlize Theron spy film “The Coldest City.” Leitch is represented by WME. Also Read: Inside the 'Deadpool 2' Fight Over 'Two Totally Different Movies' (Exclusive) Miller, who directed the first “Deadpool,” left the project over creative differences with star Ryan Reynolds. As TheWrap reported exclusively , Miller and Reynolds differed over the tone of the film. In initial sequel talks, Reynolds and screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick envisioned a “scrappy,” raunchy and inexpensive movie in the same vein as the first. Miller, known more for his visual flair than for the brash antics that Reynolds and his writers embraced and that fans loved, wanted a more stylish take, one that would compete with mega-budget superhero movies, insiders said. But it would have cost three times as much as the original $58 million film. Also Read: 'Deadpool 2:' Actress Shortlist for Domino Role Revealed (UPDATED) “Deadpool 2” does not currently have a release date. It was written by Reese and Wernick, and will feature popular character Domino, who, like Deadpool, is a former mercenary. The part is hotly coveted, and those who have screen-tested for it include Kelly Rohrbach, Eve Hewson , Ruby Rose, Mackenzie Davis , Lizzy Caplan , Mary Elizabeth Winstead , Sienna Miller , Sofia Boutella, Stephanie Sigman and Sylvia Hoeks. Mashable first reported this news. Related stories from TheWrap:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
275781,"Governors Awards Hands Out First Oscars Of The Season And Brings Out A Who’s Who Of Contenders Pete Hammond Pin it Share Although there was plenty of talk about Tuesday’s election in the glamorously appointed Ray Dolby Ballroom last night where the Academy Of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences handed out their 8th Annual Governors Awards , the impending presidency of Donald Trump didn’t seem to cast a pall on the proceedings. Instead, as one person put it, “i feel like we are all in a bubble here”. It was definitely a respite from the outside world as Honorary Oscars were presented to Jackie Chan , editor Anne V. Coates, documentarian Frederick Wiseman, and casting director Lynn Stalmaster. And a glittery evening it was as studios used the occasion , as usual , to trot out their serious contenders for this year’s Oscar nominations and the event also served as an important campaign stop with lots of networking going on, and a press line where star attendees were asked as much about their latest film as they were about what they thought of the night’s recipients finally getting their due. This now-annual November event serves as an official starting gun for the Oscar race, although awards season has been in full motion since Labor Day and the Fall fests. I had heard from several publicists and awards consultants that the Academy asked them to keep the “campaign” aspect in check this year and relegated to the cocktail hour, but if that was the case it didn’t work. The usual mingling and table hopping was rampant all through dinner , and I have to say the Governors Awards now rivals the Golden Globes for pure fun in that regard. How are you going to stop anyone from extolling the virtues of La La Land vs Sully vs Manchester By The Sea vs Hacksaw Ridge? C’mon this is Hollywood. But the core reason for the evening was to honor these four industry veterans who each have been in the business well over 50 years, and if anyone had any doubt that any of them were deserving they should just take a look at the four expertly assembled clip packages that spelled out the reasons this lively quartet were receiving Honorary Oscars. Once the show started in earnest after dinner all those glittery eyes in the ballroom focused on the real purpose at hand. Helen Mirren kicked it off singing the praises of each honoree and introducing Broadway star Heather Headley to sing the appropriately titled song, “The Trail We Blaze”. Casting director and Academy Governor David Rubin , who also expertly handled producing chores for this year’s Gov Awards, then stood up to offer a personal tribute to casting legend Stalmaster and noted this man had cast movies for so many of the greats including Billy Wilder, George Stevens, Blake Edwards, Norman Jewison, William Wyler and on and on, so it was probably inevitable he would become the first casting director ever to receive an Oscar. Bruce and Laura Dern came on to offer their personal memories with Laura recalling her first audition at 9 years old in front of Stalmaster, and father Bruce saying, “every movie ever made was made with a casting director. He gave everyone in my generation a reason to dare to dream”. Before Jeff Bridges came on stage to present him the statuette, he called the man who gave the Oscar winning actor his first big job (1969’s Halls Of Anger), “ a master caster”. Bridges also noted that director John Frankenheimer once told him, “if you got Lynn Stalmaster to cast your movie you have a very good chance to have a good movie”. Stalmaster, who turns 89 next week, thanked the Academy , and particularly the late director Robert Wise for giving him his start in motion pictures , 1958’s I Want To Live! which went on to earn star Susan Hayward a Best Actress Oscar. Not a bad way to start. As to his secret for success? “You never know where or when you will find the answer, and I have found the answer in some very strange places. My search for the ideal choice has led me to nearly every state in the United States, all around America,” he said adding that when The Great Escape director John Sturges sent him to Europe in 1961 on a casting expedition it also opened up the world for him. Of his many collaborations he said, “we had a lot of fun together. It was really not just serious work, but joy”. Read More Academy Film Editors Governor Michael Tronick took the microphone to talk about sitting next to fellow Editors Governor Anne Coates at Board meetings. “I realized I was sitting with editorial royalty,” he said. Nicole Kidman used the occasion to thank all editors, but particularly this one. “Anne V. Coates is not a great female editor, she is a great great editor. She is not a trailblazer for women. She is a trailblazer for all of us,” she said of this legend whose active work in her profession spans 60 years and includes everything from Lawrence Of Arabia (for which she won her first Oscar) to Fifty Shades Of Grey ( !). Richard Gere, before presenting Coates her Honorary Oscar that says “in recognition of a film editing career of remarkable breadth and exceptional collaborative achievement” , he noted that often an actor’s performance is in the hands of the editor and their idea of what the film is. “We pray that the editor understood what we were trying to do and felt the thought process of us when we were inside that character and I remember very well the day Adrian Lyne invited me to see Unfaithful and I thanked God for Anne Coates that day,” he said. 90 year old Coates came out on stage in her wheelchair and stood up to delight the crowd listing a dream list of those she has edited. “Can you imagine a job where you are actually paid to look into the eyes of George Clooney, Peter O’Toole, Richard Burton , Peter Finch, Sean Connery, Albert Finney, Clint Eastwood, Richard Gere, Daniel Craig, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Jamie Dornan? ” she said while also reeling off a list of directors from Lean to Lynch before saying “there are too many to mention and too many to upset that I didn’t mention”. She also talked about her other pride, her three children including her daughter who has followed her into the world of film editing and is now “taking all my jobs”. Academy Documentary branch Governor Rory Kennedy introduced the segment of the evening devoted to Frederick Wiseman, the legendary documentarian whose 1967 debut Titicut Follies began a career that redefined the term “cinema verite”. Sir Ben Kingsley mentioned he has made 41 films , and continues to make them well into his 80’s. “Is there anyone who has kept at it so unrelentlessly and uncompromisedly over a period of time?” he asked. Don Cheadle presented the Oscar to an obviously grateful Wiseman, who has a devoted band of filmmakers who have lobbied the Academy for years to get him this award. Finally it happened. “It is a great and wonderful recognition of the work I have been doing for over 50 years. What has kept me going is that it is fun and an adventure. Constantly working keeps me off the street, or at least on the streets that I like. I am lucky to have found work that I like and continue to be obsessed with,” he said while also thanking his family. “They recognized long ago that I am a New England Jewish puritan and let me go my errant ways.” Finally it was time for what Academy actors branch Governor Tom Hanks called “the man who puts the Chan in Chantastic”. Hanks noted that the two genres Jackie Chan works in – Martial Arts films and action comedies – have been historically under-represented at the Oscars , “but that will change if I have any pull on the Board of Governors”. He described Chan’s work , which dates back to when he was a child in 1962, as a mix between John Wayne and Buster Keaton. “How is this possible out of one man? His talents must be truly Chantastic,” he said. Co-stars Michelle Yeoh and Chris Tucker came out to offer stories of working with this star who is literally loved by billions around the world, a key reason the Academy decided to go global in honoring Chan. To watch the incredible clip reel , showing Chan’s incredible physical abilities, comic and serious, was proof positive of how they made this choice. And the man himself could not have been more exhuberant or excited on stage last night in his acceptance. “I still can’t believe I am standing here. It’s a dream. A long time ago when I watched the Oscars with my Dad, he said ‘son, you get so many movie awards around the world. When are you going to get one of these?’ ” he said emphasizing he really did want one but never thought it would happen. “Finally (Academy President) Cheryl calls. I said ‘are you sure?’. After 56 years in the film industry , making more than 200 films, after so many bones, finally this is mine.” Among fellow action stars in the room rooting him on were Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone. The evening began with remarks from Academy President Cheryl Boone Isaacs who announced a new talent initiative to begin in the Spring that will offer internships with various companies and Academy members for college students, including those from communities that haven’t gotten the chance for this kind of access. These internships will take place over a two month period in the summer and the hope is for the Academy to be sponsoring at least 50 lucky aspiring members of the industry. The Television Academy has been doing this exact kind of thing for decades and as someone who was chosen to participate in that when I was a film student in college, I can only say this is a great move for the Academy Of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences to continue their march to fostering more diversity in the business. Now, as for that OSCAR race this year , the turnout of contenders at the Governors Awards was as big, if not bigger than ever. I sat at the Focus Features table with Joel Edgerton, Ruth Negga and director Jeff Nichols of Loving, as well as Tom Ford, Aaron Taylor Johnson and Michael Shannon from their Nocturnal Animals which had its L.A. premiere the night before at the Hammer Museum. All of them seemed transfixed by the presentation to the night’s honorees. Also at the table was Universal’s Donna Langley (who told me she was thrilled with the films Focus is bringing in now) , Focus Features’ CEO Peter Kujawski and Focus Features President Robert Walak. Edgerton came straight to the Gov Awards after working in heavy prosthetic makeup on his new film Bright. “I have a 4:30AM call Sunday morning. I should have just left the makeup on,” he joked. Queen Of Katwe’s David Oyelowo came by to talk to him. Oyelowo flew in from rehearsals for his upcoming Broadway turn as Othello. Focus actually had two tables , as do many studios which fill them with Oscar contenders. Kubo And The Two Strings director Travis Knight, and A Monster Calls co-star Felicity Jones were also part of the large Focus contingent. Monster Calls director, and film fan, J.A. Bayona seemed to be like a kid in a candy store as he moved around the room spotting so many icons in the crowd. Next to us was the parent company Universal with Ron Meyer and Jeff Shell bookending Illumination’s Chris Meledandri and his Sing director Garth Jennings. They were all praising Stevie Wonder and his original song for Sing called “Faith”. The studio is clearly excited about that holiday film, as well as cash cow Illumination which delivered them a major hit in The Secret Life Of Pets this summer. Showing the importance of animation in the Oscar race, right to their left was Disney’s table with Pixar/Disney Animation chief John Lasseter talking to Lin Manuel Miranda all night. Miranda wrote seven songs for their holiday entry Moana. Walking into the room Gere passed by Hugh Grant and stopped to lavishly praise his work in 2002’s About A Boy. Simon Helberg, who co-stars with Grant (and Meryl Streep) in Florence Foster Jenkins said the Governors Awards seemed like a nice place to come “before the Apocalypse starts” . He wasn’t thrilled with the election returns you can guess. Judd Apatow , a big Trump naysayer on twitter, was as defiant as ever and promised to continue to say what he thinks. “They can’t do anything to me. I still have points in Superbad,” he told me. Amy Adams said she was thrilled about this weekend’s boxoffice for her contender , Arrival. “They say we are ‘outperforming expectations’. Anytime anyone wants to say I am outperforming anything I will take it,” she laughed. The entire Manchester By The Sea group was there too including co-star Michelle Williams who said she was astonished at all the awards buzz for her movie. “This was just a tiny little movie we made. I had no idea it would be taking me to the point where I have to wear dresses like this, ” she said pointing to her gown and the ceremonies she may be attending if all goes the way pundits are predicting. Warren Beatty and Annette Bening were there and both received praise for their respective films Rules Don’t Apply and 20th Century Women that have them both back in the Oscar conversation. Bening . along with Hanks , is an acting governor for the Academy. Nearby at the Warner Bros table Hanks and his co-pilot from Sully were holding court. Academy CEO Dawn Hudson came by to talk to her Governors Board member Hanks and get a photo. Sony Pictures Classics’ co-President Michael Barker , apparently not getting the memo about “campaigning”, was sporting an “I Love Isabelle Huppert” button in honor of his Elle star who could receive her first -ever Oscar nomination for her acclaimed performance in that film. She was having a terrific time herself, and even laughed when I suggested maybe she should wear that button. Viggo Mortensen of Captain Fantastic ,Andrew Garfield of Hacksaw Ridge, Ryan Reynolds of Deadpool, Chris Pine , Ben Foster, and Jeff Bridges of Hell or High Water, Miles Teller of Bleed For This , Mark Wahlberg of the upcoming Patriots Day were all there. The latter told me he was especially proud of that film about the tragic events at the 2013 Boston Marathon and he should be. “It’s a movie that is probably much needed at this time, no matter what side you were on,” he told me. I agree. It will be a hit when it opens wide in January after an Oscar qualifying run in December and its AFI premiere next Thursday. CBS Films head Terry Press told me she thinks it could be a “disruptor” in this year’s Oscar race. Time will tell. Naomie Harris of Moonlight, Rebecca Hall of Christine, Emma Stone of La La Land – everywhere you looked there was a contender. When I couldn’t find where my table 317 was, instead of a waiter it was Jackie and Neruda director Pablo Larrain who reached out to point me in the right direction. Dev Patel was carrying around his young Lion co-star Sunny Pawar who just had flown in from India after first being denied permission to enter the U.S. Harvey Weinstein , also at the Gov Awards, intervened with the State Department and got permission. I asked Sunny what he thought about all this Hollywood thing, but he didn’t understand English. “Just say thank you,” Patel whispered in his ear, and so he did. What a night.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
237763,"Pin it Share BELFAST, Northern Ireland (AP) — Titleholder England was drawn with inaugural champion the United States, Italy, and a European qualifier for the Women's Rugby World Cup next year. Scotland and Spain meet in Glasgow and Madrid this month to fill the fourth and last vacancy in Pool B. New Zealand, the four-time champion which failed to advance from its pool in France two years ago, was in Pool A with 2014 runner-up Canada, Wales, and the Asia-Oceania qualifying runner-up. Pool C featured host Ireland, Australia, France, and the winner between Fiji, Hong Kong, and Japan. The tournament runs from Aug. 9-26. The pool games will be in Dublin, and the playoff matches in Belfast, where the draw was staged on Wednesday. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
210705,"Jamie-Lynn Sigler Talks Going Public With Her MS Diagnosis: 'It's Been Liberating' Alex Ungerman Share Jamie-Lynn Sigler is no longer hiding her condition. The Sopranos star, who revealed in January that she's lived with multiple sclerosis for 15 years, opened up recently about what this past year has been like now that she's out in the open. ""It's been liberating,"" the 35-year-old actress told E! News on Thursday. ""I am so used to having to hide it. I'm so used to not asking for help."" EXCLUSIVE: Jamie-Lynn Sigler Back on Set After MS Diagnosis, Overwhelmed by Positive Response ""I sometimes have to remind myself, 'Oh, you don't need to be self-conscious anymore, everyone knows and it's OK to ask for someone's arm if you need something,'"" she added. ""I'm embracing it and I'm learning to ask for help, which is an important lesson, I think, for everyone."" While Sigler admitted she felt ""vulnerable and exposed,"" when she first shared her condition, the revelation has led her to ""being an advocate for the MS community."" ""It's been therapeutic for me because it's important to talk about things that are uncomfortable but they're part of our lives,"" she explained. ""And when you realize you're not alone it makes everything a lot easier."" In February, Sigler spoke to ET about the response to her MS announcement. WATCH: Jamie-Lynn Sigler Marries MLB Pro Cutter Dykstra in Palm Springs ""It's been overwhelming in a good way,"" she said. ""Everything that I feared about coming out about it has not happened. The complete opposite happened. I've been working consistently since, which is crazy."" She also shared what ultimately made her decide to go public with her health issues -- her 3-year-old son, Beau. ""He's coming towards an age where he'll be aware,"" she said. ""We'll have to have a conversation, and I don't want him to think that I had to hold anything back."" Watch the video below for more. Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
281436,"Washington (AFP) - US President-elect Donald Trump has made his first call to the leader of China, and is ""getting his arms around our foreign policy"" as he prepares to assume the leadership of the world's sole superpower, a top aide said Monday. The Republican billionaire's diplomatic foray came as US President Barack Obama was about to leave for a farewell visit to Europe to reassure worried allies about a man he once warned was ""unfit"" to lead the United States.
Ensconced at his Trump Tower headquarters in Manhattan -- a magnet of street protests -- since his shock election on November 8, Trump and his inner circle were again working Monday to shape his new administration.
More cabinet-level appointments will be rolled out this week, Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager told reporters in New York.
His first two appointments came Sunday -- onetime Republican National Committee chair Reince Priebus is his White House chief of staff, and anti-establishment media firebrand Steve Bannon will be his chief strategist.
The appointment of Bannon -- the chief of ultra-conservative Breitbart News -- has raised hackles, with Jewish and Muslim leaders expressing concerns about Bannon, who has championed the so-called ""alt-right"" perspective.
The New York real estate mogul has also spent time calling world leaders, as he begins to develop ties with America's allies -- and adversaries.
Trump, who frequently savaged China on the campaign trail and threatened to impose a 45 percent tariff on Chinese-made goods, spoke with Chinese President Xi Jinping late Sunday.
He told Xi he believes they will have ""one of the strongest relationships for both countries moving forward,"" the president-elect's transition team said early Monday.
They agreed to meet ""at an early date"" to discuss the relationship, Chinese state broadcaster CCTV said.
""Getting his arms around foreign policy"" was one of Trump's four top priorities, along with health care, immigration and taxes, as he prepares for his first 100 days as president, said Priebus.
""I see president-elect Trump being very calm and cool and collected. And prepared to lead the American people,"" said Priebus, seen as an establishment counter-weight to Bannon, on ABC's ""Good Morning America.""
- 'Unbelievably interesting' -
Trump, a 70-year-old real estate developer and reality TV star who had never run for political office, has threatened to shake up America's most important international relationships.
In the campaign, he railed against free trade agreements, called NATO obsolete, suggested that Japan and South Korea get their own nuclear weapons, and spoke admiringly of Russia's President Vladimir Putin.
Last week, he met for 90 minutes with Obama at the White House -- an ""unbelievably interesting"" conversation about the ""things that are tough right now,"" Trump told CBS's ""60 Minutes"" in an interview aired Sunday.
How much of Trump's agenda will survive the realities of governing remains an open question, but he has signalled that he intends to keep a populist edge by naming Bannon to his top team of advisors.
On the domestic front, Priebus said Trump's focus in the first 100 days would be on immigration, repealing and replacing Obama's health care reform, and legislation to cut taxes and simplify the tax code.
""Think we have an opportunity to do all of those things given the fact that we have the House and the Senate and we have an eager Congress ready to get work done,"" said Priebus.
Trump also will get to fill a vacant seat on the US Supreme Court as soon as he takes office, cementing a conservative majority that appeared to crack with the death of arch conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in February.
""The judges will be pro-life,"" Trump told CBS. ""In terms of the whole gun situation, they're going to be very pro-Second Amendment,"" he added, referring to the constitutional right to bear arms.
Trump said as many as three million undocumented immigrants with criminal records -- ""gang members, drug dealers"" -- would be deported and incarcerated.
But he conceded that the famous wall he has vowed to build on the border with Mexican may be just a fence in places.
Told that many Americans are scared, Trump said: ""Don't be afraid. We are going to bring our country back.""
Obama was due to address reporters on Monday at about 3:15 pm (2015 GMT) -- perhaps offering his own reassurances to Americans and final thoughts on the election before heading abroad.
- 'Stop it' -
Trump said he was ""saddened"" by reports of harassment of Hispanics and Muslims, and told the perpetrators: ""Stop it.""
But huge street demonstrations have continued every night in New York and other cities since a surprise election in which Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton won the popular vote but lost the all-important electoral vote.
As he seeks to calm the turbulence, Trump has softened some stances and offered assurances on others -- indicating he would keep some aspects of Obamacare and would not seek to overturn the legalization of same-sex marriage.
He also confirmed he would forgo the $400,000 salary that comes with the office of US president.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
81810,"NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks are rising in early trading Friday as the market continues a record-setting run. Trading was relatively quiet as investors returned from the Thanksgiving holiday in the U.S. Safe-play stocks like utilities and phone companies were among the biggest winners in the early going. Banks fell. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 58 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,141 at 10:10 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard and Poor's 500 index rose 5 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,210. The Nasdaq composite rose less than one point, or nearly 0.1 percent, to 5,385. Stock trading will close at 1:00 p.m. Eastern time Friday.
BROAD RALLY: Ten of 11 sectors of the S&P 500 rose in a broad rally led by utilities, which rose 1.2 percent. Utilities are up 8 percent so far this year. Energy companies fell along with the price of oil.
MORE RECORDS? The Dow and S&P 500 have risen sharply since the presidential election in anticipation that plans by President-elect Donald Trump to slash taxes, reduce regulations and spend on infrastructure will speed economic growth and corporate profits will rise. Those two major indexes have hit new all-time highs in recent days.
EUROPE'S DAY: Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.2 percent and France's CAC 40 rose 0.1 percent. Germany's DAX retreated 0.1 percent.
ASIA HIGHER: Japan's Nikkei 225 finished 0.3 percent higher. South Korea's Kospi edged up 0.2 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 0.5 percent, while the Shanghai Composite Index closed 0.6 percent higher. Stocks in Australia, Taiwan, Singapore and other Southeast Asian markets also advanced.
OIL SLIPS: Analysts said oil prices will be reacting to whether OPEC members reach an agreement on meaningful output cuts during their meeting next week. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 62 cents to $47.34 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed 73 cents to $48.27 in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar remained at a more than eight-year high against the Chinese yuan, which was trading at 6.9145 yuan per dollar. The dollar fell against the Japanese yen, to 112.99 yen from 113.69 yen, while the euro strengthened to $1.0611 from $1.0547.
BONDS: U.S. government bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.36 percent from 2.35 percent a day earlier.
___
AP Business Writer Youkyung Lee contributed from Seoul, South Korea",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
44147,"PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (AP) — Nearly 1,000 Haitian election workers are doing shifts inside a warehouse tabulating the results of presidential and legislative elections supposed to return their drifting homeland back to full constitutional order. No election results are expected to be issued by Haiti's Provisional Electoral Council before Sunday despite an apparent low turnout.
Many voter tallies reported by polling places are still being brought to the capital from districts across the mountainous country with no shortage of dilapidated roads. Election workers at schools used as polling stations worked throughout the night counting votes by candlelight and lanterns.
International and local observers on Monday gave the redo elections relatively high marks. They urged Haitian citizens to wait patiently for the official results as political factions claim victory or vote rigging.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
110653,"Bogota (AFP) - Colombia's FARC rebels called Friday for proponents of a controversial peace deal to support a single presidential candidate for elections in 2018, as the guerrillas prepare to turn to politics. Speaking a day after signing a revised peace accord that has left the country deeply divided, FARC chief Rodrigo ""Timochenko"" Londono sought to strike an alliance to protect the deal from its opponents.
The proposed coalition would bring together what would once have been unlikely bedfellows: the FARC with President Juan Manuel Santos and his allies.
Timochenko wants them to team up against opponents, led by ex-president Alvaro Uribe, who oppose the deal as too soft on the FARC.
""We have begun calling for a candidacy that gathers together all the aspirations of those who want peace and guarantees the continuity of these accords,"" Timochenko told a press conference.
""The forces that oppose peace are already campaigning for the elections... so why don't we who want peace start talking now?"" he said.
He did not name names, but one person floated as a possible candidate to succeed Santos is the government's chief negotiator in the two-year peace talks, Humberto de la Calle.
Colombia's future is hanging in the balance as Santos approaches the end of his second and final term in 2018.
Santos won this year's Nobel Peace Prize for negotiating a historic accord with the FARC, seeking to end a half-century conflict that has claimed 260,000 lives.
But after Uribe campaigned against the deal as granting impunity to war criminals, voters narrowly rejected it in a referendum last month.
The government and FARC have now signed a revised deal, which they plan to ratify in Congress -- bypassing a second referendum.
But Uribe and his Democratic Center party have vowed to fight it, setting up a heated battle that will likely spill over into the mid-2018 vote.
Launched in 1964, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), a Marxist guerrilla group, is preparing to disarm and start anew as a political party.
Uribe and his allies argue any peace deal should force former rebels to do jail time for their crimes and bar them from holding office until their sentences are up.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
272487,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump said in an interview to air on Sunday that certain areas of his promised border wall with Mexico, a key part of his White House campaign platform, could be fence instead. Asked in an interview with CBS' ""60 Minutes"" whether he would accept a fence instead of a wall, Trump said ""for certain areas I would,"" according to excerpts.
""But certain areas, a wall is more appropriate. I'm very good at this, it's called construction, there could be some fencing,"" Trump said.
During his race against Democrat Hillary Clinton, Trump repeatedly promised to make Mexico pay for the border wall, part of his plan to toughen immigration law and secure the border.
Some 60.3 million people voted for Trump in the Nov. 8 election, fewer than the 60.8 million who chose Clinton. But Trump's strong showing in swing states including Michigan meant he triumphed in the Electoral College which ultimately picks the president.
(Reporting by John Whitesides; Editing by Alan Crosby)
For more news videos visit Yahoo View , available now on iOS .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
130920,"Pin it Share ZURICH/HONG KONG (Reuters) - Customers of a Chinese-owned Liechtenstein bank are being told by unknown blackmailers they must pay a portion of their savings or face having account details sent to finance authorities and the media, a German newspaper reported on Sunday. Those targeted have accounts at Valartis Bank Liechtenstein, located in the tiny Alpine principality sandwiched between Austria and Switzerland, Bild am Sonntag reported. A majority of the Liechtenstein bank was sold by Swiss-listed Valartis Group earlier this year to Citychamp Watch & Jewellery Group Ltd, a Hong Kong-based holding company chaired by Hon Kwok Lung. A phone call and email to Valartis Bank Liechtenstein director Andreas Insam were not immediately returned. Citychamp also did not answer a phone call late Sunday in Hong Kong. Valartis Group also did not return an email seeking comment. Unknown hackers found their way into the Liechtenstein bank's system and obtained customer account information, including that of many Germans, the newspaper reported, adding politicians, actors and high net worth individuals were among Valartis Liechtenstein's customers. The hackers are demanding 10 percent of the account balances, to be paid in Internet cryptocurrency Bitcoin to help preserve anonymity, Bild reported. (Reporting by John Miller in Zurich and Farah Master in Hong Kong; Editing by Mark Potter) Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
336348,"Megyn Kelly Settles For More In The Year Of Donald Trump Lisa de Moraes Pin it Share Megyn Kelly ’s dazzling reality TV series of a career reached its zenith this week when she became the first-ever Fox News star to guest on not one but two CNN primetime programs. Kelly visited Anderson Cooper ’s show Wednesday, and Don Lemon’s on Thursday, to promote her just-released celebrity memoir Settle For More . All week the stunningly-styled Kelly, whose contract is coming up in the summer, has been showcased across the TV landscape as news audiences wait to see whether she is going to accept a change of assignment. “Love-fest” would not be overstating her two nights on CNN, whose chief Jeff Zucker recently described her as a “tremendous news anchor” for whom the news industry is now her oyster. Cooper seemed moved by her stories; Lemon told his viewers he and Kelly are BFFs. In marked contrast, the same morning she was touting her tome on ABC’s Good Morning America , her Fox News colleague Bill O’Reilly was scolding her on CBS This Morning . In answer to a question from Norah O’Donnell, O’Reilly suggested Kelly is being disloyal and making Fox News look bad in writing about the sexual harassment allegations that led to the July exit of its chief Roger Ailes . “I’m not interested in basically litigating something that is finished that makes my network look bad, OK?” O’Reilly snarled, leaning in toward O’Donnell. “I’m not interested in making my network look bad, at all. That doesn’t interest me. One. Bit.” (“I think Roger Ailes is making the company look bad,” Kelly said, flashing her million-dollar smile, when she stopped by the CBS show later in the week and was given the chance to respond.) O’Reilly took another crack at Kelly that night on The O’Reilly Factor , aka Kelly’s lead-in show: “If somebody is paying you a wage, you owe that person or company allegiance,” O’Reilly said. “You don’t like what’s happening in the workplace, go to human resources or leave,” he said, never using her name. “I’ve done that. And then take the action you need to take afterward if you feel aggrieved. There are labor laws in this country. But don’t run down the concern that supports you by trying to undermine it.” BFF Lemon, on Thursday, set her up to respond, innocently asking Kelly how she’s getting along with “the guys over at Fox” and whether it’s hard for some of the network’s older guys to have a younger woman as its rising star. “It’s like a family. You know, you’ve got your family members who you love, and then you have like the weird uncle who you just try to avoid at the Christmas dinner table,” Kelly responded pointedly. (Kelly’s book jacket describes her as host of the “top rated news show on cable.” But O’Reilly’s show averages more viewers and more viewers in the news demographic, 25-54, than does Kelly’s program. Kelly has said O’Reilly’s program is an “opinion” show.) Kelly has been careful to say, in interviews about the book, that Rupert Murdoch, who stepped in as Fox News interim CEO when Ailes bowed out, urged her to add on the chapter about her experience with Ailes and his exit. Kelly describes in the book how, earlier in her career, Ailes would call her into his office, shut the door and over the next hour or two “engage in a kind of cat-and-mouse game with me – veering between obviously inappropriate sexually charged comments (e.g. about the ‘very sexy bras’ I must have and how he’d like to see me in them) and legitimate professional advice.” This behavior, she claims, grew “more explicit and more disturbing.” In the book, Kelly sheds light on her behavior after former Fox News host Gretchen Carlson filed her sex harassment lawsuit against Ailes. Several Fox show hosts, including Greta Van Susteren and O’Reilly, came out in support of Ailes, but Kelly’s silence raised eyebrows at that time. She wrote that she kept a record of Ailes’ past behavior and shared the facts with those investigating the case, adding, “I see no point in making all of the details public.” Ailes left not long after word of that conversation with investigators became public. Ailes continues to deny all of Kelly’s allegations, and all of Carlson’s. In Settle For More (HarperCollins, 34o pages), Kelly writes about being a small-town girl from Upstate New York who struggled with middle-school bullying, the sudden death of her father at an early age, and why she traded her career as a hard-charging litigator for one as a hard-charging TV news star. Read More But it’s her dangerous encounter with the Celebrity Apprentice star-turned-45th President of the United States that’s getting all the attention. Donald Trump ran his campaign like a reality-TV show, in which he was cast as the hero, the media as the villain working in cahoots with Crooked Hillary Clinton, and middle-class white people were their victims. In Trump’s Kardashian-era campaign, Kelly carved out her own spinoff series. Sitting with CNN’s Cooper, Kelly recounted dramatically how two of his own network’s Trump surrogates, Michael Cohen and Corey Lewandowski, had threatened her in the days after she asked Trump, at the first GOP debate, to defend his demeaning descriptions of Rosie O’Donnell and other women over the years. Though more than 24 million people watched Trump respond smoothly with an O’Donnell crack that played enormously well in the hall, the notoriously thin-skinned real-estate magnate unleashed what he calls his “beautiful Twitter account” in an attack of Kelly. He also took to CNN the next night, telling Lemon, whose show, not coincidentally competes for viewers in Kelly’s 9 PM time slot, that when she’d asked the question there was “blood coming out of her – wherever.” In among harrowing details of calls to “gut her,” of body guards hired to protect her, and Fox News execs calls to Team Trump warning “If Megyn Kelly gets killed it’s not going to help your candidate,” Kelly competitively boasted to Cooper that when CNN put Trump on the air the next night “across from me, [CNN] let him go on, commercial-free for 30 minutes – and we still beat you!” In her book, Kelly writes about “one of the untold stories of the 2016 campaign”: Trump having offered journalists “gifts clearly meant to shape coverage.” “Many reporters have told me that Trump worked hard to offer them something fabulous – from hotel rooms to rides on his 757.” At length she writes of unnamed media figures who were “in the tank” for Trump, of “certain TV hosts who actually took to gaming out with Trump in advance the hits they’d have to do on him occasionally to make themselves appear unbiased,” and other egregious breaches of journalistic ethics. Those passages pack a wallop and will play well with book-buying Fox News viewers. But Kelly has taken a lot of incoming in the press for holding this damning information until after the election, when it can’t inform voters – but can sell books. Early in her TV tour, Kelly seemed to stumble when answering the charge but got better with subsequent interviews. And by the time she appeared on Cooper’s show, she answered smoothly, “journalistically, it wasn’t a hard call for me. We’re under no obligation to report our own personal experiences just because we also happen to be journalists.” As Kelly makes her appearances across the TV landscape, some have noted how full her dance card has been with ABC/Disney shows. For those keeping score, they include Good Morning America, The View and, significantly, bestowing a guest booking on Disney’s Kelly Ripa talk show Live With Kelly the morning after Trump’s historic election. Not surprisingly, the latter guest-host gig churned up record ratings for that daytime talker, placing it in the No. 1 spot for syndicated programs, ahead of Dr. Phil and Ellen . Kelly brought Ripa her biggest crowd since her former co-host Michael Strahan absconded to Good Morning America. That was a welcome ratings headline for Kelly, who had famously tried to cast herself as the Next Barbara Walters back in May, hosting a celebrity-interview sweep special, on Fox broadcast network, EP’d by Bill Geddie, who’d done same for years on all of Walters’ 10 Most Fascinating People celeb-fests. Kelly made a pilgrimage to Trump Tower to bury the hatchet and secured Trump for a kiss-and-make-up interview on the special. But the ratings were not that impressive – certainly not the kind of crowd Trump was used to getting – with 4.8 million viewers tuning in. Additionally, on Friday, ABC’s 20/20 will air an entire hour on the subject of workplace sexual harassment, including the first TV interview with Kelly’s former colleague Gretchen Carlson . On the same day Disney announced Kelly would co-host Ripa’s talk show, Fox News interim CEO Murdoch gave an interview to his Wall Street Journal , to publicly proclaim Kelly’s importance to his news network and his hopes of getting her under contract “very soon.” The article included some flattering money-is-no-object language, and a “Megan Kelly Seeks Salary North Of $20 Million In Contract Talks With Fox News ” headline. In the biz, this is known as speaking out to hold back other prospective employers. Also in that article, Murdoch sent Kelly a message with the remark, “We have a deep bench of talent, many of whom would give their right arm for her” time slot. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
229048,"The “age of cleavage” is apparently over, and we have questions Trilby Beresford More If you’ve ever felt pressure to look or dress a certain way — especially if you’re a woman — know that the December issue of Vogue UK is all about the alleged decline of cleavage . Basically, they’re referring to the fact that a ton of recent fashion trends for women are opting for high-collared , more “modest” ensembles, and that padded and push-up bras seem to be on the decline — at least for now. In the article — titled Desperately Seeking Cleavage — beauty journalist Kathleen Baird-Murray said, “The cleavage – those magnificent mounds pushed together to display sexual empowerment, to seduce, to inspire lust or even just to show off – is over, or at least, taking a well-earned break. The t*ts will not be out for the lads. Or for anyone else, for that matter.” The article definitely doesn’t condemn showing cleavage (as we say, more power to ya!); instead it’s more about how women don’t necessarily feel the need to rely on or utilize traditional or stereotypical forms of feminity to feel sexy any more. And that’s pretty good news. And let’s remember to take everything with a grain of salt. According to a Vogue UK poll, cleavage is still very groovy, baby. Is The Cleavage Over? As @KathleenBM explores the topic in #decembervogue , what's your take on covering up? https://t.co/Yk7QVcoHt8",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
143369,"MONTREAL (Reuters) - Police in Quebec secretly tracked phone calls received and made by six French-language reporters in 2013, according to press reports on Wednesday, widening a media surveillance scandal that has already sparked a furor in the Canadian province. Quebec's provincial police force, the Surete du Quebec, obtained warrants to track the journalists' calls but did not register their conversations, public broadcaster Radio-Canada reported.
The surveillance was part of an internal probe ordered by the force to find out who was behind leaks to media about a police investigation into organized crime infiltrating the province's construction industry, the Journal de Montreal newspaper reported.
Guy Lapointe, a spokesman for the Surete du Quebec, said on Wednesday night the force had looked into allegations of illegally obtained information by the journalists.
On Tuesday, Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard announced directives to better protect press freedom in the mostly French-speaking province, following reports of a separate incident where Montreal police spied on a popular columnist at newspaper La Presse by tracking his cellphone calls, texts and whereabouts.
Among the measures, the provincial government would make it harder for police to obtain a warrant to track journalists' calls, or listen in on their conversations, Quebec's Liberal government said in statement.
(Reporting by Allison Lampert; Editing by Alistair Bell and Peter Cooney)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
60487,"LOS ANGELES (AP) — Buying that perfect gift for a film buff can be a vexing task, so we went right to the heart of Hollywood to get tips on the creative ways in which some directors and stars might enchant a fellow movie lover this holiday season. DAMIEN CHAZELLE: The ""Whiplash"" and ""La La Land"" director reached back to his own filmmaking roots and recommended a Bolex camera, like the kind he used to make movies on. ""To me, that's about returning to the basics. You just put a camera on your shoulder, you go out on the street, there's no sound, you just film whatever you see,"" Chazelle said. ""Yeah, you can do it on your phone now, but I love the analog, I love the old fashioned, rusty old cameras. Maybe no one else does but I'd give them that."" Vintage Bolex cameras can run around $400 on eBay.
GUGU MBATHA-RAW: In honor of its 70th anniversary, the ""Miss Sloane"" star said she'd go with Frank Capra's ""It's a Wonderful Life.""
""For me, for Christmas, that's just the ultimate to be able to watch that movie. It's so uplifting. That would be my gift,"" she said. ""It's so beautiful, it's such a classic and as I say, it's really an inspiring story about family. I think it's lovely."" The 60th Anniversary edition is available on DVD for $17.85.
ALDEN EHRENREICH: He may only be 26 years old, but ""Rules Don't Apply"" star Alden Eherenreich, who has a passion for all things old Hollywood, said he'd buy George Stevens, Jr.'s ""Conversations with the Great Moviemakers of Hollywood's Golden Age "" and its companion book ""The Next Generation .""
""It's all these filmmakers like Fred Zinneman and William Wyler and Billy Wilder going to AFI and lecturing to people in the 60s and 70s when they're at the end of their careers. But the students they're talking to are these sort of radical hippie young college students so the conversations are really, really interesting,"" Ehrenreich said. ""It's insight into the way that people like George Cukor and John Ford work that is more contemporary than you usually get from those guys.""
ROBERT ZEMECKIS: ""I would definitely get them a library of classic cinema ... anything that the great American directors directed,"" said the ""Allied"" director. Among his favorites are Alfred Hitchcock, John Ford, Frank Capra and Stanley Kubrick. The TCM-curated FilmStruck might not be a bad first stop (from $6.99/month ).
LILY COLLINS: Collins, who also stars in ""Rules Don't Apply,"" said she likes physical gifts that can double as art. ""I have a collection of vintage film cameras and old film strips and old film reels in my apartment and I've given them as gifts if I find a really hard to find, rare one,"" she said.
LUCAS HEDGES: The ""Manchester by the Sea"" star said he'd gift some of his personal favorites, including Thomas Vinterberg's ""The Celebration ,"" as well as the John Carney musical ""Sing Street "" and its retro 80s soundtrack (available on CD and Vinyl ).
PABLO LARRAIN: It might not be the easiest on the list, but the ""Jackie"" director said his ideal gift for someone would be to arrange a screening of a silent movie with a full orchestra. ""I saw 'Metropolis' like that,"" he said. ""It was awesome.""
SIMON HELBERG: Helberg, who co-stars in ""Florence Foster Jenkins,"" thinks that one can't go wrong with The Criterion Collection.
""I feel like if I could just sit there and clear a few months to watch all of their films, I'd be a much better off, much smarter, much more cultured person,"" Helberg said.
Criterion Collection films and box sets are available for individual purchase (new releases include Blu-ray editions of ""Breathless,"" ''Punch-Drunk Love"" and ""McCabe & Mrs. Miller""), or to stream on the subscription site FilmStruck (from $10.99/month ).
___
This story corrects the spelling of Pablo Larrain.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
112395,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the trial of church shooting suspect Dylann Roof (all times local): ___
10 a.m.
Potential jurors are being questioned in the federal death penalty trial of a man charged with fatally shooting nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church.
A first panel of eight white women and two white men were called into the courtroom Monday morning for one-on-one questioning by the judge presiding over Dylann Roof's trial.
The questioning came moments after U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel ruled that Roof can represent himself on hate-crime, obstruction-of-religion and other charges. Gergel said he would reluctantly accept the 22-year-old's ""unwise"" decision, which also came against his lawyers' advice.
Police say Roof hurled racist insults at the six women and three men he's accused of killing and the three people he left alive in the June 2015 attack at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston.
___
9:40 a.m.
The white man accused of fatally shooting nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church will act as his own attorney in his federal death penalty trial.
Dylann Roof's request Monday came against his lawyers' advice, and U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel said he would reluctantly accept the 22-year-old's ""unwise"" decision.
Noted death penalty attorney David Bruck then slid over and let Roof take the lead chair. The lawyers can stand by and help Roof if he asks.
Police say Roof hurled racist insults at the six women and three men he's accused of killing and the three people he left alive in the June 2015 attack at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston.
Federal prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Roof on hate crime, obstruction of religion and other charges.
___
3:15 a.m.
Jury selection is resuming anew in the federal case of a white man on trial for fatally shooting nine black parishioners at a Charleston church last year.
Twenty-two-year-old Dylann Roof is charged with counts including hate crimes and obstruction of religion in the Emanuel AME Church shootings. It's the first of two death penalty trials he faces.
The selection process was halted Nov. 7 after Roof's lawyers questioned his ability to understand the case against him. U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel's ruling last week cleared the way for Monday's process to begin anew.
Beginning Monday, 516 potential jurors will report to the courthouse to be individually questioned by the judge. When 70 qualified jurors are picked, attorneys can use strikes to dismiss those they don't want.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
245677,"By Alex Dobuzinskis LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Leonard Cohen, rock music's man of letters whose songs fused religious imagery with themes of redemption and sexual desire, earning him critical and popular acclaim, has died at age 82, a statement on his Facebook page said.
""It is with profound sorrow we report that legendary poet, songwriter and artist, Leonard Cohen has passed away,"" a statement on the Facebook page said. ""We have lost one of music's most revered and prolific visionaries.""
The statement did not provide further details on Cohen's death, and representatives for the singer could not be reached immediately for comment. It said a memorial was planned in Los Angeles, where Cohen had lived for many years.
""R.I.P. Leonard Cohen,"" singer-songwriter Carole King said on Twitter.
Singer Roseanne Cash echoed the lyrics from Cohen's song ""Anthem"" when she said in a tweet: ""Leonard Cohen is dead. There's a crack in everything. No light yet.""
Cohen, a native of Quebec, was already a celebrated poet and novelist when he moved to New York in 1966 at age 31 to break into the music business.
Before long, critics were comparing him to Bob Dylan for the lyrical force of his songwriting.
Although he influenced many musicians and won many honors, including induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and the Order of Canada, Cohen rarely made the pop music charts with his sometimes moody folk-rock.
But Cohen's most famous song, ""Hallelujah,"" in which he invoked the biblical King David and drew parallels between physical love and a desire for spiritual connection, has been covered hundreds of times since he released it in 1984.
""Hallelujah's"" long road to mass appeal was matched by Cohen's own painstaking approach to writing it. He spent five years penning drafts, at one point banging his head on the floor of a hotel room in frustration.
THE SACRED AND PROFANE
Many of Cohen's songs became hits for other artists, including Judy Collins, who helped Cohen gain fame by recording some of his early compositions in the 1960s.
Cohen's most ardent admirers compared his works to spiritual prophecy. He sang about religion, with references to Jesus Christ and Jewish traditions, as well as love and sex, political upheaval, regret and what he once called the search for ""a kind of balance in the chaos of existence"".
His lyrics were deeply personal and at times took on an element of prayer, as in 1969's ""Bird on the Wire"" in which he sang: ""I swear by this song/And by all that I have done wrong/I will make it all up to thee.""
Cohen's other well-known songs include ""Suzanne,"" ""So Long, Marianne,"" ""Famous Blue Raincoat"" and ""The Future,"" an apocalyptic 1992 recording in which he darkly intoned: ""I've seen the future, brother/It is murder.""
The inspiration for ""So Long, Marianne"" was Cohen's longtime romantic partner and muse Marianne Ihlen, a Norwegian woman he met while living on the Greek island of Hydra in the 1960s.
A New Yorker profile of Cohen last month recounted how, after being told in July she had only a few days left to live, he emailed her: ""Well Marianne, it’s come to this time when we are really so old and our bodies are falling apart and I think I will follow you very soon.""
Two days later, he learned in an email she had died after reading his note.
Cohen toured extensively from 2008 to 2013 after being unable to collect most of a $9 million judgment against his former manager and lover, Kelley Lynch, whom he accused of draining his savings.
He released an album, ""You Want It Darker,"" just last month. But the New Yorker described him as ailing, quoting him as saying he was more or less ""confined to barracks"" in his Los Angeles residence.
MEANING AMID LOSS
Cohen's nasal voice and deep-bass, conversational vocals were criticized by some as being monotone. British musician Paul Weller once called his melancholy style ""music to slit your wrists to"".
But his work was also suffused with irony and self-deprecating humor, often touching on his relationship with fame and his reputation for romantic entanglements.
""I got this rap as a kind of ladies' man,"" Cohen told Canada's Globe and Mail in 2007. ""And as I say in one of the poems, it has caused me to laugh, when I think of all the lonely nights.""
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau described Cohen as ""a most remarkable Montrealer"" who had ""managed to reach the highest of artistic achievement, both as an acclaimed poet and a world-renowned singer-songwriter"".
Born into a Jewish family in 1934 and raised in an affluent English-speaking neighborhood of the city, Cohen read Spanish poet Federico García Lorca as a teenager, learned to play guitar from a flamenco musician and formed a country band called the Buckskin Boys.
He attended McGill University in Montreal and published his first book of poetry shortly after graduation.
Living on grant money from the Canadian government and an inheritance from his family, Cohen published in the 1960s the poetry collections ""The Spice-Box of Earth"" and ""Flowers for Hitler"" and novels ""The Favourite Game"" and ""Beautiful Losers.""
But disillusioned with his meager income, Cohen turned to songwriting and landed an audition in 1967 with John Hammond, the producer who had discovered Dylan. Hammond signed him to Columbia Records, which would remain Cohen's label for five decades.
Cohen toured widely but also sought solace in meditation, far from the public eye. For part of the 1990s, Cohen lived in a Zen Buddhist monastery in the San Gabriel Mountains just outside Los Angeles, where he handled tasks as menial as cleaning toilets.
Cohen, who never married, is survived by his daughter, Lorca, and his son, Adam.
(Additional reporting by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Catherine Evans)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
179087,"A Bride and Groom Had Their First Dance Mid-Traffic Jam alexheigl Pin it Share The 2016 award for “Most Constructive Use of a Traffic Jam” goes to Jeff and Rebecca Payne of Centerville, Ohio . On Saturday, the newlyweds were on their way to their reception when a multiple-car accident shut down the highway for two hours. (One person was taken to the hospital, and no serious injuries were reported.) But the resourceful pair decided to go ahead with their first dance out on U.S. 35, an event documented by various strangers, including videographer Levi Curby, whose footage is shown above. Need a little inspiration? Click here to subscribe to the Daily Smile Newsletter for uplifting, feel-good stories that brighten up your inbox. “#RescueThePaynes” became the hashtag surrounding the event, with posts on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram commemorating the pair’s plight. Congratulations to the Paynes! Hope the honeymoon is somewhere with less congested highways.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
173338,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Amnesty International, a strong critic of Russia's bombing campaign in Syria, will be able to return to its office in Moscow after being evicted for alleged non-payment of rent, Russia's state human rights council said on Thursday.
Staff at Amnesty's Moscow office had told Reuters on Wednesday that they arrived at work to find the locks had been changed, official seals placed over the doors and the electricity cut off.
The Moscow city government, from which Amnesty leased the premises in the Russian capital's center, said the group was behind on the rent. Amnesty said it had documents to prove it was up to date with payments.
Mikhail Fedotov, head of the Russian Human Rights Council which formally reports to the Kremlin, told Reuters he had met President Vladimir Putin and discussed the matter on Thursday.
""The lease has been restored completely. They (Amnesty) will be able to return to the office in the nearest future. Putin was informed of this."" Fedotov did not elaborate. The next working day in Russia is Monday.
John Dalhuisen, Amnesty International's Europe director, said on Wednesday the eviction might be part of an official crackdown on civil society groups that criticize the Kremlin, but he said there were other possible explanations.
Amnesty, which was founded in London, frequently criticizes the Russian authorities over what it says are human rights violations. It has, in particular, alleged that Russia and its allies have killed large numbers of civilians with air strikes on the Syrian city of Aleppo. Moscow denies this.
(Reporting by Svetlana Reiter; writing by Vladimir Soldatkin; editing by Mark Heinrich)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
330763,"Actors’ Equity Pledges Support for SAG-AFTRA’s Video Game Strike David Robb Pin it Share Actors’ Equity Association has become the latest actors union to tighten the screws on video game companies being struck by SAG-AFTRA, reminding its members that they are not allowed to accept struck voice-over work. Actor unions in England, Australia and New Zealand also have warned their members not to accept struck work. “Actors’ Equity stands in solidarity with and support of its sister union SAG-AFTRA as it fights for a fair contract for voice-over and motion-capture performers,” Equity executive director Mary McColl said in a statement. “Equity members are reminded that they cannot accept work from these employers, and they should contact Equity immediately if they are offered any such employment.” Said SAG-AFTRA president Gabrielle Carteris: “The video game corporations we’re striking have tried to sow divisions among our membership instead of returning to the bargaining table to negotiate a fair contract. Not only are SAG-AFTRA members united in this strike action, but they have the support of their union brothers and sisters from AEA. I want to thank Mary McColl and the AEA leadership for their strong support.” The key issue in the strike, which is now in its fifth week, is over residuals. The guild wants to give the companies the option of paying an upfront bonus to performers, or pay back-end residuals on successful games. The companies have steadfastly refused to include any type of residuals formula in its collective bargaining agreement. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
40316,"Vatican City (AFP) - Pope Francis declared Monday that all priests would have the right permanently to forgive abortion, seen as a significant outreach by the Catholic Church to women. ""I henceforth grant to all priests, in virtue of their ministry, the faculty to absolve those who have committed the sin of procured abortion,"" the pope wrote in an apostolic letter marking the end of the ""Year of Mercy"", which wound up Sunday.
""The provision I had made in this regard, limited to the duration of the Extraordinary Holy Year, is hereby extended,"" he wrote, making permanent a temporary measure put in place for the Vatican's jubilee year.
The 79-year-old Argentine pontiff said he had to ""restate as firmly as I can that abortion is a grave sin, since it puts an end to an innocent life"".
On Sunday, as he brought the jubilee to an end by closing the bronze-panelled Holy Door in Saint Peter's Square, Francis gave an interview in which he called abortion ""a horrendous crime"".
But he said Monday that the end of the special year did not mean the end of mercy itself, and so-called sinners must be given a chance to repent. The Catholic Church considers abortion to be a sin.
""I can and must state that there is no sin that God's mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled with the Father,"" Francis said in the letter.
""May every priest, therefore, be a guide, support and comfort to penitents on this journey of special reconciliation.""
The forgiveness stretches not only to women who have abortions but also to those who carry them out or are involved in any way.
- 'A powerful gesture' -
The watchword of mercy has meant helping the unfortunate, and welcoming outcasts back into the fold.
Francis hopes greater compassion from a more open-minded Church will not only counter xenophobia but also draw more people to the pews.
""The concession on abortion has had little practical effect in places such as the United States, where many bishops had already delegated permission to priests to forgive the sin,"" wrote Vatican expert John Allen on the Catholic Cruxnow.com website.
""But symbolically it's been interpreted as a major gesture of outreach to women,"" he said.
Church leaders in Brazil, which has the world’s biggest Roman Catholic population, welcomed the development.
""With this initiative, Pope Francis recalls the seriousness of abortion and the extraordinary strength of divine mercy to cure all human wounds,"" said Leonardo Ulrich Steiner, secretary general of the national conference of bishops.
The pope's order amounts to a ""powerful and significant gesture,"" he said in a statement.
- 'Handcrafted' mercy -
The letter, entitled Misericordia et Misera (""Mercy and Misery""), was signed by Francis at the end of a mass closing the jubilee.
Critics have said his emphasis on mercy reduces the gravity of perceived sins, but the pope said rigidly sticking to ""the level of the law is equivalent to thwarting faith and divine mercy"".
He also stressed that priests had to help members of their flock on a case by case basis, rather than using a one-size-fits-all approach to ""sinners"", saying: ""The works of mercy are 'handcrafted', in the sense that none of them is alike"".
Francis has been challenged by traditionalists over his ""flexible"" attitude to Church teachings, particularly regarding the hot-button issue of whether divorced and remarried couples should be able to receive communion.
The pontiff, who has repeatedly called for ""a poor Church for the poor"", also said in the letter that he wants the Church to celebrate a World Day of the Poor in November each year.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
55544,"VISAKHAPATNAM, India (AP) — Scoreboard on Monday at the end of the second test between India and England on the fifth day at the Dr. YSR ACA VDCA Cricket Stadium. Result: India won by 246 runs.
India, 1st innings: 455
England, 1st Innings: 255
India, 2nd Innings: 204
England, 2nd Innings
(Overnight 87-2)
Alastair Cook lbw b Jadeja 54
Haseeb Hameed lbw b Ashwin 25
Joe Root lbw b Shami 25
Ben Duckett c Saha b Ashwin 0
Moeen Ali c Kohli b Jadeja 2
Ben Stokes b Jayant Yadav 6
Jonny Bairstow not out 34
Adil Rashid c Saha b Shami 4
Zafar Ansari b Ashwin 0
Stuart Broad lbw b Yadav 5
James Anderson lbw b Yadav 0
Extras: (3lb) 3
Total: (all out) 158
Overs: 97.3. Minutes: 361.
Fall of wickets: 1-75, 2-87, 3-92, 4-101, 5-115, 6-115, 7-129, 8-143, 9-158, 10-158.
Bowling: Mohammed Shami 14-3-30-2, Umesh Yadav 8-3-8-0, Ravichandran Ashwin 30-11-52-3, Ravindra Jadeja 34-14-35-2, Jayant Yadav 11.3-4-30-3.
Umpires: Kumar Dharmasena, Sri Lanka, and Rod Tucker, Australia.
TV Umpire: Chris Gaffaney, New Zealand.
Match referee: Ranjan Madugalle, Sri Lanka.
Toss: Won by India.
Series: India leads 1-0.
Man of the match: Virat Kohli (India)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
246463,"This Studio Ghibli director is coming out of retirement and it’s a huge deal Alim Kheraj More Fans of all things animated and joyful in this life will be happy to learn that Studio Ghibili’s Hayao Miyazaki is coming out of retirement to direct one last film. Miyazaki, who directed classic Ghibli films such as the brilliant Spirited Away , the wonderfully emotive My Neighbour Totoro , and Princess Mononoke, announced his retirement in 2013. Despite this, the animator, who turned 75 this year, came out of retirement last year to create a CGI animated short, Boro the Caterpillar ( Kemushi no Boro ), for the Studio Ghibli Museum in Mitaka, Tokyo. However, now the iconic animator and director has announced his plans to return to the world of Studio Ghibli for one last film and we couldn’t be more excited! Speaking in a television special over the weekend, Miyazaki announced his plans to turn Boro the Caterpillar into a full length feature film, and it sounds wonderful. As Dazed and Confused report, Miyazaki was unhappy with the limitations of working on a short film, feeling that there was more story to tell. Described as “a story of a tiny, hairy caterpillar, so tiny that it may be easily squished between your fingers” (too cute), it’s expected that the film will take Miyazaki up to five years to make, meaning that he could be 80 when the movie is released. More In the documentary, The Man Who Is Not Done , Ghibli producer Toshio Suzuki joked about Miyazaki’s dedication to animation. “Miyazaki is a person who will keep making films until he dies,” Suzuki said. “Ghibli will continue as long as Miyazaki continues to make films.” While no official confirmation about the film has been made, Miyazaki confessed that he’d not even told his family. “I haven’t said anything to my wife yet,” he said. “When I do, though, I’m ready die in the middle (of production).” Boro the Caterpillar would mark the first feature length film Miyazaki has worked on since 2013’s World War II movie, The Wind Rises . Given the uplifting and emotional weight of Miyazaki’s films, we feel that the world is in desperate need of a new film by the iconic director and animator. We can’t wait to see what he has in store for us with Boro the Caterpillar.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
60490,"HONG KONG (AP) — Japanese shares rose Friday on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.8 percent to 18,011.79 as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country's big exporters. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.4 percent to 1,972.64 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.3 percent to 22,318.47. The Shanghai Composite slipped 0.1 percent to 3,206.64 while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 crept up 0.2 percent to 5,347.30. Benchmarks in Taiwan and Indonesia fell while Singapore's rose.
RATE HORIZON: In remarks to Congress, Yellen suggested the U.S. central bank is on track to raise interest rates when policymakers hold their final meeting of the year in December. She said the improving U.S. economy has bolstered the case for raising rates, in comments that increased certainty for investors. The Fed raised its key interest rate in December 2015 but it's still at ultralow levels that have fueled a multiyear global stock market boom. Economists forecast rates will go up by a quarter-point in December followed by two more hikes in 2017.
MARKET INSIGHT: ""The greatest uncertainties, namely the election and the Fed rate hike, were significantly reduced over the last two weeks, which gave the market a good reason to refocus on the fundamentals of economic and corporate earnings,"" said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets.
CURRENCIES: The greenback rallied on the prospect of U.S. higher interest rates. The dollar climbed to 110.60 yen — its highest since the end of May — from 110.17 yen in late trading Thursday. The euro fell to its lowest in nearly a year, sinking to $1.0597 from $1.0614.
WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average added 0.2 percent to 18,903.82. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 0.5 percent to 2,187.12. The Nasdaq composite added 0.7 percent to 5,333.97.
ENERGY: Oil extended its decline. Benchmark U.S. crude futures slid 54 cents to $44.88 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract fell 15 cents to settle at $45.42 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, slipped 43 cents to $46.69 a barrel in London.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
72736,"Phil Collins wrote “You’ll Be In My Heart” as a lullaby for Lily, which suddenly makes the song way more emotional Karen Belz Pin it Share More It’s always nice to hear the meaning behind songs we know and love, and thanks to Harry Connick Jr.’s talk show, we finally got to learn the background behind one of our favorites. Actress and model Lily Collins talked about “You’ll Be In My Heart,” the heartwarming song by her father Phil Collins, and mentioned how the song initially started out as a lullaby from when she was a baby . Released in 1999, the song was prominently featured on the soundtrack to Disney’s Tarzan . Lily, born a decade prior , was ten when the song started playing on the radio. “We grew up watching Disney shows and movies together, so that was his way of kind of being able to do it for his kids,” Lily said. “It was so special.” Knowing what we know now, the song is even more touching. Phil Collins actually composed the full soundtrack to the film, and ended up winning multiple awards. So, obviously his beautiful lyrics and music touched the lives of many. And, without a doubt, his songs definitely made Tarzan stand out from other ’90s films. Now, at the age of 27, Lily Collins is blossoming in the industry all by herself. Her new film Rules Don’t Apply opens today, and in it, she stars alongside big talents like Annette Bening, Matthew Broderick, and Warren Beatty. Beatty actually wrote and directed the movie as well, which features Collins in the role as an aspiring young actress. If Phil and Lily Collins ever wanted to collaborate on — well — anything creative in the future, we’d love to check it out!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
245795,"This startup wants to make high tech sunglasses to help blind people Daryl Lindsey Budapest-based company EVA (Extended Virtual Assistant) showed off the pair of high-tech sunnies at Lisbon’s Web Summit . The glasses have cameras embedded in the front which take written word and convert it into audio. Wearers can hear the audio through bone-conduction headphones built into the glasses’ arms. “The idea is that people with visual impairments can walk around and, as signage comes into view, it’s read out so they know where to go,” Engadget reports. “In addition, they can hold up a food package (or anything else) to eye level and say ‘recognize this’ to be told what’s in their hands.” More That sounds pretty cool to us, but there are plenty of hiccups to work out before the glasses become available to the public. According to Engadget , it isn’t yet clear how the glasses would know to read important signage without reading out every little thing a person walks by. The company says a working prototype will be available in 2017. We’ll have to check back then to know for sure if this will be a breakthrough for the seeing impaired — but fingers crossed!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
192767,"STARKVILLE, Mississippi (AP) — Nick Fitzgerald ran for 182 yards and two touchdowns and Aeris Williams added a career-high 140 yards as Mississippi State upset No. 7 Texas A&M 35-28 on Saturday. Mississippi State (4-5, 2-3 Southeastern Conference) was coming off an uninspiring 56-41 win over lower-level Samford. The Bulldogs had lost their previous three games against FBS competition.
It was an equally stunning loss for Texas A&M. The Aggies were ranked No. 4 in the first College Football Playoff rankings released Tuesday, but will now almost certainly tumble out of contention.
Mississippi State finished with 365 yards rushing. The Bulldogs' biggest drive was a grinding 14-play, 73-yard push in the fourth quarter that ended with Fitzgerald running for a 4-yard touchdown for a 35-21 lead. Mississippi State ran 10 straight running plays at one point in the drive.
Fitzgerald was 18 of 31 passing for 209 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions.
Texas A&M (7-2, 4-2) not only lost the game, but possibly its starting quarterback. Trevor Knight was knocked out of the game in the second quarter with an apparent right shoulder injury and didn't return.
Knight wasn't very effective when he was playing, completing just 5 of 14 passes for 43 yards. He also ran for 54 yards and a touchdown.
NO. 2 MICHIGAN 59, MARYLAND 3
ANN ARBOR, Michigan (AP) — Wilton Speight finished with a career-high 362 yards after accounting for three touchdowns in the first half, helping Michigan rout Maryland.
The Wolverines (9-0, 6-0 Big Ten, No. 3 CFP) scored touchdowns on all five of their drives in the first half against the overmatched Terrapins (5-4, 2-4).
Speight completed 19 of 24 passes and had a 10-yard TD run. He set a first-half school record with 292 yards passing, connecting on 13 of 16 passes before halftime. De'Veon Smith had a season-high 114 yards rushing and a career-high three TDs.
Maryland quarterback Perry Hills was knocked out of the game by Chase Winovich, who hit Hills and drove his left shoulder into the turf in the second quarter. Caleb Rowe replaced him and threw an interception on his first pass of the second half, directly toward safety Delano Hill, who had another interception later in the game.
NO. 3 CLEMSON 54, SYRACUSE 0
CLEMSON, South Carolina (AP) — Deshaun Watson threw for two touchdowns and ran for a third for Clemson before leaving with a bruised shoulder.
Tigers coach Dabo Swinney said Watson's injury wasn't serious and the team announced after halftime that the junior Heisman Trophy contender could return if needed. With the Tigers up 30-0 at the half, it was hardly necessary and Watson spent the final two quarters high-fiving teammates and chatting to coaches while Clemson improved to 9-0 for a second straight season.
Watson had 169 yards passing and 39 rushing to keep the Tigers (6-0 Atlantic Coast Conference, No. 2 CFP) on track for the ACC title game. They can clinch the ACC Atlantic Division next week against Pitt.
Syracuse (4-5, 2-3) had hoped to catch Clemson napping after the Tigers' dramatic, 37-34 win at Florida State last week. However, any upset chances left once Orange quarterback Eric Dungey was knocked out in the first-quarter following a hard hit by linebacker Dorian O'Daniel.
NO. 5 LOUISVILLE 52, BOSTON COLLEGE 7
BOSTON (AP) — Lamar Jackson ran for three touchdowns and threw for four more in three quarters to lead Louisville past Boston College.
Jackson had a 69-yard scoring run on the game's third play and added rushing TDs of 13 and 53 yards in the second half. The Heisman Trophy favorite had TD pass of 30, 44 and 10 yards out on drives of five, four and one play to give the Cardinals (8-1, 6-1 Atlantic Coast Conference, No. 7 CFP) a 28-0 lead two snaps into the second quarter.
Despite leaving the game briefly in the first half with cramps, Jackson ran 15 times for 185 yards to become the first quarterback in school history to run for more than 1,000 yards in a season. He completed 12 of 17 passes for 231 yards.
Tyler Rouse scored from 39 yards out on a screen pass from Patrick Towles to give Boston College (4-5, 1-5) its only score.
NO. 8 WISCONSIN 21, NORTHWESTERN 7
EVANSTON, Illinois (AP) — Corey Clement ran for 106 yards and a touchdown, Jazz Peavy scored on a 46-yard run and Wisconsin beat Northwestern.
Conor Sheehy forced a big fumble when he sacked Clayton Thorson with the Wildcats (4-5, 3-3 Big Ten) threatening early in the fourth quarter.
That led to Clements' 2-yard TD run that made it a 14-point game and preserved the third straight win for the Badgers (7-2, 4-2 Big Ten, No. 8 CFP). It also gave them a rare victory at Northwestern after they jumped back into the Top 10 by beating Nebraska in overtime last week.
Clement had 32 carries — three shy of his career high. Peavy's 46-yarder in the second quarter was the first rushing touchdown of his career. He also had 73 yards receiving and a 24-yard punt return.
Alex Hornibrook played most of the game and completed 11 of 19 passes for 92 yards, and the Badgers rolled up 333 yards while dominating the and time of possession (40:25-19:35).
ARKANSAS 31, NO. 10 FLORIDA 10
FAYETTEVILLE, Arkansas (AP) — Rawleigh Williams ran for 148 yards and two touchdowns to help Arkansas beat Florida for the first time since 1982.
The win is the first Southeastern Conference victory over the Gators for the Razorbacks (6-3, 2-3 SEC). They had had lost nine straight to Florida since joining the league in 1992. Arkansas' last victory over the Gators (6-2, 4-2, No. 11 CFP) came in the 1982 Bluebonnet Bowl.
Williams finished with 26 carries, topping the 100-yard rushing mark for the fifth time this season. Austin Allen added 243 yards through the air and was 15-of-26 passing with a touchdown.
Santos Ramirez returned an interception 24 yards for the opening touchdown for the Razorbacks.
NO. 11 AUBURN 23, VANDERBILT 16
AUBURN, Alabama (AP) — The injured Sean White came off the bench to throw a touchdown pass and Josh Holsey intercepted a last-minute throw to lift Auburn past Vanderbilt.
The Tigers (7-2, 5-1 Southeastern Conference, No. 9 CFP) sputtered after starting John Franklin III in place of White, who had an unspecified injury. White returned to open the second half with Auburn down 13-10, then threw a 21-yard touchdown pass to Darius Slayton and led two field goal drives.
The win coupled with Mississippi State's upset of No. 7 Texas A&M means Auburn can win the SEC West with victories over Georgia and No. 1 Alabama.
Vandy (4-5, 1-4) stayed alive into the final minute against the 26-point favorites thanks to Caleb Scott's 29-yard catch of a tipped ball on fourth-and-18. The Commodores moved to Auburn's 30 before Holsey's interception put it away.
TCU 62, NO. 13 BAYLOR 22
WACO, Texas (AP) — Kyle Hicks ran for a career-high 192 yards and five touchdowns for TCU.
Baylor's worst loss home loss since 2005 came on a day when the Bears wore all-black uniforms, as selected by the seniors, and there were black T-shirts sold outside supporting former coach Art Briles.
The Bears (6-2, 3-2 Big 12, No. 17 CFP) have lost consecutive games since a 6-0 start. TCU (5-4, 3-3) entered the game after losing back-to-back games for the first time since 2013.
Hicks' five TD were one short of LaDainian Tomlinson's school record set in November 1999, when he ran for 406 yards against UTEP in what was then the single-game major college record.
NO. 18 NORTH CAROLINA 48, GEORGIA TECH 20
CHAPEL HILL, North Carolina (AP) — Elijah Hood ran for 168 yards and three touchdowns for North Carolina.
The Tar Heels (7-2, 5-1 Atlantic Coast Conference, No. 21 CFP) piled up 636 total yards. They had a season-high 283 on the ground and scored the game's final 21 points.
Mitch Trubisky passed for 329 yards and a touchdown as North Carolina beat Georgia Tech for the third consecutive year — the first time that's happened since 1992-94.
Justin Thomas passed for 184 yards and a touchdown for the Yellow Jackets (5-4, 2-4). He also rushed for 82 yards before suffering an upper-body injury in the third quarter. Dedrick Mills rushed for 132 yards and a touchdown for Georgia Tech.
NO. 22 OKLAHOMA STATE 43, KANSAS STATE 37
MANHATTAN, Kansas (AP) — Mason Rudolph threw for 457 yards and five touchdowns, Chris Carson provided the go-ahead score and Oklahoma State picked off Jesse Ertz's pass to the end zone on the final play.
The Cowboys (7-2, 5-1, No. 18 CFP) kept their Big 12 title hopes alive thanks to a critical stop on third-and-inches early in the fourth quarter. They trailed 37-28 at that point, and an 82-yard touchdown pass from Rudolph to James Washington, and Carson's 17-yard scoring run wiped that away.
Kansas State (5-4, 3-3) got the ball back with 1:39 left and quickly marched downfield. But after converting on fourth-and-5 to remain alive, an offensive pass interference penalty pushed them back to the 13 with 4 seconds to go. Ertz's wobbler was picked off by Jordan Sterns to end the game.
Jesse Ertz ran for 153 yards and three touchdowns, but he was just 12 of 18 for 87 yards through the air, as the Wildcats finished with 345 yards rushing. Duke Shelley returned an interception for a TD.
NO. 23 VIRGINIA TECH 24, DUKE 21
DURHAM, North Carolina (AP) — Adonis Alexander returned a blocked field goal 75 yards for a touchdown as Virginia Tech held off Duke to remain in control of the ACC's Coastal Division race.
Travon McMillian ran 14 yards for a TD and Jerod Evans passed for 192 yards and scored on a 7-yard run, carrying three Duke defenders along for the ride, for the Hokies (7-2, 5-1, No. 19 CFP).
Daniel Jones pulled Duke within three points with his second touchdown run of the game, a 2-yarder with 7:10 to play. The Blue Devils got the ball back with 5:55 remaining after forcing a three-and-out, but that drive netted just 21 yards before they punted back to the Hokies. Virginia Tech then ran out the final 4:06, with Evans converting the game-sealing third-and-3 with less than 2 minutes to go.
Duke (3-6, 0-5) has lost three straight and is 1-4 since upsetting Notre Dame.
NO. 25 WASHINGTON STATE 69, ARIZONA 7
PULLMAN, Washington (AP) — Luke Falk threw for 311 yards and four touchdowns and Washington State beat Arizona for its seventh consecutive victory.
Washington State (7-2, 6-0 Pac-12, No. 25 CFP) had its highest points total since 1997 and the most ever against a Pac-12 opponent. The Cougars hadn't won seven straight games since 2002.
Arizona (2-7, 0-6), which has lost six games in a row, struggled on offense behind quarterbacks Brandon Dawkins, Anu Solomon and Khalil Tate. They combined to complete 11 of 23 passes for 128 yards, with one touchdown and two interceptions.
Washington State scored on its first six possessions for a 38-7 lead at halftime.
Falk, who was relieved late in the third quarter by Tyler Hilinski, completed 32 of 35 passes.
Washington State piled up 614 yards of offense while limiting Arizona to 286 yards.
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
229855,"China Approves New Cybersecurity Law Patrick Frater Pin it Share China ’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee has given approval to a controversial new cybersecurity law. The law restricts online commentary, requires user identification, and obliges foreign companies to participate in protection of national security. It comes into effect in June next year. Companies that operate in China may be required to cooperate with authorities in security probes by providing “technical support.” They will have to pass regular security reviews. Companies in key sectors – including information services, transport, and finance – may also be required to store data locally in China and to only use approved equipment. Failure to do so could mean that they lose their operating license or are shut down completely. Some companies fear that will help their Chinese competitors, while also opening them to corporate or state-backed espionage. Approval of the law was immediately criticized by business groups including the U.S.-China Business Council, the American Chamber of Commerce, and the European Chamber of Commerce. The law also restricts freedom of expression. Online postings that damage “national honor,” “disturb economic or social order,” or promote “overthrowing the socialist system” will be criminal offences. Approval of the law was also criticized by groups including Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, and the European Union. “Despite widespread international concern from corporations and rights advocates for more than a year, Chinese authorities pressed ahead with this restrictive law without making meaningful changes,” Sophie Richardson, China director at Human Rights Watch, said in a report on Reuters . Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
108922,"This 'Dark Knight' Fan Theory Might Make You Look The Joker In A Very Different Light Alex Diedrick Pin it Share In his transformative role as the Joker, Heath Ledger was by far the standout of The Dark Knight , even more so than the titular character. With his captivating presence and brutal schemes, Joker raised the bar for DC villains to a level no one else has been able to reach since . But what if he isn’t the villain of the film at all? What if all his machinations and pencil-related humor inadvertently make him the real hero, once again beating out the Caped Crusader? A theory from Reddit user Generalzee speculates that the Joker is way more efficient at dismantling the rampant crime in Gotham than Batman, thus making the Joker the hero that Gotham actually needs. Instead of using his resources to fund the city’s police force, Bruce Wayne dons a costume and rounds up low level thugs, never really putting a dent in the criminal presence that rule the city. Going beyond that, Gotham’s “hero” even abuses civilians’ privacy with an invasive surveillance system. His intentions may be just, but from a certain point of view, he’s an ineffective nut job. Related Links: Mark Hamill Has The Last Word On Jared Leto’s ‘Suicide Squad’ Joker On the other hand, in his pursuit of chaos, Joker’s moves destroy the mob’s finances and bosses. He propels Harvey Dent into being a more effective crime fighter as well, albeit in a more gruesome way. Because of the Joker’s little pushes, Gotham is nearly rid of crime. Even though they both worked outside the law to fight crime, it’s because of the Joker, not Batman, that crime is nearly wiped out. There are a few holes in looking at the Joker as a true hero, especially with all his murder-y antics, but it’s interesting to think about. Not saying that the ends justify the means, but it can be said that by the end of The Dark Knight , Gotham is a little better off because of the Joker. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
320503,"Yes, Anna Wintour & Miuccia Prada Have Discussed The Devil Wears Prada Suzannah Weiss Pin it Share It must be interesting to have a book and movie named after your company, especially when the word ""devil"" is also in the title — and to be the ""devil"" in the story. At the Glamour Women of the Year Awards, Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour revealed how she Miuccia Prada felt about The Devil Wears Prada. The book's author Lauren Weisberger, a former assistant of Wintour's, has admitted that Wintour is the basis of the villain Miranda Priestly. She was depicted as vain and power-hungry, and the media didn't let her live it down . While she may not in fact be the devil, Wintour is a fan of Prada. She said she and the designer have annual lunches in Milan. But they went several years without acknowledging the book or movie, The Cut reports. ""For a while it seemed that that association was the only flattering thing about the enterprise, and Miuccia and I never discussed it,"" she said. ""Finally, at one of our lunches, she leaned across the table and she said, 'Anna, that book, it’s good for both of us.' And the subject has never come up again."" Wintour conceded that Prada was right — and that her response represented the ""calm confidence"" she admires in her. Like what you see? How about some more R29 goodness, right here?",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
247083,"JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Angola seeks to restore the luster of Mbanza Congo, a town that was a royal capital centuries ago and is a candidate to become a UNESCO world heritage site. This week, Angola's culture ministry hosted experts who discussed the UNESCO bid in the northwestern town, and an exhibition of documents related to the ancient Congo kingdom opened in Luanda, the capital.
The Portuguese news agency Lusa says the exhibition includes a 1493 letter in which the king of Portugal, which colonized the area, ordered that clothing be presented to the Congo king.
Lusa says Angola is upgrading historical sites in Mbanza Congo and that the heritage bid will be assessed at a UNESCO meeting in Poland next year. Mbanza Congo contains the remains of a royal cemetery and a cathedral.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
199439,"Just weeks after the presidential election comes to a close, Donald Trump might find himself facing his own words from the campaign trail in a courtroom. Former students of the real estate mogul’s for-profit university have brought a class-action lawsuit against the now-defunct institution, alleging that Trump University misled and defrauded students for financial gain. Their lawyers argue that statements Mr. Trump made as the Republican nominee, including advertisements, speeches, and tweets, should be admissible in court. His lawyers have countered that point by arguing that those statements have no relevance to the lawsuit and will be evaluated by voters at the polls on Nov. 8.
The battle centers around the debate as to whether using the words would politicize the trial, or if blocking them would allow Trump to use his status as the Republican nominee for president to hide from relevant public statements.
Recommended: What do you know about Donald Trump? 
""Trump wants to rig the deck by hiding from the jury his own words ,"" the plaintiffs’ lawyers wrote. ""Donald Trump's dizzying array of objectively false, contradictory, and self-defeating statements have left him so flummoxed he is demanding that the Court create a new category of immunity to protect him from himself.""
A main point of contention in the suit alleges that Trump University lied when claiming that Trump personally selected the school’s instructors, as he later said he did not know many of them. Lawyers for the plaintiffs argue that such information is vital to the case and cannot be ignored simply because it was made while Trump was a political figure.
They also argue that his recent comments on the suit could be of importance to a jury.
While campaigning, Trump referred to Gonzalo Curiel, a federal judge presiding over the suit, as a ""hater of Donald Trump."" Trump also questioned the judge's ability to act fairly during the proceedings because he is the son of Mexican immigrants and could oppose Trump’s plan to build a border wall, tweeting that the judge is “totally biased against me.”
Trump’s lawyers are seeking to exclude all campaign statements, and have also filed a motion to block a CNN interview with former Trump University instructor James Harris . In it, Mr. Harris says his primary job was to encourage students to sign up for costly real estate seminars rather than to teach them about real estate.
The trial is set to begin Nov. 28, and both the plaintiffs and defense plan to call Trump to the stand as a witness. While his attorneys argue that the use of campaign rhetoric will carry “an immediate and irreparable danger of extreme and irremediable prejudice,"" the plaintiffs maintain that they have no intention to turn the suit into a political debate.
""As they have demonstrated throughout this litigation, plaintiffs have no desire to politicize this case,” they wrote. “On the other hand, Trump has repeatedly done so.""
Related stories
What do you know about Donald Trump? In 2016 election, a division over what 'corrupt' means How early voting has become so politicized this election (+video) Read this story at csmonitor.com 
Become a part of the Monitor community
Become a Facebook fan! Follow us on Twitter! Follow us on Google+ Link up with us! Subscribe to our RSS feeds!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
324727,"JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Mozambican media say 73 people were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in a fuel tanker explosion in the north of the country. Radio Mozambique reported Thursday that medical teams were at the scene of the accident in the town of Caphiridzange in Tete province.
The radio says dozens of charred bodies were scattered around the explosion site and that government officials believe more bodies might be in surrounding woods. It says a truck driver from Malawi had turned off the main road to sell fuel to local residents, who were gathered around the vehicle when the fuel caught fire.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
29360,"• 23 de noviembre de 2016 On Little People, Big World , Matt Roloff returned from Los Angeles, where he had neck surgery, to find out that he was about to lose Camerino, an employee at the family’s farm. “I have bad news. For you and for me,” Camerino said. “I’ve got to go to Mexico.” While Matt was away, a lawyer told his ex-wife, Amy, that Camerino must be deported to Mexico. Of course, Matt was surprised to hear the news. He was also saddened to learn that Camerino would have to leave his family behind. And fans of the show took to Twitter to express their feelings. D wrote, “ Omg I just balled at Camerino having to be deported. I can’t believe they just separate families like this” and Kim Smith tweeted, “I’m bawling on this part. Why deport someone who isn’t causing trouble but keep the ones that are? Such a sad time!!!” Despite the surprising departure, there is still hope that Camerino will be able to return. “As soon as I get to my feet, I’ll do everything I can to change that, to bring you back,” Matt said. “This farm will not survive without you.” Watch Little People feel the pressure to have grandchildren: Tell us what you think! Hit us up on Twitter , Facebook , or Instagram — or leave your comments below. And check out our host, Cynthia LuCiette, on Twitter , Facebook , or Instagram . Rebloguear ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
200572,"CHICAGO (AP) — Winger James Lowe and backrower Akira Ioane both scored two tries as the New Zealand Maori rugby team beat the United States 54-7 on Saturday to claim their 70th win over a full international team. Lowe scored twice in the first half and Ioane touched down once in each half as the Maori won by eight tries to one to extend their record against the USA to four wins from four games.
Both captains scored: Ash Dixon for the New Zealand Maori shortly before halftime and Todd Clever for the United States whose only try came at the start of the second half.
Maori prop Kane Hames had a try disallowed in the first half but scored another in the second while replacement scrumhalf Brad Weber touched down before ending the game in the sin bin.
Substitute hooker Joe Royal added the last try near fulltime and Damian McKenzie, one of four touring All Blacks leant to the Maori team for the match, converted from the sideline. McKenzie took over the goalkicking duties from flyhalf Ihaia West who kept a perfect record with six conversions from as many attempts.
Will Holder converted the United States' try.
The USA began strongly and occasionally troubled the Maori team in the first 10 minutes with rolling drives. But when Lowe scored the opening try in the 10th minute the tide turned and the Maori team was dominant for most of the rest of the match.
The New Zealanders were able to dominate the middle of the field with powerful ball carriers, and when the defense had been drawn in, to unleash their pace on the flanks.
Their defensive line speed was also too much for the United States whose players were regularly cut down behind the gain line, placing them under continuous pressure.
Flyhalf Holder's clearances were wayward and the United States found itself trapped inside its own half for long periods.
The Maori quickly punished the USA for missed tackles, notably when Ioane scored his first try in the 19th minute.
Lowe had his second in the 33rd minute when West chipped behind the defense for center Matt Proctor to regather and to put his winger untouched under the posts.
Dixon's try from a rolling maul gave the Maori team a 28-0 lead at halftime.
Ioane brushed off tackles to score his second in the 44th minute before the United States hit back with Clever's try from a lineout drive five minutes later. Dixon and Ioane scored while US hooker James Hilterbrand was in the sin bin for a professional foul.
Hames made amends for having his first half try ruled out for a double movement when he scored in the 51st minute. Weber scored the seventh try in the 63rd minute.
The Maori lost some of their continuity in the last quarter but Royal pushed them through the 50 point mark just before the end.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
92906,"LONDON (Reuters) - The man accused of murdering British Member of Parliament Jo Cox will not speak in his own defense at his trial, a British court heard on Tuesday. Thomas Mair, 53, had declined to enter a plea at a pre-trial hearing in October, so a judge had recorded a plea of not guilty on his behalf.
Labour MP Cox, 41, was shot three times and repeatedly stabbed on the street in the town of Birstall, part of her electoral district in northern England, a week before Britain voted to leave the EU in June.
Defense lawyer Simon Russell Flint told jurors at London's Old Bailey court: ""We call no evidence for Mr Mair.""
Judge Alan Wilkie said the jury could draw their own conclusions if he declined to offer evidence. Russell Flint said his client was aware of that.
Earlier the jury was told that when Mair appeared at London's Westminster Magistrates Court after being charged he had given his name as ""death to traitors, freedom for Britain"".
On Monday, the court heard police searching Mair's house had found Nazi materials including books and an eagle ornament bearing a swastika.
Witnesses have said Cox suffered a ferocious attack when she arrived at the Birstall library to give an advice session to local residents, and that when apprehended by police Mair had said ""It's me"" and described himself as a political activist.
Jurors heard Cox's assailant had shouted something like ""Keep Britain independent"" and ""Britain first"" during the attack.
(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Stephen Addison)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
246897,"Pin it Share While protesters took to the streets across the country on Wednesday (Nov. 9) and artists like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry continue to comment and react to the election of former Apprentice star and real estate mogul Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States, Radiohead singer Thom Yorke had an expectedly poetic reaction to the news. In an early morning tweet posted just as the final results confirmed the news, Yorke did the only thing he could think to do: he posted the lyrics to Radiohead's paranoid anthem that could be interpreted as a reaction to the anti-immigrant panic in Europe, ""Burn the Witch."" The post included a link to the animated mob rules video and selection of smushed together lyrics: ""avoidall eye contactdo not reactshoot the messengerthis."" avoidall eye contactdo not reactshoot the messengersthis is a low flying panic attacksingthesong of sixpencethatgoes https://t.co/xm8Z5l8qQm — Thom Yorke (@thomyorke) November 9, 2016 Yorke, who counts failed Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders as one of his 122 follows, followed up on Thursday morning (Dec. 10) with a re-post of the New Yorker's devastating reaction to the election results: ""An American Tragedy."" The David Remnick piece, which opens with the line, ""The election of Donald Trump to the Presidency is nothing less than a tragedy for the American republic, a tragedy for the Constitution, and a triumph for the forces, at home and abroad, of nativism, authoritarianism, misogyny, and racism.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
208995,"LAS VEGAS (AP) — A contractor knocked out power Thursday to a Las Vegas Strip resort, displacing thousands of guests and gamblers, trapping almost a dozen people in elevators for a time, and prompting a room-to-room search of the 33-story tower looking for stragglers. The entire Paris Las Vegas, including the casino, restaurants and shops, lost power about 9:45 a.m. when workers in the basement cut into the main power line, Clark County spokeswoman Stacey Welling said.
The incident was called an accident during work that was authorized and scheduled, and there was no indication of sabotage or foul play, Welling said. No injuries were reported.
The full evacuation was ordered after noon, when the fire alarm system battery power ran low and backup generator didn't kick in.
Clark County Fire Chief Greg Cassell said about 3,000 guests and employees were evacuated.
As night fell, the iconic faux Eifel Tower lit up, but authorities decided it was too late to promise to let guests back in to the darkened 2,900-room hotel, Caesars Entertainment Corp. spokesman Rich Broome said.
Only people who needed prescription medication were being escorted by hotel and security officials to their rooms.
""It's pitch black in there,"" Broome said. ""The building will stay evacuated until all power is restored and fire officials declare it safe.""
""It's frustrating for us,"" Broome added. ""Much more frustrating for our guests.""
Broome said workers were drilling into concrete in a basement boiler room to reach the power main.
Displaced guests and new arrivals were directed to the Caesars-owned Bally's Las Vegas Hotel next-door, where company officials were helping them find rooms at Caesars and competitors' properties up and down the Strip.
Guests who missed or had to change airline flights, or had to leave luggage in their rooms, were being promised assistance, Broome said.
Eleven people were rescued from five different elevators, and a few people suffered from anxiety-related issues, but no one was hospitalized, the fire chief said.
Firefighters went door-to-door inside the darkened building to make sure everyone was out, Cassell said.
Entrances to the hotel were draped in yellow crime scene tape while hotel security guards stood by to ensure no one tried to re-enter.
Jay Sarno of Santa Fe Springs, California told the Las Vegas Review-Journal he won more than $1,000 on a Keno machine just before the power went out.
Sarno said the casino gave him a voucher to claim his money after power is restored. He said members of his traveling group walked up 18 flights of stairs in the dark to retrieve belongings before fire officials ushered them outside.
The outage drew comparisons to an Easter Sunday 2004 blackout that lasted three days at the 3,000-room Bellagio resort. Business losses were estimated in the millions of dollars.
No injuries or thefts were reported in that incident, and officials with hotel owner MGM Grand, now MGM Resorts International, said authorities found no evidence of sabotage or a criminal act. Nevada Power Co. officials called it an internal problem at the property.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
86389,"View photos
Justin Bieber walks the red carpet. (Photo: Jeff Kravitz/AMA2015/FilmMagic) More Justin Bieber did Floyd Mayweather proud, punching a guy in the face hard enough to make him bleed bad.
The Biebs was in Barcelona, driving to perform Tuesday night, when a guy ran up to the car and stuck his hand in the window to touch him. Bieber responded with a quick jab to the face.
The guy ended up a bloody mess as he and his friends reacted in shock.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
219306,"By Andrew R.C. Marshall MANILA (Reuters) - Jason Madarang, awaiting trial on a charge of drug use, is in a muggy, windowless cell in a Manila prison so overcrowded that inmates must sleep in halls and stairwells and share each toilet with 150 other men.
But with President Rodrigo Duterte's ""war on drugs"" raging beyond the walls of Quezon City Jail, Madarang says he is lucky.
""It's safer here,"" he said. ""Outside, if the police want to shoot you, they shoot you, and then say you're a drug pusher.""
The Philippines police say they have only shot drug suspects in legitimate operations.
Nearly 2,300 drug users and dealers have been killed in police operations or by suspected vigilantes since Duterte took office on June 30, according to the Philippines police.
Thousands more have been arrested, filling the country's already seething jails to bursting point.
Quezon City Jail was built to hold 800 inmates but is now home to over 3,400 - far too many for its cell area, which is roughly equivalent to three basketball courts.
In mid-August, as Duterte's anti-narcotics campaign intensified, the population briefly topped 4,000 until the jail insisted that detainees were sent elsewhere.
""If we hadn't done that, we'd have 5,000 inmates by now,"" said Lucila Abarca, the prison's Community Relations Officer.
Two thirds of the inmates are inside on drug-related offences, according to data maintained by the prison.
Quezon City Jail is a teeming microcosm of a regional crisis driven by an explosion in use of methamphetamine, a highly addictive drug popular across Asia.
Prisons in countries such as Thailand and Myanmar are also chronically overcrowded, thanks largely to inmates on drug-related charges, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.
But Philippine jails are Asia's most congested, with an occupancy level of 316 percent, according to the Institute for Criminal Policy Research (ICPR) at Birkbeck, University of London.
Globally, the ICPR ranks the Philippines third in prison occupancy levels, behind only Haiti and Benin.
It was natural that the government's ""aggressive campaign against criminality and drugs"" would boost the jail population, said Jesus Hinlo, Undersecretary for Public Safety at the Department of the Interior and Local Government, which is in charge of Quezon City Jail.
    ""The solution is...to build new and bigger jails,"" he said, adding that a lack of funds made this a challenge.
""WELCOME TO HELL""
Prison overcrowding poses ""a very big challenge for us in terms of security and the health status of inmates,"" said Abarca, the prison officer.
Inmates sleep poorly and easily fall sick, she said, and tensions always simmer over the cramped conditions. In July, there was a cholera outbreak caused by contaminated water.
Someone has chalked ""WELCOME TO HELL"" on the steps leading to Jason Madarang's cellblock.
But the 29-year-old municipal worker, who said five people near his Manila home had been shot dead in recent months, wasn't the only inmate who felt safer there.
His cellmate, Marconino Maximo, 39, said he was arrested a year ago and charged with possessing a pipe for smoking crystal methamphetamine, known in the Philippines as shabu.
""I'm lucky to be here because so many people have been killed,"" he said.
""There are many police on the outside,"" added Maximo, gesturing around his seething, dungeon-like cell. ""Here, there are none.""
There are rarely any prison officers either. Most cellblocks are run by one of four gangs, whose leaders are relied upon to keep the peace, Abarca said.
""Riots can still happen,"" said Abarca. ""We have to conduct regular dialogue with cell leaders to address their issues.""
Inmates can't be locked in the cells at night because the cells aren't big enough. They sleep on the stairs - one inmate per step - and string hammocks from the rafters and spill into the chapel and classroom.
Others bed down in the prison's only exercise area, its basketball court. When it's not raining.
CHOLERA OUTBREAK
Each morning at 8 a.m., many inmates crowd around the basketball court to sing the national anthem and take part in a short aerobic exercise.
Inmates are encouraged to be as active as possible during the day, Abarca said. But, inmates told a Reuters journalist touring the prison that many men catch up on sleep during the day in the space left by cellmates who exercise, pray in the chapel or form long lines for one of 24 toilets.
At least 2,000 inmates are inside on bailable offences, according to prison statistics, but most are too poor to pay the bond.
The overcrowding is also a symptom of the slow pace of Philippines justice. Many inmates wait years for their cases to grind through courts.
Duterte's anti-narcotics crackdown is popular with the public - 84 percent of respondents approved of the campaign in an opinion poll last month. But some critics say it has been felt disproportionately by the poor, and that major drug traffickers routinely evade arrest.
Given the choice, former drug user Dennis Charles Ledda, 29, said he would take his chances on the outside.
""It's hell here, mentally and physically,"" said Ledda, who sleeps in the crawl space beneath another man's bunk.
""Truly, I used drugs,"" he said. ""But if I could get out of here I'd do anything to fix my life.""
(Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
189679,"Quentin Tarantino Is Retiring From Making Movies (After He Makes a Few More Movies) Zach Seemayer Share Quentin Tarantino has announced that he's retiring -- eventually. The Hateful Eight director once again pledged that he's only going to direct two more films – rounding his career feature total out at 10 -- and then he's quitting filmmaking for good. ""Drop the mic. Boom. Tell everybody, 'Match that s**t,'"" Tarantino told a cheering crowd during a Q&A at the Adobe Max creativity conference at the San Diego Convention Center on Thursday. MORE: Quentin Tarantino Teases 'Kill Bill: Volume 3' at Comic-Con Tarantino – who's currently working on the script for his next feature film, which will reportedly be a crime drama set in 1930s Australia -- opened up during the interview about how he defines success when it comes to his own career. ""Hopefully, the way I define success when I finish my career is that I'm considered one of the greatest filmmakers that ever lived,"" Tarantino said. ""And, going further, a great artist, not just filmmaker."" With eight movies already under his belt -- Reservoir Dogs (1992), Pulp Fiction (1994), Jackie Brown (1997), Kill Bill: Volume 1 (2003), Kill Bill: Volume 2 (2004), Death Proof (2007), Inglourious Basterds (2009), Django Unchained (2012), and last year's The Hateful Eight -- the divisive 53-year-old filmmaker has racked up two Oscars (both for Best Original Screenplay) and two other Oscar nominations (both for Best Director). NEWS: Quentin Tarantino Reveals Whether He'd Ever Direct a Comedy Despite the success of many of his films, Tarantino's most recent directorial effort was met with moderate box-office returns and somewhat mixed reviews, so if he does want to quit while he's on top, he's giving himself two more chances to wow audiences and diehard fans. Tarantino also said he's currently working on a non-fiction project about the 1970s but admitted that he doesn't know what shape the project will take, explaining, ""It could be a book, a documentary, [or] a five-part podcast.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
308422,"Los Angeles (AFP) - The figure-hugging gown Marilyn Monroe wore to serenade President John F. Kennedy for his 45th birthday smashed its guide price to sell for $4.8 million at auction on Thursday. The flesh-colored dress, adorned with 2,500 hand-stitched crystals, had been expected to fetch between $2-3 million, Julien's Auctions in Beverly Hills said.
It went to Ripley's Believe It or Not!, an American media empire specializing in bizarre and historically significant items which owns a chain of museums, including one in Hollywood.
The dress was so tight on Monroe that the legendary actress wore nothing underneath and had to be sewn into it at the last minute before stepping on stage at Madison Square Garden in 1962 to sing to JFK in her trademark sultry voice, according to the auction house.
First auctioned by Christie's in 1999, the Jean Louis dress went to the late business mogul Martin Zweig for $1.3 million.
""Marilyn Monroe singing 'Happy Birthday Mr. President' is certainly one of the most famous impromptu performances in American history,"" said Darren Julien, president and CEO of Julien's Auctions.
""Tonight was one of the most important moments in our history as a company. We were incredibly privileged to have had the opportunity to offer this amazing dress from the most legendary screen star of all time.""
Monroe died of an overdose less than three month after the performance, while Kennedy was murdered a year later.
Other highlights of the first day of a three-day auction of Monroe's personal effects included the ""Some Like it Hot"" cocktail dress which sold for $450,000, and a ""Rose Tattoo"" gown which went for $125,000.
- Screen icon -
A pair of her Ferragamo shoes were snapped up for $34,000 while the her ""Niagara"" negligee went for $59,000.
Such was the popularity of the ""Mr. President"" gown that even a sketch of it by fashion designer Bob Mackie sold for $10,000.
""We have had remarkable opportunities to offer unique objects related to Marilyn Monroe in the past,"" said Martin Nolan, executive director of Julien's.
""Tonight is one of the most remarkable events in Julien's Auctions history and one we will never forget.""
More than 1,000 lots of her possessions -- the largest collection ever offered for auction -- are being sold over three days.
Many come from the estate of her acting coach, Lee Strasberg, who died in 1982.
Considered the father of method acting, he worked with a host of stars including James Dean, Richard Harris, Dustin Hoffman, Jack Nicholson, Al Pacino, Jane Fonda and Robert DeNiro.
Strasberg developed a close friendship with Monroe, who bequeathed all of her personal effects and clothing to him in her will.
The singer and actress, one of the world's most bankable stars before her death aged just 36 in Los Angeles, remains at the top of the list for collectors of celebrity memorabilia.
Five years ago, the billowing frock she wore on a subway grate in ""The Seven Year Itch"" -- the scene that turned her into a screen icon -- sold for a record $5.5 million.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
152366,"A few years ago, the second-generation Lexus GX 460 received an aggressive and necessary facelift. The updated, bold front fascia truly transformed the lackluster Lexus into a crossover with some serious bite. Especially in the Starfire Pearl hue, this luxurious head-turner leaves soccer moms in Odyssey vans pitifully pouting. View photos
The Drive More For my annual Thanksgiving excursion, I took the Lexus GX 460 on the road from Atlanta to Chicago to truly test its travel talents, daily use and overall appeal. With the journey in mind, attributes such as cargo capacity and comfort were certainly high on the list. The GX 460’s first red mark was revealed early while loading luggage. With my hands full of bags, having to drop everything to open the barn-door-style rear hatch was aggravating, to say the least. Virtually every luxury SUV on the planet has a power lift gate making this both confusing and unacceptable. Thankfully, Lexus saved a few cool points with the rear glass’s ability to open separately with a touch of a button. Unfortunately, you can’t fit a suitcase through the opening.
View photos
The Drive More Even though the exterior was the beneficiary of an update in 2014, the interior was not so lucky. The inside of the 2017 Lexus GX 460 is dated and the styling of the dash is so prehistoric that it could almost pass for vintage. The instrument cluster follows this throwback theme as it appears to be left over from the early ‘90s.
What saves the interior for me is the wood, more specifically, the mahogany-appointed steering wheel. The upgrade gives the cabin an air of opulence and serves as a reminder of the cash you forked over. The leather seats are fairly standard - comfortable and soft to the touch with a modest design. The optional heated and ventilated seats were a lifesaver in varying climates, too.
The infotainment system is fairly easy to use but a bit archaic. The navigation is quirky but I ended up just using my phone for directions mainly because it was easier.
View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More View photos
The Drive More I have no doubt the GX 460 can tackle some serious terrain. However, the only person taking this Lexus off-road is possibly the fifth owner - 15 years from now. If you’re buying this vehicle brand new, you’re hauling kids around to lacrosse practice or taking road trips to visit the fam. As capable as the GX is in treacherous conditions, its on-pavement prowess falls a bit short. Highway driving is certainly smooth and effortless but if the situation calls for a high-speed lane change or maneuver, brace for body roll. Thankfully, no one who buys the GX 460 expecting to lay down some serious times on the autocross course. More than likely, the potential consumer simply wants to coast and the GX 460 does so masterfully. To get you between stop lights, the 4.6-liter V8 engine is more than equipped as it boasts 301 hp and 329 lb-ft of torque. Plenty of power to haul your little ones and all their gear around town.
View photos
The Drive More For whatever reason, the Lexus GX 460 continues to do quite well in the sales department. Since the facelift, they’ve more than doubled their U.S. units which is impressive as competition continues to mount. I attribute the GX 460’s popularity to the aggressive exterior, Toyota dependability and reasonable price tag. Our test vehicle was fully-loaded and right under $58,000. These days, you can’t even get near an Escalade for that. Not bad for a vehicle that looks like an LX470, performs like a more-powerful 4runner and looks good enough to be the envy of all the soccer moms. Not a bad value prop!
PRICE (AS TESTED): $57,960.00
POWERTRAIN : 4.6-liter V8; 301 hp, 329 lb-ft
MPG (COMBINED): 17 MPG",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
44364,"London (AFP) - Wearing a blonde wig and bicycle helmet, a dishevelled Boris Johnson sings and raps at a demonic Vladimir Putin -- Brexit as tragicomedy has hit the London stage. Five months after Britain's shock referendum to leave the EU, ""Brexit: The Musical"" opened this week with a star role for Johnson, the gaffe-prone Brexiteer turned foreign secretary.
""The trick (to play Boris Johnson) is mainly to pretend to know what you are doing but really sound like you don't have a clue of what's going on at anytime,"" actor James Sanderson told AFP.
Nearby, UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage (played by Jack Bradley) holds a beer in one hand and sings about the glories of the people and Britannia, while Prime Minister Theresa May (RJ Seeley), portrayed as a Big Brother figure, keeps a strong hand on the Brexit tiller.
Opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn (Stephen Emery) is brilliantly boring, while Michael Gove (Chris Vincent), Johnson's fellow Brexiteer who betrayed him in a failed bid for the premiership, is castigated by his Daily Mail journalist wife.
""I try to be fair on both sides,"" said writer David Shirreff, a former journalist for The Economist.
""The situation is that Brexit is a complete mess. The world doesn't need Brexit, that's my view, so I was just trying to make it look as ridiculous as possible on stage.""
- 'Quite cathartic' -
Shirreff has previously delved into satire with a trilogy of musical comedies, including one, ""EuroCash"", that looks at the world of finance.
He wrote the Brexit musical in one month in July.
""Boris is a bit of a clown and as a central figure he was just a gift,"" Shirreff said, adding that he did not have to invent Johnson's words: ""It's all verbatim.""
The play, which is showing above a pub at the Canal Cafe Theatre in the Little Venice district, involves a huge array of characters, including Donald Tusk, Jean-Claude Juncker and Angela Merkel -- all played by the cast of five.
""There are comedies about World War One, the second World War, maybe it's that kind of situation. We are in a war situation and we have to laugh about it,"" Shirreff said.
The problem with writing about current affairs are that the situation keeps evolving, and Shirreff had to write in a judge after the High Court ruled that parliament must have a vote before Brexit starts.
Farage's meeting with US President-elect Donald Trump at the weekend will also probably make it into later performances.
""I don't know whether it matches with Brexit but it certainly is an extraordinary development in global politics,"" Shirreff said.
The play has been going down well with its audience. In the scene where Farage announces his resignation as UKIP leader -- the politician later returned as interim leader -- one women shouted her approval.
""I think we need a good laugh about Brexit because it is such a farce, unbelievable and bizarre and sad. I think it can be quite cathartic,"" said one spectator in her fifties, Suzanna Tarbush.
Another, 28-year-old Indian student Divesh Chandiramani, said the musical was ""a very creative way to portray what I thought was a very serious situation"".
""Brexit: The Musical"", directed by Lucy Appleby and composed by Frederick Appleby, is sold out until November 25 but will return in January and February.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
87698,"Liam Hemsworth posts a sweet message to Miley Cyrus on her birthday (Photo: Instagram) More Liam Hemsworth knows the way to Miley Cyrus ’s heart: smiley faces, rainbows, and flowers. It’s The Voice coach’s 24th birthday today, and it’s safe to say it’s off to a good start.
“Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!” Hemsworth, 26, captioned the above shot of Cyrus. So what was in the box?
Related: Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Make Rare Public Appearance — and Snap a Cute Selfie — at Pal’s Art Gallery
The Aussie actor also woke up the birthday girl in bed with flowers and balloons.
Perhaps the rainbow jewelry is Cyrus’s new engagement bling. Cyrus revealed last month that she wasn’t a fan of the Neil Lane sparkler she was originally given.
“This is really weird because this is like real jewelry and most of my jewelry is made out of gummy bears and cotton candy and they don’t look that good together because they kind of mix up,” Cyrus told Ellen DeGeneres. “So sometimes I replace it with an actual unicorn or a Looney Tune [character].”
Apparently Hemsworth took notice. “He’s kind of like, ‘What’s going on?'” Cyrus said. “[And] I am like, ‘This isn’t really my aesthetic, but I’ll wear it because you love me.”
Related: Miley Cyrus ‘Inspired’ to Create #HopefulHippies Campaign Following Election
Cyrus and Hemsworth got engaged in 2012 but split in 2013. They rekindled their romance at the beginning of this year.
“Of course it was hard, man,” Hemsworth told GQ this summer. “But we were both going in different directions and it’s just what needed to happen. We were both super young and it was a good decision at the time — we both needed that.”
While Cyrus and Hemsworth are reportedly back together and engaged, the couple has stayed mum on wedding plans. Us Weekly alleges that their nuptials are “up in the air” since they can’t agree on what type of wedding they want.
At least Cyrus has some funky new hardware in the meantime.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
245151,"LOS ANGELES (AP) — Angelina Jolie Pitt will continue to have sole custody of her six children with Brad Pitt in a joint agreement reached by the actors, a representative for the actress said Monday. The voluntary agreement calls for the former couple's six children, who range in ages from 8 to 15, to continue to have ""therapeutic visits"" with Pitt for the time being. It is unclear what therapeutic visits entailed, and Jolie Pitt's representatives said they could not provide additional details.
A representative for Pitt declined comment.
Monday's statement said the agreement was reached more than a week ago, although Pitt told a court on Friday that he is seeking joint custody.
Jolie Pitt filed for divorce in September, days after Pitt was involved in a disturbance during a private flight with his family. She cited irreconcilable differences as the reason for the breakup, and an attorney said at the time she filed for divorce ""for the health of the family.""
The statement makes no mention of an investigation by child welfare workers into the plane incident.
The agreement has not been filed in the couple's divorce, and may not be the final custody arrangement governing the actors' children.
Pitt and Jolie Pitt reached a temporary custody agreement in late September that included at least some of the same terms — visitation with his children and both sides agreeing to meetings with therapists.
""We believe that all sides are committed to healing the family and ask for your consideration during this difficult time,"" Monday's statement said.
The actor filed a legal response to the divorce on Friday and sought joint custody of the children. Formal custody arrangements are included a couple's divorce judgment, although they are rarely made public in celebrity divorce cases.
Pitt's filing did not include any new details about the couple's breakup. Pitt cited irreconcilable differences and makes no mention of a prenuptial agreement that will govern how the pair divides their assets. He also cites Sept. 15 as the day of their separation, one day after the alleged plane altercation between Pitt and his 15-year-old son, Maddox.
Pitt was accused of being abusive toward the teenager, sources told The Associated Press, but authorities were not notified when the plane landed in Minnesota. Several sources said the incident was being investigated by the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services, but the agency said it could not confirm whether it was involved.
The actors were married for two years and together for 12 years after becoming close while filming 2005's ""Mr. & Mrs. Smith.""
___
Anthony McCartney can be reached at http://twitter.com/mccartneyAP",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
143714,"InStyle November 2, 2016 Can you honestly blame Snow White for taking a bite of that tempting red apple? No, because we're about to figuratively fall victim to Kohl's new holiday launch in a similar way. The retailer has once again teamed up with reality TV star-turned-designer Lauren Conrad , to develop an LC Lauren Conrad collection based on Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . Although you may be envisioning the princess's adorable, cuddly, and even goofy friends, there's nothing dopey about the range. Credit: courtesy Kohl's The affordable selection, which begins at $14 to $70, features a mix of movie-inspired ready-to-wear items and accessories. Conrad's assortment reflects her own dusty, Southern California style with chunky gold and silver jewels (there's an owl-pendant necklace thrown in there) along with blue heels, ankle-strap flats, and a ring designed to look like a twig. Additionally, there's a mix of cartoon-inspired items like a white tunic with a colorful image of Snow White, along with more minimalist items that come in dark-toned florals. RELATED VIDEO: 10 of Lauren Conrad's Most Magical Instagrams 5123263224001 Scroll down to see more of the standout pieces --and visit kohls.com to shop the collection now. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
227251,"WASHINGTON (AP) — Donald Trump's muscular performance with working-class whites overwhelmed the national trend toward a more diverse population that tends to favor Democrats. That dynamic was amplified by the peculiar mathematics of the Electoral College, which gave a megaphone to less-educated voters in the Midwest. A look at the building blocks of Trump's win over Hillary Clinton:
WORKING-CLASS WOES
These voters spoke with a shout, particularly in Rust Belt states that have mostly favored Democrats in recent elections. Noncollege-educated whites made up about a third of the electorate nationally, but they accounted for more than 4 in 10 voters in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Ohio and made up fully half of all voters in Iowa. In all four states, and nationally too, the margin by which Trump won noncollege whites surpassed Mitt Romney's margins in 2012. Nationwide, some 67 percent of these working-class voters backed Trump, attracted to his insurgent's pledge to upend the status quo.
Trump's strong support among those with less than a college education is at least partly a reflection of how little the economic recovery since the Great Recession has benefited them. Their job opportunities have dwindled and their incomes have fallen, even as broader measures of the nation's job market show improvement. Middle-aged white men with only high school degrees — the core of Trump's support — saw their inflation-adjusted incomes plummet 9 percent from 1996 through 2014, according to Sentier Research, a data analytics firm founded by former Census Bureau officials.
RURAL OOMPH
Democratic candidates have long worked to stockpile votes in urban centers to offset the more conservative electorate in America's small towns and rural areas. A color-coded map of the 2016 results — a sea of Republican red in the country's midsection with blue states largely arrayed along the two coasts — amply illustrates the rural/urban divide. Clinton won about 6 out of 10 votes in cities with more than 50,000 residents; Trump won about 60 percent of votes in small towns and rural areas. Voters in the suburbs largely split their votes between Clinton and Trump.
But Trump made some crucial inroads. He won Pennsylvania, for example, by toppling a 20-year-old Democratic maxim to build an insurmountable lead in Philadelphia and its suburbs. Clinton did build an impressive lead in Philadelphia and its suburbs, surpassing Barack Obama's showing there in 2012, but Trump swamped Clinton in the rest of the state. The last time Pennsylvania voted for a Republican for president was 1988.
RACIAL POLARIZATION
The white vote has shrunk in recent years — from about 80 percent in 1996 to 70 percent of Tuesday's vote — but that's still a powerful number. Trump dominated with whites no matter how you dice their votes — among men and women, young and old, college-educated and noncollege-educated. That diluted the potency of Clinton's strong performance with Hispanics and blacks.
In North Carolina, where Trump won by a 4-point margin, the race was decided less on Clinton's failure than on Trump's unanticipated success. Clinton's campaign had hoped African Americans would make up 20 percent of the electorate, and they did. Nine in 10 blacks supported the Democrat. But Trump's strength with white, rural and small-town voters overwhelmed her support among blacks.
Likewise, in Florida, where Trump won by just over 1 percentage point, Hispanics favored Clinton by almost a 2-to-1 margin and nearly 9 in 10 blacks backed her. But their outsized support for her was swamped by Trump's 2-to-1 lead among white voters, who made up more than 60 percent of the electorate.
AGE MATTERS
Millennials came through for Clinton, but one lesson of the 2016 election was the older voters still pack a punch. Some 55 percent of the electorate is 45 or older.
Clinton got her most intense support from voters who are 18 to 29, winning more than half of that group. Her support dropped among older voters, winning about 45 percent among voters older than 45. That percentage held for the Democratic nominee among voters who are least 65.
For Trump, the trend was reversed. He won a little more than a third of the youngest voters and captured a majority of voters older than 45.
ELECTORAL COLLEGE
In the end, it didn't matter that Clinton was on track to win more popular votes than Trump nationally: Her voters were too geographically concentrated to save her where it mattered most, in battleground states that tipped to Trump by small margins to produce a lopsided victory in electoral votes.
With three states too close to call, Trump led Clinton 279-228 in electoral votes. In the popular vote, Clinton was leading 47.7 percent to 47.5 percent, or by about 236,000 votes.
Trump pulled out victories in North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Florida by the narrowest of margins, yet collected 74 electoral votes from them, or more than a quarter of the 270 votes needed to win the presidency.
___
Associated Press writer Bill Barrow contributed to this report.
___
Follow Nancy Benac on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/nbenac , Thomas Beaumont at https://twitter.com/TomBeaumont and Bill Barrow at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
46069,"BERLIN (AP) — It's the last thing President Barack Obama ever expected he'd be doing in his final months in office: Coaching Donald Trump on how to be a world leader. As the president-elect holes up in his skyscraper, Obama is giving Trump policy advice, style tips and gentle nudges to let the fervor of the campaign give way to the sobriety of the Oval Office. And as Obama completes his last world tour, he's been thrust into the unexpected role of Trump translator to anxious U.S. allies.
Standing next to German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin, Obama said Trump would quickly see that a president's responsibilities can't be treated casually and that diverse countries can only be governed by ""listening and reaching out.""
""It is my hope that that is what will happen,"" Obama said. ""And I'm going to do everything I can over the next two months to help assure that that happens.""
Though the outgoing president made clear his profound disdain for Trump throughout the campaign, perhaps no one is better positioned than Obama to get him up to speed in a matter of weeks.
It's unclear, though, how much help Trump wants or will accept from Obama. And no one expects that the executive tutoring will substantially change Trump's vast differences with Obama, who he called the worst president in U.S. history.
After meeting with Trump following the election, Obama resolved to spend more time helping prepare Trump than he might under different circumstances — say, if Hillary Clinton had been elected, aides said.
Trump, to the surprise of many, seemed game. He said he wanted Obama's ""counsel"" and looked forward to ""many, many"" more meetings.
In the run-up to the election, the White House had planned only perfunctory, refresher-style briefings for Clinton, who is no stranger to the White House and whose transition team had prepared extensively for an expected takeover.
Soon after Trump's victory, White House chief of staff Denis McDonough directed that his preparatory materials be thickened and his intelligence briefings expanded to include more basic information, according to U.S. officials, who weren't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Obama and his closest advisers were irritated when it leaked out that Trump, during his White House visit, had displayed a lack of thorough knowledge about key issues while Trump's aides appeared unfamiliar with the process of staffing up a White House, officials said.
They were concerned if Trump felt insulted or aggrieved, he might pull the plug on accepting Obama's advice and help. After all, Obama's aides had been pleasantly surprised when Trump, after their Oval Office chat, had agreed to preserve key elements of the ""Obamacare"" health law, which he'd pledged during the campaign to repeal.
If Trump has felt patronized by Obama, so far he hasn't shown it. Asked why Trump's meeting this week with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was closed to the press, senior transition adviser Kellyanne Conway pointed out that Obama was traveling overseas.
""We are very deferential and respectful of the fact that we already have a president of the United States, Barack Obama,"" Conway told reporters. ""President Obama is still in office for the next two months, and we won't be making diplomatic agreements today.""
Though Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence have spoken by phone to more than 30 heads of state since the election, Trump hasn't been heard from publically, save for one television interview and occasional tweets. From his suite in Trump Tower, he and top aides have been interviewing candidates for the 4,000-odd roles they must fill.
Unsure how Trump as president may shake up foreign relations, world leaders have turned to Obama for information about what to expect. Traveling this week to Greece, Germany and Peru, Obama has tried to reassure U.S. partners that Trump, in their Oval Office meeting, expressed a ""full commitment"" to NATO.
""I am encouraged by the president-elect's insistence that NATO is a commitment that does not change,"" Obama said in Germany.
During the campaign, Trump said the U.S. didn't ""really need NATO in its current form,"" calling it obsolete and threatening not to defend NATO allies unless they pay more into the alliance. Though Trump has since softened those comments, he hasn't offered the explicit reassurances in public that Obama said he offered in private.
But Obama said he was ""cautiously optimistic"" that transitioning from candidate to president-in-waiting would force Trump to focus and get serious about ""gaining the trust even of those who didn't support him.""
""That has to reflect itself not only in the things he says, but also how he fills out his administration,"" Obama said. ""And my hope is that that's something he is thinking about.""
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
303957,"Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton beat  billionaire Donald Trump in the general election's popular vote by a considerable margin. But that fact is still up for debate — at least, according to Google. The Democratic nominee reportedly garnered at least 61,324,576 votes as of Tuesday, or 47.9 percent of the total vote, compared to Trump’s 60,526,852, or 47.2 percent. The gap between those numbers could grow even bigger as left-leaning counties continue to send in the last of their ballots, giving Clinton upwards of a 2 million-vote lead. Still, Trump secured more than the 270 Electoral College votes required to take the White House without receiving the majority of votes from individual Americans, scoring 290 to Clinton’s 232.
But if you missed last week's presidential election entirely and simply searched ""who won the popular vote?"" on Google, the first page of results would yield starkly different answers.
A right-wing WordPress site titled 70News.com  managed to land itself at the top of Google's election results in the wake of the contest, reporting Trump received the majority of votes instead of his opponent. The site called for the shutdown of a ""loony petition"" on Change.org urging the Electoral College to vote in line with the majority of the country. It has features on ""Hillary’s Health"" and ""Religion,"" which argues the Republican president-elect is a prophetic entity who has come to save the White House.
Though Google does not remove search results save for malware or illegal content, the search engine took responsibility for the circulation of the unfounded reports.
""The goal of Search is to provide the most relevant and useful results for our users. In this case we clearly didn’t get it right,"" a Google spokesperson told International Business Times in an email. ""We are continually working to improve our algorithms.""
Trump’s first official days as president-elect have seen a bevy of protesters and activists demanding the real estate magnate be kept out of the White House. Some demonstrations have been motivated by Clinton's popular vote victory.
One week after the election, 70News.com remains on the front page of Google’s search results, along with  similar headlines like ""Hillary did NOT win the popular vote – Trump won landslide by the numbers"" and YesImRight.com ’s ""No Liberals…Hillary did NOT win the popular vote."" 
 
Related Articles 
Michigan, New Hampshire's Unofficial Vote Tallies Are In Conservative Talk Show Host Laura Ingraham Could Join Trump Cabinet",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
184091,"1 / 11 1) eclectic style 
One of the best parts about traveling is picking up quirky things along the way. Here's how to fit new global items into your home decor. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
306700,"Pink Martini, ""Je dis oui!"" (Heinz Records) Pink Martini brings its progressive commitment to ""Je dis oui!"" (""I say yes""), an entertaining global jaunt in eight languages and a whirling variety of styles.
With no airs and graces but plenty of splendor, Thomas Lauderdale's big band/little orchestra explores songs from Armenia to Portugal, a few originals and American standards like ""Love for Sale"" on its ninth studio album.
NPR's Ari Shapiro helps out on ""Ov Sirun Sirun,"" said to be most famous folk song from Armenia and a real tearjerker about unrequited love, while Rufus Wainwright sings ""Blue Moon"" with its now rarely-played introductory verse which further deepens the melancholy.
Songs from Turkey, Iran and Lebanon add to the subliminal ""can't we all get along"" message saturating the album, world music from the times before it became just another marketing label and ""exotic"" sounds were not so easily within reach.
""Finnisma De"" revamps a Chopin-quoting tune from the band's first album as a yearning yet hopeful refugee song in Arabic, lyricist Iyad Qasem giving voice to the suspended destinies of so many.
Among the originals is a trio of songs in French sung by band mainstay China Forbes from ""Souvenir,"" a recent film starring Isabelle Huppert. She plays a singer who once lost to ABBA in the Eurovision song contest and is attempting a comeback with the support of her much-younger, boxer boyfriend.
In other words, one more story where Pink Martin feels right at home.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
245655,"BRUSSELS (AP) — European Union foreign ministers are trying to reach a common stance on Turkey over the government crackdown on political opponents and the media. EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said she and the ministers would strive Monday for ""a common, united position on developments in Turkey.""
Turkey and the EU have been locked in a war of words over Ankara's commitment to democracy and rule of law in the wake of the failed coup in the country in July.
The crackdown has raised questions about Turkey's EU membership prospects.
EU officials say it's time for Ankara to say whether it really wants to join, but Mogherini said the future of membership wouldn't be on the table at Monday's talks in Brussels.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
234966,"Tina Knowles Recreates Beyoncé & Solange's Album Looks Lauren Alexis Fisher From Harper's BAZAAR Tina Knowles, also known as Instagram superstar @MsTinaLawson , recreated both her daughters' 2016 album looks over the weekend. Following Solange's SNL debut , the proud mom took to Instagram to share her spot-on impression of looks from Lemonade and A Seat At The Table . First, she recreated Solange's A Seat At The Table album cover, barrettes and all: And then she morphed into Beyoncé's Formation look flawlessly: Nailed it. This is what you call mother-daughter goals. You Might Also Like",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
54482,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An International Criminal Court investigation of possible war crimes by U.S. forces in Afghanistan is not ""warranted or appropriate,"" the U.S. State Department said on Tuesday after prosecutors in The Hague found initial grounds for such a probe. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau said the United States was not a party to the Rome Statute that created the International Criminal Court in The Hague and had not consented to ICC jurisdiction. She also said Washington had a robust justice system able to deal with such complaints.
""The United States is deeply committed to complying with the law of war,"" Trudeau told reporters at a news briefing. ""We do not believe that an ICC examination or investigation with respect to actions of U.S. personnel in relation to the situation in Afghanistan is warranted or appropriate.""
Her comments came a day after prosecutors at the International Criminal Court said in a report that there was a ""reasonable basis to believe"" that U.S. forces had tortured at least 61 prisoners in Afghanistan and another 27 at CIA detention facilities elsewhere in 2003 and 2004.
The prosecutors' office, headed by Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda, said it would decide imminently whether to pursue a full investigation. The results could lead to charges being brought against individuals and the issuing of arrest warrants.
The United States occupied Afghanistan in 2001 as it went after al Qaeda leaders behind the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington. Crimes also may have been committed at U.S. Central Intelligence Agency facilities in Poland, Lithuania and Romania, where some people captured in Afghanistan were taken, prosecutors said.
The U.S. Justice Department between 2009 and 2012 investigated CIA mistreatment of detainees, including a full criminal investigation into two deaths in U.S. custody, but ultimately decided against prosecuting anyone.
Some U.S. military personnel have been prosecuted for murder and other crimes in Afghanistan.
The ICC was established in 1998 to prosecute war crimes and crimes against humanity. Trudeau noted the United States has ""engaged with the ICC and we've supported ICC investigations and prosecution of cases that we believe advance our values in accordance with U.S. law.""
But she said the U.S. military was held to ""the highest possible standards"" and the United States had systems of accountability capable of dealing with war crimes allegations.
""We do an extraordinary job of investigating ... credible allegations, holding ourselves accountable, holding our personnel accountable and closing investigations in a manner that serves justice,"" she said.
(Reporting by David Alexander and Thomas Escritt; Editing by Tom Brown)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
278715,"InStyle November 12, 2016 You know it's Friday when we round up the best moments on TV this week. From that ""finally!"" moment from this week's Jane the Virgin , to the cringe-worthy insanity of Crazy Ex-Gilfriend's latest episode, we've got it all right here, and if you haven't watched all your shows yet for the week, we suggest you stop reading now, before you hit a spoiler. You've seen the warning, proceed with caution. VIDEO: 11 TV Shows & Specials to Watch in November 5193945050001 While not every single TV programme that aired this week is part of our roundup, rest assured that we'll be picking out the best moments from a wide variety of shows, with the final few top moments making the cut. As the (TV) seasons change, and hiatuses fall in and out of play, we'll be here, ready to share our take on the hottest on-screen drama. From our television addiction to yours, scroll down below to relive the most explosive reveals and takeaways of the week. Enjoy! Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
102922,"1 / 34 Great Holiday Gifts Under $20 
So you're on a budget this year — who isn't? These finds look more expensive than they really are ... just don't forget to take off the price tag before wrapping 'em up in pretty paper. Reblog ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
133871,"By Alissa de Carbonnel BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU regulators set a path on Wednesday for renewables to power half of Europe by 2030, with plans to cut energy use, phase out subsidies for coal and enforce greater cross-border trade.
The European Commission's the 1,000-page draft law seeks to meet goals on cutting emissions and adapt Europe's grid to digital technologies and wind and solar power that is transforming industry and challenging utilities.
It sets Brussels on a collision course with governments that want to insure against black-outs by subsidizing conventional power and maintain sovereignty over pricing and grid operation.
Facing a crisis of confidence over Britain's vote to leave the bloc, the EU executive is seeking to champion consumer rights, pledging to lower prices, streamline billing and remove barriers for households to potentially sell surplus electricity from resources such as solar panels.
""Today there is not enough flexibility, the price signals are not working, we don't have enough cross-border exchanges,"" Commission Vice President Maros Sefcovic said. ""The consumers are coming last in the line.""
While wholesale power prices have plummeted, consumer bills have risen by around 3 percent a year across the bloc since 2008, EU data shows.
Many EU nations are stuck, Sefcovic said, due to vested interests struggling to adapt to new competitors and the bloc's climate pledge to cut emissions by 40 percent by 2030.
Poland has objected to provisions that could threaten its coal-mining industry, while Germany is wary of curbs on priority treatment for wind and solar power.
The bill sees governments ceding power to the EU's energy regulatory agency ACER to rule on disputes over the shape of single-price trading zones like that which covers joint German-Austrian power markets.
Local grid operators have voiced their own doubts over obligations for greater regional cooperation.
ENERGY SAVING
In an effort to reduce dependence on imports of fossil fuel and lighten the load on the grid, the EU executive set a binding target to cut energy use by 30 percent by 2030.
The move was welcomed by some environmental campaigners but still falls short of a call by European lawmakers for a 40 percent reduction. Analysts said the target could push down carbon permit prices.
The proposal - which still needs approval by member states and European Parliament - also takes aim at subsidies for fossil fuels by setting stricter limits on support schemes for reserve power, known as capacity mechanisms.
They would have to be open across borders and to innovative providers who offer capacity via schemes that pay firms to ramp down consumption in so-called demand-side response.
The bill attaches a limit of 550 grams of carbon dioxide per kilowatt-hour to capacity mechanism for new plants from 2021 - ruling out their use for inefficient coal-fired stations.
Green groups, however, said an EU-wide renewable energy goal of 27 percent by 2030 lacked ambition and was undermined by weak rules forgoing nationally-binding targets.
Also at issue are plans to scale back the right of renewable energy producers to be the first to sell into the grid for new projects in EU nations such as Germany where renewables already make up a large share of the power mix.
In a move to allay concerns that changes could stifle investment, the bill maintains ""priority dispatch"" for existing and small-scale assets. Europe's wind lobby called the proposal ""more good than bad"".
Among the biggest losers are farmers producing crop-based biofuels, with the ethanol lobby saying it felt ""betrayed"". The Commission has taken a U-turn on policies to promote them; they have been criticized for taking land that should be used for food.
The draft law caps their share of fuels used in transport to 3.8 percent in 2030, envisaging instead electrification of transport and advanced biofuels from agriculture or forestry industry waste reaching 6.8 percent.
(Additional reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek in Brussels and Susanna Twidale in London; editing by Susan Thomas)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
264552,"VIENNA (AP) — Police say they are questioning a Nigerian woman in connection with the death of a newborn found in a waste container at Vienna's airport. Police spokesman Raimund Schweigerlehner says Friday that a 27-year-old from Nigeria has been detained. She is not being identified in line with Austrian anonymity laws.
The Austria Press Agency quoted SMZ Ost hospital spokesman Christoph Merau as saying the infant was admitted for treatment after being found in a washroom by cleaning staff, but the baby died as a result of a long period without sufficient oxygen.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
332745,"Hawaii Five-0: Lou Diamond Phillips Cast as No-Nonsense U.S. Marshal Matt Webb Mitovich Pin it Share Lou Diamond Phillips will guest-star on an upcoming episode of CBS’ Hawaii Five-0 — and we’ve got the details. TVLine has learned that the Longmire vet will play Lincoln, the officious and no-nonsense U.S. Deputy Marshal who heads a Special Operation Group’s tactical team. Phillips will appear in the 14th episode of Season 7, to air sometime in early 2017. RELATED Hawaii Five-0′ s Alex O’Loughlin Hints at His Exit Plan Phillips — whose previous TV credits also include Blindspot, Southland, Stargate Universe and Numb3rs — shared the casting news via Twitter, accomplished by a photo of him with fellow Longmire alum (and onetime H50 guest star) Peter Weller, who is directing Episode 14. When are they gonna get me out of these dumps?! Thrilled to work with my dear friend #PeterWeller again! #Aloha #HawaiiFive0 pic.twitter.com/s1ocgNCPcu 
— Lou Diamond Phillips (@LouDPhillips) November 17, 2016 Hawaii Five-0 airs Fridays at 9/8c. Want more scoop on H50 , or for any other show? Email and your question may be answered via Matt’s Inside Line . Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
201950,"Shutterstock There’s a reason that “rocket science” is the gold standard metaphor for complex, difficult tasks. Rockets are finicky creatures as likely to blow up as they are to work — something SpaceX learned the hard way when their Falcon 9 rocket exploded on the launch pad in September, a blast so concussive it was picked up on radar. And it turns out the explosion was because of a problem that had literally never happened before in the history of rocketry.
The Falcon 9 is largely powered by liquid oxygen, also known as LOX, which has to be kept at a temperature of about -340 degrees Fahrenheit, which is fairly close to the temperature it freezes solid at, -362. It’s shoved out of the rocket by liquid helium, which is much colder and may have leaked into the fuel tank. While Space X is shy about the details, an interaction between the carbon fiber tank, the liquid helium, and the LOX meant that essentially, the fuel froze solid and the ignition phase, not being able to go down, instead went everywhere. Yes, the rocket exploded because it froze solid .
Related Links: 
President Obama Envisions Human Missions To Mars By The 2030s Everything You Need To Know About Sending A Weather Balloon Into Space  

The good news is that this bizarre accident is unlikely to happen again. SpaceX engineers, having figured it out, will ensure it doesn’t. Not least because frozen things shouldn’t explode. Come on, popular science is annoying enough sometimes without being that counterintuitive!
(via Engadget )",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
118653,"London (AFP) - Substitute Divock Origi and James Milner struck to send Liverpool top of the Premier League as both they and Manchester City stole past previous leaders Chelsea in Saturday's action. Sergio Aguero scored two scruffy goals as City won 2-1 at Burnley and Liverpool followed suit by downing Sunderland 2-0 after losing Brazilian playmaker Philippe Coutinho to a worrying injury.
""It was an intense game for us and a deserved win at the end,"" said Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp.
""It (Coutinho's injury) is an ankle injury, but we can't say anymore until we see a scan.""
Chelsea can reclaim top spot if they secure a seventh successive victory when they host London rivals Tottenham Hotspur in the day's late game.
Swansea City claimed an extraordinary 5-4 win over fellow strugglers Crystal Palace , while champions Leicester City narrowly avoided a seventh defeat of the campaign in a 2-2 draw with Middlesbrough.
Having seen City prevail at Turf Moor in the early game, Liverpool were under pressure to produce the goods against a Sunderland team who had won their two previous matches.
Former Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was in attendance at Anfield, two days after announcing his retirement from football.
But he could only look on with concern as the influential Coutinho was stretchered off with his right ankle in a brace after hurting himself in a challenge by Didier Ndong.
Origi took the Brazil international's place and he gave Liverpool reward for their dominance in the 75th minute with his first league goal of the season.
Jordan Henderson picked the Belgian forward out on the left and he cut inside onto his right foot and swept a shot inside the far post.
Milner completed victory from the penalty spot in the first minute of injury time.
Burnley took a shock 14th-minute lead against City when Dean Marney met Nicolas Otamendi's headed clearance with a thumping 25-yard volley that nestled in the bottom-left corner.
- Pardew woe -
But Aguero equalised in the 37th minute, stabbing home after Burnley failed to clear a corner, and the hosts' luck continued to desert them as both Marney and Johann Berg Gudmundsson went off injured.
A defensive mix-up allowed City to net the decisive goal in the hour, with Fernandinho's cross striking Aguero and going in after Ben Mee and Stephen Ward had got in each other's way.
""We are so satisfied for the points and the performance, especially two days after the Champions League,"" said City manager Pep Guardiola, whose side host Chelsea next weekend.
""All of the players showed huge character and a lot of personality –- and after going 1-0 down at a stadium where only Chelsea are better at home. We are so happy.""
Swansea upped the pressure on Palace manager Alan Pardew by condemning the south London club to a sixth straight defeat in a madcap game that gave Bob Bradley his first win since becoming manager.
Palace led 1-0, fell 3-1 down, fought back to go 4-3 up, but eventually succumbed courtesy of a remarkable brace of injury-time goals from Spanish striker Fernando Llorente.
""It was mad,"" said Swansea midfielder Jack Cork.
""At 3-1 we thought the game was finished. At 4-3 we were a bit deflated, but somehow we managed to get the win.""
The victory took Swansea off the foot of the table, where they were replaced by Sunderland, and left Palace above the bottom three on goal difference.
Leicester reached the Champions League last 16 in the week and they were almost brought down to earth with a bump by Middlesbrough at the King Power Stadium.
Alvaro Negredo twice put Boro ahead, but Riyad Mahrez cancelled out his first goal with a 34th-minute penalty and Islam Slimani rescued a draw with another spot-kick in the fourth minute of added time.
Elsewhere, Gareth McAuley's header was cancelled out by Michael Dawson as West Bromwich Albion were held to a 1-1 draw at Hull City.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
72402,"Pin it Share The good news is this week’s Saturday Night Live feels comfortable and safe; the bad news is this week’s SNL feels comfortable and safe. Kristen Wiig – who doesn’t have any current projects to promote — returned to studio 8H and brought a herd of cameos in what feels like a Thanskgiving reunion without the family drama. Jason Sudeikis, Will Forte, and Steve Martin all joined her for an episode that had no breakout winners like David S. Pumpkins, but also had no real losers — a rarity for a show that has to put up an hour and a half of original material a week. The cold open featured the return of Alec Baldwin as Trump in a solid sketch where he was forced to confront his inability to fulfill all of his campaign promises. It’s funny, but it brings up the awkward question that nobody thought they would have to answer two weeks ago: What do you do when your cast doesn’t have anyone who can play the president? Ideally, they should have found a featured player over the summer who did a good Trump and held him in reserve. They could still have used Baldwin, but if Trump won the election, they could have swapped his Trump out for the new guy. But now, as soon as Baldwin goes off to do a movie, SNL has nobody to fill in. Kristen Wiig was known, during her tenure on the show, for her loud and obnoxious characters, but the monologue showed why she’s a movie star. Her ability to say absurd things with absolute, deadpan conviction is second to none. If you can make an audience think — even for a split second — that the statement “Because pink, white and brown: Those are the colors of the French flag,” is true , then convincing them that you’re actually busting ghosts is child’s play. Best Sketch: “Donald Trump Prepares” A send-up of the president-elect’s recent backpedalling. The scene benefits from Kate McKinnon’s increasingly despondent Kellyanne Conway (“Is there something on your shoulder?” “Yes. All of this.”) and a crazy uncomfortable handshake with Mitt Romney (Sudeikis). Worst Sketch of the Night: Surprise Lady Thanksgiving Kristen Wiig had more recurring characters on this show than you’ve had hot lunches and this is what they decided to go with? Sue must have her fans, but having Wiig reprise her instead of, say, Target Lady, Gilly, Dooneese, Aunt Linda or even The 2 A-Holes (Sudeikis is there too)? Weird, weird choice. Best Use of Kristen Wiig: “QVC Audition” SNL ‘s bread and butter is the big, wacky character sketch; relationship sketches almost never make an appearance, so it’s nice to see this one slip in. Wiig and Strong play best frenemies who are just a bit too involved in each other’s lives. Bobby Moynihan and Beck Bennett play the clueless husbands who have what may be the best scene exit of the season. And did anyone else notice that both “pendant” and “earring” are misspelled right there at the end? Comedy’s all about the details. Episode MVP: Cecily Strong Strong isn’t as flashy as Wiig, but her character work is impeccable and it’s clear that she fills the same space in the cast as Wiig once did as the go-to to anchor a scene. In QVC and Secret Word, she plays mirror versions of Wiig’s characters and more than holds her own. Potential Viral Hit: “Target Commercial” File this under: True, Funny Because It’s. Saturday Night Live returns with a new episode December 2 at 11:30 p.m. on NBC. Watch clips and full episodes of SNL on Yahoo View. ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
267855,"KUWAIT CITY (AP) — Kuwait's upcoming election will give the tiny emirate a chance to elect new representatives to what is arguably the Gulf's most powerful legislature, as the country is squeezed by low oil prices and fearful of extremist attacks. But what does one prominent candidate think ranks among the greatest dangers facing this OPEC nation? Cross-fit.
""Competing athletes play in a mixed environment, with foreign and even some Kuwaiti women wearing indecent clothes, like sports bras, in a public and mixed environment,"" railed Waleed al-Tabtabaie, a prominent opposition figure. ""This is shameful and unacceptable.""
Al-Tabtabaie's comments and those of others show how splintered Kuwait's opposition is despite many now saying they'll take part in the Nov. 26 poll after boycotting the last election, which followed tumultuous Arab Spring protests.
Since parliament dissolved in late October, 454 hopefuls have registered to run for Kuwait's 50-seat parliament. Lawmakers on paper have four-year terms, though most parliaments are dissolved early in Kuwait.
Among those running are many who sat out of Kuwait's 2012 election, including conservative Islamists and liberal reformers. Others remain imprisoned, like opposition politician Mussalem al-Barrak, who is serving a two-year sentence for a political speech deemed offensive to the emir, Sheikh Sabah Al Ahmad Al Sabah.
""We believe that we delivered a clear message by boycotting the previous elections,"" said Mohammed al-Dallal, a member of the Islamic Constitutional Movement, Kuwait's version of the Muslim Brotherhood.
""However, despite the fact that things have not changed, we feel that the upcoming period necessitates that we participate in the elections,"" he said. ""We need to take an active role in dealing with the extraordinary political and economic circumstances that the region is going through.""
Kuwait allows far more public dissent than other countries in the region, many of which have outlawed the Brotherhood and jailed its members. Parliament routinely calls powerful politicians to account, and the recently dissolved group of lawmakers had planned to question a host of government officials in the coming weeks about widely unpopular subsidy cuts.
While Kuwait, a country slightly smaller than the U.S. state of New Jersey, has the world's sixth largest proven oil reserves, its economy has been reeling. The global price of oil has been halved from heights of over $100 a barrel in the summer of 2014, forcing the government to cut gasoline subsidies and scale back cradle-to-grave benefits for its 1.4 million citizens.
The stalwart U.S. ally has also grown increasingly worried about possible militant attacks. In 2015, an Islamic State-claimed suicide bombing at a Shiite mosque in Kuwait City killed 27 people and wounded scores. In October, an Egyptian who allegedly was an Islamic State supporter rammed a garbage truck into a vehicle carrying U.S. soldiers, wounding only himself.
Those concerns, coupled with 87-year-old Sheikh Sabah's advancing age, have raised questions about Kuwait's future. But so far, its government has been slow to address any of it.
The government is in some ways shackled by the political freedoms its citizens enjoy, ratings agency Moody's suggested in a note to investors in October.
""These democratic elements of the system ... can be particularly disruptive to government effectiveness, which has been repeatedly demonstrated by the government's inability to implement reforms,"" Moody's said.
Many candidates so far seem to be focusing on less urgent issues.
Al-Tabtabaie, who is sweating the arrival of Cross-fit, began his campaign with remarks about a ballistic missile launch by Shiite rebels in Yemen that Saudi Arabia denounced as being fired toward the Islamic holy city of Mecca.
Saleh al-Nafisi, a political science professor at the Gulf University for Science and Technology, said al-Tabtabaie's campaign showed the lack of a cohesive strategy among the Kuwaiti opposition, and risked inflaming sectarian tensions among Kuwait's Shiite and Sunni populations, who live together largely in peace.
""The opposition as it stands today is certainly fractured,"" he said. ""Beyond its divisions and lack of leadership, there is no clear agenda of what they want to achieve.""
___
Associated Press writer Jon Gambrell in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
93049,"These Fierce Ombré Brows Are Not For The Faint Of Heart Rachel Selvin Pin it Share We're riding the ombré wave wherever it takes us, including to these dreamy purple eyebrows. While the look may not be well-suited for every day — it takes a lot of time and effort — it's perfect for Christmas parties, New Year's Eve celebrations, and anytime you want to break out of your comfort zone. Watch the video above for the full look, then try it for yourself using the steps below. Step 1. Work on one brow at a time. Brush your brows up and out, then lightly coat your first brow with white, cream shadow. Step 2. While the product is still wet, apply a deep-purple powder shadow to the outer portion of the brow with a clean, stiff, small makeup brush. Step 3. Apply a lighter shade of purple to the centre of the brows, blending into the darker purple to maintain a soft transition. Step 4. Finally, apply a pale-purple shadow to the inner third and blend the edges into the medium tone. Repeat on your other arch. Like what you see? How about some more R29 goodness, right here?",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
290922,"LONDON (Reuters) - France's far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen is now second-favorite to win power in next year's presidential election, just behind conservative Alain Juppe, British bookmaker William Hill said. Former economy minister Emmanuel Macron launched his bid for the presidency on Wednesday, a move likely to take votes from mainstream candidates in a tight race that promises a strong turnout for Le Pen.
William Hill offered odds of 6/4, equivalent to an implied probability of 40 percent that Le Pen will become the next ruler of France. Juppe had even odds.
Odds express the ratio of the amounts staked by parties to a bet, based on the expected probability either way.
Bookmakers got a host of major political events wrong in recent years, including the U.S. presidential election, the Brexit vote, the British Labour Party leadership election and the 2015 British election.
""Having been hammered by political punters backing Jeremy Corbyn at 200/1 to be Labour leader, Donald Trump at 150/1 to be US President, Brexit and a Tory General Election victory both at 6/1, we're taking no chances this time round,"" William Hill spokesman Graham Sharpe said.
The bookmaker was ""making sure we keep Marine Le Pen's as short as possible,"" he said.
Hills offered 5/1, or a 17 percent implied probability, for ex-premier Francois Fillon; 8/1, or 11 percent probability, for Nicolas Sarkozy; 16/1, or 6 percent probability, for Macron; 28/1, or 3 percent probability, for Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
French President Francois Hollande was given odds of 33/1, an implied probability of 3 percent.
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
175410,"Review: Love helps Jim James survive on 'Eternally Even' PABLO GORONDI Pin it Share This image released by ATO Records shows, ""Eternally Even,"" the latest release by Jim James. (ATO Records via AP) More Jim James, ""Eternally Even"" (ATO/Capitol) My Morning Jacket's Jim James takes a melancholy turn on ""Eternally Even,"" a dreamy if somber overview of some of life's pressures and challenges. The focus of James' attention is clear from the opening track ""Hide In Plain Sight,"" companionship and camaraderie acting as small-scale but effective balms to the meanness in this world. Considering there are five drummers, including the legendary Jim Keltner, credited on ""Same Old Lie,"" the song is a model of restraint, its Rock the Vote mentality summed up by the wisdom of ""Nothing is more difficult than changing what's been comfortable."" Written in the aftermath of the killings in Pulse nightclub in Florida, ""Here In Spirit"" has a hopeful outlook — ""Whatever it takes, we're gonna build it back"" — with a vocal turn from James reminiscent of Talk Talk's subdued drama. Famed New Orleans saxophonist Charlie Gabriel's contributions insert some spice into ""True Nature"" and ""In the Moment"" as James exposes more of his preoccupations, including future generations and stability among the chaos. All the struggles seem to reach their conclusion on the album-ending title track, as James explains that ""life's been completely fair"" to him while wishing the same to the song's recipient. So even if the ride was bumpy, it was worth it. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
313389,"Town & Country November 17, 2016 'Tis the season to deck the halls! We have 21 gift giving ideas for the person who's ready to dress up their home for the holidays.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
121234,"PARIS (AP) — France's government spokesman is insisting that Socialist President Francois Hollande and his prime minister can't compete against each other in an upcoming presidential primary. Attention turned Monday turned to the troubled French left, after the staunchly conservative Francois Fillon won the right-wing presidential nomination Sunday on promises of slashing public spending and immigration.
While the unpopular Hollande still hasn't said whether he'll seek re-election, Prime Minister Manuel Valls told French newspaper Journal du dimanche that he is ready to compete in the left-wing primary in January. The national election is in April and May.
Government spokesman Stephane Le Foll said on Europe-1 radio Monday, ""There will not be a primary between the president and the prime minister."" He said Valls could seek the nomination only if he leaves his job.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
203819,"'Bachelorette' Alum Ashley Hebert and Husband J.P. Rosenbaum Welcome Baby Girl! Jennifer Drysdale Share Congratulations to Ashley Hebert Rosenbaum! The former Bachelorette star and her husband, J.P. Rosenbaum, welcomed their second child together, a baby girl named Essie. LOOK: 'Bachelorette' Alum Michael Stagliano Welcomes Baby Boy, Can't Stop Posting Adorable Pics ""We are absolutely thrilled! She's just so perfect, the cutest little nugget you've ever seen and I swear I'm not biased,"" J.P. said in a statement to ET. ""She's a happy and healthy baby girl and we couldn't be more grateful! Our family of four now feels complete."" J.P. also took to Twitter to share his excitement over the birth of Essie -- whose full name is Essex Reese Rosenbaum -- born at 10:38 a.m. on Friday in Miami, Florida, according to People. The newborn weighed in at 7 lbs., 11 oz. and measured 19 inches long. ""Already has me wrapped around her little finger. I'm in trouble! #EssieLove,"" the proud father of two tweeted on Friday afternoon. It seems the couple couldn't be more prepared for their little girl, documenting every step of Ashley's pregnancy on social media. The pediatric dentist took to Instagram to share an adorable bumpin' pic just before her due date. RELATED: 'Bachelorette's Desiree Hartsock and Chris Siegfried Welcome Baby Boy -- Find Out His Name! ""I couldn't find an angle that made this look okay for 32 weeks,"" she captioned another pic of pregnant belly in September. ""You know I love my boy, but all this tiny girl clothing is out of this world. @monicaandandy @kickeepants,"" she wrote alongside a pic of her daughter's growing closet a few weeks earlier. And it looks like their 2-year-old son, Ford, has already perfected his big brother duties. ""Practicing for 'bayb '!!"" Ashley adorably captioned a snap of her son feeding a doll. Ashley and J.P. got engaged on the season finale of The Bachelorette in 2011, and married in a televised wedding special a year later. The proud parents announced they were expecting their second child together in May. RELATED: 'Bachelor' Alum Erica Rose Welcomes Baby Girl! Find Out Her Sweet, Family-Inspired Name ""I'm 100% excited that we're #ClearblueConfirmed with baby#2!!!"" J.P. captioned their sweet announcement on Instagram. ""Forgive me if my face says I'm 78% nervous because #ItsAGirl 😨 #NoBoyfriendZone #BacheloretteSeason47 #YeahRight #ClearbluePartner."" Ashley and J.P. aren't the only Bachelor couple to welcome a baby recently. Former Bachelor Sean Lowe's wife, Catherine , gave birth to a baby boy named Samuel in July. See more in the video below. Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
254311,"JERUSALEM (AP) — Israel appointed an ambassador to Turkey on Tuesday, its first since both countries recalled their envoys five years ago amid a spat over a deadly Israeli raid on a Turkish vessel trying to reach the Gaza Strip. The Foreign Ministry named Eitan Naeh as the new envoy to Ankara. Local media reported that Naeh is a diplomat currently serving in London but that he has served in Turkey in the past.
The return of ambassadors is part of a reconciliation deal that Israel and Turkey struck earlier this year, ending six years of animosity between the once-close allies.
Israeli-Turkish ties began to decline after Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whose party has roots in Turkey's Islamist movement, became prime minister in 2003.
Relations imploded in 2010 after an Israeli naval raid on a Turkish ship trying to breach the blockade of the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip. Nine Turkish activists were killed in the raid and one later died of wounds sustained in the incident.
Israel and Egypt imposed a blockade on Gaza after the Islamic militant group Hamas took power there in 2007.
The Israeli and Turkish ambassadors were recalled a year after the incident at sea.
It was not immediately clear on Tuesday when Turkey would appoint its ambassador to Israel.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
121433,"Fidel Castro Death: 6 Hollywood Luminaries Seduced By the Cuban Leader More Fidel Castro, the Cuban “Lider Maximo” who died at 90 on Friday, was a subject of fascination for Hollywood. Figures from Oliver Stone to Harry Belafonte to Steven Spielberg travelled to Cuba to meet him. Here are some of the Hollywood luminaries who met with Castro, or tried to, and offered words of admiration despite the leader’s tainted record on human rights. Sean Penn in Cuba: Hollywood's Still in Love With Fidel: Sean Penn in Cuba: Hollywood's Still in Love With Fidel Film director Steven Spielberg accepted an invitation in 2002 from Cuba’s film institute to attend a Cuban film festival featuring Spielberg’s work. Getty Images Jack Nicholson visited the island in 1998 and was followed by Cuban intelligence. Delfin Fernandez , a Cuban intelligence operative who defected in 1999 after becoming disillusioned with the regime, has recounted having bugged both Jack Nicholson and Leonardo DiCaprio’s rooms during their visits. Nicholson told Variety at the time that “he [Castro] is a genius. We spoke about everything.” The actor Jack Lemmon was praised by the Castro government at his death for being “a friend of Cuba.” Oliver Stone and Fidel Castro in ‘Comandante’ Oliver Stone was widely criticized for a 2003 documentary about Castro, “Comandante,” that allowed the dictator to tell his story his own way. Stone called Castro “very selfless and moral. One of the world’s wisest men.” Kevin Costner and Fidel Castro” width=”618” height=”464” data-credit=”getty images” /> Kevin Costner went to Cuba in 2001 to preview his film “13 Days” at a private screening for Castro: “It was an experience of a lifetime to sit only a few feet away from him and watch him relive an experience he lived as a very young man,” he said at a press conference at the time. “I’m so nervous and flustered because I can’t believe I have met him. He said that seeing us in person was very spiritual,” Campbell said of her 1999 visit to Cuba with fellow model Kate Moss, according to the Toronto Star. Robert Redford” width=”618” height=”412” data-credit=”getty images” /> Robert Redford met Fidel Castro more than once. From the Los Angeles Times in 2004 : 
Redford was in Cuba over the weekend wearing his producer’s hat for a private screening of “The Motorcycle Diaries” for the widow and children of the legendary Argentine guerrilla fighter, who was Castro’s comrade-in-arms. “He came to me…. He seemed in good health, good humor, good spirit,” Redford said of the 77-year-old Cuban leader after their brief encounter at the 8Hotel Nacional. 
Redford last saw Castro in 1988. The actor was said to have gone scuba-diving with the Cuban leader and was later questioned by U.S. officials. Other celebrities who embraced Cuba: Danny Glover, Ed Asner, Harry Belafonte, Gina Lollobrigida, Francis Ford Coppola, Woody Harrelson and Chevy Chase. Some of their choice quotes: “Socialism works. I think Cuba might prove that” (Chevy Chase). “If you believe in freedom, if you believe in justice, if you believe in democracy, you have no choice but to support Fidel Castro!” (Harry Belafonte). “We both have beards. We both have power and want to use it for good purposes.” ( Francis Ford Coppola) “Castro is an extraordinary man. He is warm and understanding and seems extremely humane.” (Gina Lollobrigida.) Related stories from TheWrap:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
184952,"Disney Crosses $6B At Global Box Office; First Time In Studio’s History Nancy Tartaglione Pin it Share Just a few short days ago, The Walt Disney Studios posted its biggest year of all time at the global box office, landing $5.851B to best the 2015 full-year record . Now, thanks to the spellbinding Doctor Strange , the Mouse has topped itself once again by speeding past the $6B mark — hitting it for the first time in the company’s history. As of today, Disney’s worldwide box office sits at $6.07B. This is only the second time in industry lore that a studio has levitated past the $6B threshold. Universal accomplished the feat in September last year , ending 2015 with a total $6.89B. There’s every chance that Disney could top that by the time the ledgers close on 2016. Still to come this year are Walt Disney Animation Studios’ Moana (November 23) and Lucasfilm’s Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (December 16). Currently, Disney’s fortunes are enjoying a tonic from Marvel’s Doctor Strange and its $325.4M global cume through Sunday. The movie is only in its first frame domestically , where it opened to $85M. Internationally, the cume is $240.4M with hefty hauls in China, Korea, the UK and Russia so far. Elsewhere this weekend, Finding Dory put a fin past Zootopia to become the No. 2 release of 2016 at the global box office with $1.024B. The forgetful blue tang also now stars in the No. 4 animated movie of all time. The other major Disney stars of 2016 include Captain America: Civil War ($1.15B); Zootopia ($1.023B); and The Jungle Book ($966M). Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
86448,"(Reuters) - Storm Otto became a hurricane off the Caribbean coast of Nicaragua on Tuesday, the U.S.-based National Hurricane Center said, with additional strengthening expected over the next couple of days. Otto was 305 miles (491 km) east-southeast of Bluefields, Nicaragua, at around 1600 EST, the NHC said.
The storm was packing maximum sustained winds of 75 miles per hour (121 km/h) and is expected to approach the coasts of Costa Rica and Nicaragua on Thursday, the Miami-based agency said.
(Reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
247653,"By Dan Whitcomb (Reuters) - Two bodies unearthed on the South Carolina property of a registered sex offender suspected in as many as seven murders have been identified as a husband and wife reported missing last December, a county coroner said on Wednesday.
The remains were discovered on the nearly 100-acre grounds in Woodruff of 45-year-old Todd Kohlhepp in the days after police freed a woman found chained inside a metal storage container there.
The bodies have been identified as married couple Johnny Joe Coxie, 29, and Meagan Leigh McCraw Coxie, 25, Spartanburg County Coroner Rusty Clevenger told reporters at a news conference.
Preliminary autopsy results show that the wife died of a gunshot wound to the head and her husband of a gunshot wound to the torso. They had been buried on the property belonging to Kohlhepp for approximately 11 months, Clevenger said.
Due to the condition of the clothed bodies they were identified through dental records and ""extensive tattoos"" on both bodies, he said.
Kohlhepp, who worked as a real estate agent, was taken into custody last week after sheriff's deputies heard banging from the storage container and found 30-year-old Kala Brown inside, chained by the neck.
Brown, who was reported missing in August along with her live-in boyfriend, Charlie Carver, told authorities that Kohlhepp shot Carver dead in front of her and that four more bodies might be buried on the grounds.
The remains of Carver, 32, were found in a shallow grave on the property the following day. Two more bodies were discovered in the ensuing investigation.
Spartanburg County Sheriff Chuck Wright has said that Kohlhepp has confessed to four previously unsolved killings at a motorcycle shop 13 years ago may ultimately be linked to as many as seven murders.
Kohlhepp, who has not yet retained an attorney, has so far been charged with four counts of murder and denied bail.

(Reporting by Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
204214,"Sofia (AFP) - Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borisov's candidate for president appeared headed for defeat to a left-leaning opposition candidate in the first round of elections, official results confirmed Monday, setting up a tense November 13 runoff. Tsetska Tsacheva won 22.0 percent of the vote behind Rumen Radev on 25.7 percent, the candidate of the opposition Socialists, the national election commission said on the basis of over two-thirds of votes counted.
The results were broadly in line with exit polls and projections released late Sunday.
A defeat for Tsacheva would be an embarrassing setback for the centre-right Borisov, 57, the burly former police chief who has been premier since late 2014.
Borisov had said before Sunday's first round that he would resign and call fresh elections if Tsacheva, who is speaker of parliament, failed to beat former air force commander Radev in the first round.
But late Sunday Borisov rolled back on this, saying that he would throw in the towel if Tsacheva, 58, fails to be elected Bulgaria's first female head of state next Sunday.
New elections could plunge the EU's poorest and arguably most corrupt country -- the average monthly salary is just 480 euros ($535) -- into renewed political turmoil.
A victory for Radev could also see ex-communist Bulgaria, which has long walked a tightrope between Moscow and Brussels, tilt more towards Russia. He has called for EU sanctions imposed on Russia over Ukraine to be lifted.
""We have lost a lot by declaring Russia more or less an enemy,"" the 53-year-old MiG ace said in a recent radio interview.
Radev has also said however that ""a necessary improvement in relations with Russia doesn't mean a retreat from Euro-Atlantic values.""
The job of Bulgarian president is largely ceremonial but he or she is still a respected figure with some powers.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
215553,"London (AFP) - Britain's Prince Harry confirmed Tuesday he is dating US actress Meghan Markle as he hit out at the ""wave of abuse and harassment"" she has suffered in recent weeks. In an unprecedented statement from Kensington Palace, the prince, 32, urged media organisations to refrain from ""further damage"" as he blasted the smears and ""racial undertones"" appearing in newspaper articles.
Harry also said he remains uncomfortable with public interest in his private life, which has rocketed since rumours began circulating that he was dating television actress Markle, 35, who is best known for her role as Rachel Zane in the US TV drama ""Suits"".
""The past week has seen a line crossed. His girlfriend, Meghan Markle, has been subject to a wave of abuse and harassment,"" said a statement from Harry's communications secretary Jason Knauf.
""Prince Harry is worried about Ms Markle's safety and is deeply disappointed that he has not been able to protect her. It is not right that a few months into a relationship with him that Ms Markle should be subjected to such a storm.
""He knows commentators will say this is 'the price she has to pay' and that 'this is all part of the game'. He strongly disagrees. This is not a game -- it is her life and his.""
A grandson of Queen Elizabeth II and the second son of the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, Harry is fifth in line to the throne.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
265199,"Oil prices headed lower on Friday after the latest OPEC report indicated significantly higher Iranian oil production.
(Click to enlarge)
(Click to enlarge)
(Click to enlarge)
(Click to enlarge)
(Click to enlarge)
(Click to enlarge)
(Click to enlarge)
The shockwave of the surprise election of Donald Trump is still being felt around the world, with all sectors of the global economy scrambling to figure out the ramifications of his presidency. The political establishment in Washington is reeling, and there are more questions than answers on Trump’s approach to energy. One thing is for sure: he will usher in one of the most deregulated eras for oil and gas in recent memory. He will rescind regulations that affect methane emissions, hydraulic fracturing, and greenhouse gas emissions. He will likely streamline or gut permitting requirements for major infrastructure projects, clearing the way for pipelines. He will probably open up public lands for expanded drilling opportunities, and in time, he could auction off drilling rights in the Atlantic Ocean, Arctic Ocean, Alaskan wilderness, and even the Eastern Gulf of Mexico. He has also promised to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord. Some of that agenda will require acts of Congress, but with Republican control of both the House and Senate, nearly all of that agenda is within reach. It is hard to overstate what a revolution in energy policy this could be. The one major caveat is that Trump has been vague on specifics, so the devil will be in the details.
EPA to become climate skeptic; Interior to be pro-drilling. Trump has Myron Ebell leading his EPA transition team, a known denier of climate science. His priority list will be gutting major environmental regulations, which could even include the “endangerment finding,” a scientific declaration that found carbon emissions as a threat to public health, which was used by the Obama administration as the legal justification for greenhouse gas regulations. In short, executive action on climate change is likely dead. That is ominous for the trajectory of climate change, but the energy industry will rejoice. Politico reports that Trump is considering Forrest Lucas, the founder of Lucas Oil, as his pick for Sec. of Interior. The agency oversees public lands, and would seem to be a move to open up the vast swath of public lands for more drilling.
Dakota Access to move forward. The Dakota Access Pipeline, led by Energy Transfer Partners (NYSE: ETP), will probably be able to overcome federal scrutiny and environmental protest under a Trump administration. ETP says that it expects to complete the pipeline in the first quarter of 2017 and is excited about the Trump administration. “My God, this is going to be refreshing, so I think, overall, I’m very, very enthusiastic about what’s going to happen with our country,” he said .
U.S. oil production rises. Weekly data from the EIA shows U.S. oil production up to 8.69 million barrels per day in the first week of November, up 170,000 barrels per day from last week. The rig count jumped by another 12 rigs as of Nov. 4, up 165 from the low point earlier this year. Drilling is picking up again and companies are getting back to work. But in a sign of trouble ahead, an oilfield services company in Calgary says that it is having trouble finding enough people to hire now that drilling is picking up pace. After having cut 700 workers over the past two years, The Canadian Press reports that Essential Energy Services is struggling to staff up as many workers have moved on to other industries.
Related: Trump To Clear Way For Oil Pipelines
OPEC production rising. The IEA said that OPEC production jumped to 33.8 million barrels per day in October, up 230,000 barrels per day from the previous month. OPEC issued similar numbers in its report released on Friday. That could mean that OPEC’s effort at cutting production to its stated 32.5-33.0 mb/d range as part of a November deal will be much more difficult to achieve, or even agree to. OPEC is also producing about 1 mb/d more than what demand is projected to be in 2017.
Oil prices falter. After a brief period of volatility after Tuesday’s election, oil prices have fallen back again as oversupply looms and doubts over OPEC persist. The IEA warned of “relentless global supply growth” after OPEC boosted production, and reiterated projections for a balancing at some point in 2017. “Prices could fall to $40 or perhaps a little bit lower, especially in the absence of a deal” by OPEC, Abhishek Deshpande, an analyst at Natixis SA, said on Bloomberg Television .
Oil hedges rising. The FT reports that several oil companies disclosed in recent filings that they have stepped up their oil hedges for 2017 production. With oil prices having risen to $50 per barrel last month, a handful of companies, including Devon Energy (NYSE: DVN), Cimarex Energy (NYSE: XEC) and Murphy Oil (NYSE: MUR), have hedged some of their production for next year. Hedging will protect them from downside risk to oil prices and grant them certainty for their spending plans.
Petrobras reports huge loss. Brazilian oil giant Petrobras reported a $5 billion loss in the third quarter, massively underperforming expectations. The state-owned company took large impairment charges. The company has $122 billion in debt, the largest in the world.
Shell to invest $10 billion in Brazil . Petrobras’ string of losses over the years, in some senses, plays to the advantage of international companies. The Brazilian government has begun liberalizing the oil sector in order to attract outside investment, wooing companies like Royal Dutch Shell (NYSE: RDS.A). Shell says it will invest $10 billion in Brazil over the next five years. These commitments are not surprising since Shell’s large purchase of BG Group was in part a play on offshore Brazil.
By Evan Kelly of Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
Oil And Gas - Huge Victors Of The Presidential Election World Oil And Its Seven Biggest Chokepoints IEA: If OPEC Doesn’t Cut, We’ll Drown In Oil",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
278063,Chicago police are taking aim at gun violence across the city by beefing up patrols and working to break-up gangs in the neighborhoods.,www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
136674,"How Does ""Gilmore Girls"" Handle Richard's Death? Peggy Truong Photo credit: Saeed Adyani | Netflix More This post contains spoilers about Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life , which is now streaming on Netflix. One beloved character you won’t see deliver new lines in the Gilmore Girls revival is Richard Gilmore. You still see Richard in the grandest of forms thanks to a painting commissioned by his widow Emily, who originally gave the wrong dimensions to the artist but here we are and here is Richard, forever remembered from floor to ceiling. In A Year in the Life , which finally premieres today, Richard’s memory and by extension, the memory of actor Edward Herrmann, who passed away in 2014, is everywhere. Richard’s passing is first mentioned by Rory and Lorelai in her kitchen over coffee, about 20 minutes into the first episode, “Winter.” But it’s not until Lorelai’s flashback to Richard’s funeral that the sadness hits you like a bus. The sight of all the mostly unidentifiable guests, along with Richard’s favorite record and some of his books and his three pillars - Emily, Lorelai, and Rory - is utterly touching. As Lorelai reveals to her (and Emily’s) grief therapist in the second episode, “Spring,” Richard had a heart attack and never fully recovered in the ICU. His last words were “Get the hell away from me,” said to the hospital staff and not his family, thankfully. Like anyone dealing with the sudden death of a loved one, Lorelai holds on to the what-ifs: “I didn’t get that moment, you know, that Lifetime movie moment, ‘I love you Lorelai.’ ‘I love you too, dad.’ Mom didn’t get it either.” Relatable? Very much so. Heartbreaking? You betcha. Naturally, Richard’s absence is felt during Friday night dinner. The 2016 version is bleak thanks to the sight of Richard’s empty chair, which no one has dared to occupy since his death. When Luke joins the Gilmore girls - and surprise dinner guest Kirk - for dinner in “Winter,” he respectfully stands to eat instead of taking Richard’s seat. The revival also pays tribute to Richard and Friday night dinner in episode four, “Fall,” when Rory goes back to the Gilmore mansion to begin working on her book. On her way, we get to eavesdrop on a Friday night dinner flashback, Richard’s voice, a glimpse of Richard at his desk, and an old note on the chalkboard to Emily about cheese. (Full disclosure: I was also a mess upon seeing the chalkboard). View photos Photo credit: SAEED ADYANI | NETFLIX More Throughout the revival, Richard is there in one way or another for all the important conversations between the women in his life. He is the reason Emily and Lorelai have two major fights in the Gilmore kitchen: at the funeral reception, the ladies have an explosive confrontation after Lorelai tells less-than-flattering stories about her late father in front of their friends. (Props to the all-too-familiar shouting and excellent acting here). Their second kitchen fight happens right before they go to visit Richard’s gravestone. Lorelai is upset that Emily’s elderly man friend Jack is making vodka drinks with Richard’s patio bar cart, which according to Rory, is less important than the living room cart, but still. Once at Richard’s gravestone, Rory tells Lorelai about her grand plan to write a book “about our mother-daughter thing” but as expected, Lorelai is initially not on board. Later, in a surprise phone call from her brief Wild journey, Lorelai tells Emily a story about her 13th birthday for the first time, involving heartbreak, cutting class to go to the mall, a pretzel covered in mustard, a double feature, a stolen Emily Gilmore shirt, and Richard the forgiving hero. Read More He’s also there during Emily and Lorelai’s final scene together at the Gilmore mansion. In “Fall,” Lorelai tells Emily she wants to expand the Dragonfly with money Richard put aside to franchise Luke’s diner. Emily agrees but based on one condition - you guessed it - scheduled dinners at her new home in Nantucket. (“Nantucket Summer Dinner” has a nice ring to it). At the end of their talk, Emily goes to fetch a vintage bottle of champagne to celebrate just as Lorelai discovers Richard had been there all along, all wrapped up in what appears to be the original dimensions of his floor-to-ceiling portrait. The slight reveal is both beautiful and gut-wrenching. View photos Photo credit: SAEED ADYANI | NETFLIX More Fittingly, Richard’s last appearance in the revival is with Emily in Nantucket. He’s in his rightful dimensions, hanging proudly on a wall, and within reach for Emily to blow loving kisses to. One might say the Gilmore Girls revival is really about how three women deal with the absence of someone as great as Richard Gilmore. Or that the revival is about how his memory lives on in these women and how they'll never lose sight of him, no matter how hard things get. What Amy Sherman-Palladino and Dan Palladino have done is provide outlets for everyone and on and off the show to grieve and celebrate together, and it’s up to you to choose which outlet works best. There’s no wrong answer. That’s what Richard would tell you. With a mustard covered pretzel in hand. Follow Peggy on Twitter .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
143894,"'Star Wars' Fans Can Snap Up Advance 'Rogue One' Tickets Beginning On Monday chris_zois Share Disney/Lucasfilm Disney isn’t waiting for the masses to get over their turkey hangovers, as the media conglomerate announced that tickets for Rogue One: A Star Wars Story will go on sale November 28 . Nerds everywhere will be able to secure their spot for the latest installment three weeks before the film will be released. Expectations are high for the film, although it will reportedly buck trends from the original Star Wars installments. Don’t believe that? Well, the filmmakers are throwing fans through a loop by not including an opening crawl . Ruining childhoods aside, Rogue One follows its most immediate predecessor, The Force Awakens , which exceeded expectations with $100 million in advance ticket sales (and also made more than $247 million its opening weekend and blew past the $2 billion mark worldwide). However, Forbes projects Rogue One to land somewhere in the $130 million range for its debut weekend, so it will still be big, just not record-setting huge. Many bothan spies would give their lives to make something even close to that box office total, but this is Star Wars , so insane ticket sales are to be expected. The film will see inevitable holiday competition, but it may become the holiday season winner.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
331324,"COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Denmark's center-right prime minister says he wants to expand his Cabinet with representatives from two more parties. Lars Loekke Rasmussen said Saturday he had invited the center-right Liberal Alliance and the Conservative Party to join the one-party minority government he formed after the June 2015 election. 2015. He didn't call early elections.
His Liberal Party holds 34 of Parliament's 179 seats and can only stay in power with support from the two small parties and the anti-immigration, populist Danish People's Party.
Loekke Rasmussen says the ruling party has more in common with the Liberal Alliance and Conservative parties.
If the pair joins, his government would still depend on the support of the Danish People's Party, which vehemently opposes tax cuts for the wealthy.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
128070,"Mel B is offering a huge reward to find the guy who stole her car Amanda Malamut More I’ll tell you what she wants, what she really really wants. Mel B is offering a huge reward to find the guy who stole her car. The former Spice Girl is offering a $5,000 reward to anyone who will help her catch the “scumbag” thief who broke into her car Friday morning in Beverly Hills. “I have a $5,000 reward to anyone who know’s this a**hole,” Mel B wrote. “I don’t care who was involved I want this guy caught.” Mel B wants any information about the break in to send a message to Stephen Belafonte , her husband, on Instagram. She is on the hunt. She posted two surveillance videos of the alleged robbery to Instagram. The videos show a man breaking the back window of her car, removing two suitcases from the vehicle. Mel B’s currently with her family in Australia (jealous!) as she is filming X-Factor Australia . “We will wire you the money for turning him in,” she added. The authorities have been notified, but she is also thinks that asking the public is essential to solving the case. “Neighbor by neighbor, we are going to track you down,” she captioned another surveillance video of the crime scene. “The police already have a good idea who you are, but in the meantime anybody who wants to make that $5,000, DM my hubby right now.” The police report hasn’t been confirmed, but we hope that perpetrators will be brought to justice!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
255597,"Kirstie Alley, Scott Baio, Stephen Baldwin and More Celebs Tweet Support for Donald Trump Desiree Murphy Pin it Share Donald Trump is ready to ""Make America Great Again,"" and he already has a number of celebrities on his side. Hours after the 70-year-old businessman was declared the 45th President of the United States over Hillary Clinton on Wednesday, stars took to social media to show their support. WATCH: Alec Baldwin Reacts to Donald Trump's Presidential Win Actress Kirstie Alley was one of the first to send Trump well wishes. ""CONGRATULATIONS PRESIDENT TRUMP! "" she tweeted. ""@realDonaldTrump against all odds ..against the establishment and even against most from the GOP..U did it!"" CONGRATULATIONS PRESIDENT TRUMP! @realDonaldTrump against all odds ..against the establishment and even against most from the GOP..U did it! — Kirstie Alley (@kirstiealley) November 9, 2016 Scott Baio echoed Alley's sentiments, writing, ""Great faith in God works."" ""Mr @realDonaldTrump,"" he continued, ""I'm proud to call you President of the United States of America. And First Lady @MELANIATRUMP."" Great faith in God works. Mr @realDonaldTrump I'm proud to call you President of the United States of America. And First Lady @MELANIATRUMP WATCH: Hillary Clinton Gives Concession Speech Day After Donald Trump Wins Presidential Election Azealia Banks, who has never been shy about publicly sharing her views, also weighed in, writing, ""I'm f**king proud as F**K of you."" ""One for being a gemini, two for being from NYC, three for winning the presidency and four for beating the media,"" she continued. ""The last part is your biggest victory in my eyes and I must say that I am TRULY inspired by this and feel deep amounts of vindication."" ""Thanks for letting me know that I'm not crazy (even though I fronted a few times),"" she added. ""Liberals run Hollywood and it's been a COLD WORLD OUT HERE FOR ME AS A TRUMP SUPPORTER 😹. Best of luck on everything and thanks again. Sincerely - AB #TRUMP2017."" Stephen Baldwin seemed pleased with the results, sharing a screenshot from Fox News' live election coverage. ""God is moving & America is speaking !! PTL,"" he captioned it. ""Soon the REAL work begins ... to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"" another tweet read. ""Proud to have been a part of such amazing history !! @realDonaldTrump."" God is moving",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
255229,"24 Emotional Stages of Election Day Sally Holmes From ELLE Today is Election Day! Hurrah! It might be the day we elect the first woman president! Or...the other thing! Either way, there are a LOT of emotions as we go to the polls―and then wait and wait and wait for the results. Here, the emotional stages of Election Day. Excitement and overwhelming feelings of patriotism: YOUR'E AWAKE AND IT'S ELECTION DAY AND AMERICA! Anticipation: The polls are open! You're going to vote! Excited patience: The lines are long! But you are so excited and patriotic and patient! Sliiightly Less Excited Patience: ...huh some of those lines are really long. But, patriotism! Peak Excitement: You made it! You're voting! Pride: YOU VOTED. (And maybe just helped elect the first female president!) Duty: Time to Insta that ""I voted"" selfie! Celebration: And time to like all your friends' ""I voted"" selfies! Because YAAAS! Accomplishment: Holy Beyoncé, you've done a lot today. Comprehension: And you just did something BIG. Confusion:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
121807,"Do You Really Need To Moisturise After Every Shower? Maria Del Russo Pin it Share Here are the things I always remember to do after I shower: Lay on my bed in my towel for 20 minutes while scrolling through Instagram, rinse out my plastic cup filled with shower wine (yes, I drink wine in the shower, and highly recommend it to anyone working in media), and double check that I have, in fact, successfully shaved both armpits. Here is something I often forget to do: moisturise. It's not like I haven't been reminded — just about every masseuse that's rubbed me down has commented on my scaly skin. But what can I say? I enjoy hot showers and do not enjoy standing naked in a freezing cold apartment. And, once my pyjamas are on, they aren't coming back off. (Unless, you know...) I'm not alone here either: a few of my beauty-editors friends have also admitted to missing this moisture step. But, according to dermatologist Dendy Engelman, MD, these slips can have major consequences. ""In biology class, we were taught that water moves from higher concentration to a lower concentration, and that's exactly what happens post-shower,"" she says. ""When you emerge from the shower, you have a higher concentration of moisture compared to the air — especially in the drier months with heaters. So water evaporates off the skin quickly, leaving the skin dry."" Moisturizing, Dr. Engelman explains, traps some of that water on your skin. (That's why it's so important to do it immediately when you step out of the shower.) And if you don't lotion up? Well, buckle up for an uncomfortable winter. ""Dry skin doesn't function optimally because the barrier function is compromised, leaving the skin sensitive and unbalanced,"" Dr. Engelman says. For the best results, you need to add yet another step: exfoliation. ""This helps your moisturiser to penetrate deeply into the skin, locking in natural oils, and aiding in repairing,"" she explains. ""Depending on the ingredients of the lotion you use, applying it over cracked, dry skin can cause burning and inflammation."" Now, if you're like me and tend to just slap some oil onto your legs, Dr. Engelman says you're missing some key zones in desperate need of protection. She specifically calls out your face, hands, and chest as areas to never miss with moisturiser. ""Ceramides, cholesterol, and fatty acids make up the essential components of the lipid layer of the skin on your face,"" she explains. ""This layer serves as your first line of defence against bacteria, pollution, and other harmful environmental assaults."" And if it's dry and sensitive, those free radicals are more likely to attack your skin. She suggests adding a shot of ceramides to whatever cream you usually smooth onto your face. (She loves Elizabeth Arden's Ceramide Capsules .) ""As for the rest of the body, I tell my patients this rule: ointments are more hydrating than creams, creams are more hydrating than lotions,"" she says. ""So depending on the area and dryness, this can help guide you."" And aside from remembering to moisturise, there are other things you can do to ensure you're staying smooth. ""Make sure to drink lots of fluids,"" she says. ""Water is the most essential ingredient for healthy, beautiful skin."" A diet rich in omega-3 and omega-6 oils can boost your skin's inner hydrating functions. And, for the love of all that is holy, turn your shower temperature down; hot water removes the surface lipids from your skin, allowing moisture to leak out, causing dryness. But the easiest way to remember to moisturise is to invest in a lotion that you love. Lately I've been greasing up with French-girl favourite Nuxe Huile Prodigieuse as soon as I step out of the shower. After that, I continue on with my regular ritual — and maybe just one more glass of wine.  ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
85139,"Paris (AFP) - Police broke up a terror ring plotting an attack in France after arresting seven suspects in Strasbourg and Marseille over the weekend, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said Monday. The arrests of the alleged plotters from France, Morocco and Afghanistan ""enabled us to prevent a long-planned terror attack on our soil,"" Cazeneuve told a televised news conference.
Investigators are trying to determine whether ""the foiled attack was a coordinated attack aiming to target several sites simultaneously on our soil.""
Police raids were carried out overnight Saturday in the eastern city of Strasbourg and Marseille in the south following an investigation by security services lasting more than eight months.
""Credible information made these arrests necessary,"" one security source told AFP earlier who was not authorised to comment on the case and spoke anonymously.
The mayor of Strasbourg, Roland Ries, said the interior ministry had told him the targets were ""in the Paris region"" and not in his city, which will open a major Christmas market this Friday.
France remains under a state of emergency that gives security forces enhanced powers to mount surveillance and launch raids, a year after attacks by jihadists on Paris that left 130 people dead.
Security and fears about Islamic extremism are key issues in campaigning ahead of France's presidential elections due in April and May next year.
""The threat of terrorism has never been so high on our soil,"" Cazeneuve said Monday. ""Zero risk cannot be guaranteed and anyone promising this is lying to the French people.""
He linked the latest suspects, aged from 29 to 37, to alleged extremists who were arrested shortly before the Euro 2016 football championship hosted by France in June and July.
Only one of the detainees was known to security forces, a Moroccan who had been flagged by a ""partner country,"" Cazeneuve said.
Some members of the network are thought to have spent time in Syria, a security source told AFP.
The interior minister said 418 people had been arrested for suspected links to terror networks since the start of the year.
- Election next year -
The centre-right Republicans party held the first round of a primary election to select its presidential candidate on Sunday which was won by the conservative Francois Fillon.
As well as promising more police and prison places, 62-year-old Fillon proposes stripping French jihadists of their nationality and published a book recently titled ""Beating Islamic Totalitarianism"".
He will face off against centrist Alain Juppe to clinch the nomination next Sunday, with the winner tipped to meet the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the final round of next year's election.
France has suffered three major attacks since January 2015 when gunmen targeted the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket, followed by last November's atrocities in Paris.
In July, a self-radicalised extremist drove a truck through crowds watching fireworks in the southern city of Nice, killing 86.
In between, a host other killings inspired by the Islamic State group, from the murder of a priest in his church to the fatal knifing of a police officer and his partner at home, have deepened fears among the French public.
""Everything is being done at all times to protect the French people,"" President Francois Hollande said in a statement on Monday which also praised the security forces for their work.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
50178,"CAMDEN, N.J. (AP) -- Campbell Soup's first-quarter profit beat Wall Street's view, helped by reduced expenses and sharply lower restructuring charges. Its shares rose more than 3 percent in midday trading.
The maker of canned soup, Pepperidge Farm cookies and V8 juice earned $292 million, or 94 cents per share, for the three months ended Oct. 30. A year earlier the Camden, New Jersey-based company earned $194 million, or 62 cents per share.
Earnings, adjusted for one-time costs and restructuring charges, came to $1 per share. This topped the 95 cents per share that analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research expected.
Revenue was basically flat at $2.2 billion. This met the expectations of analysts polled by Zacks.
Sales for the global biscuits and snacks unit edged up 1 percent mostly on gains in Pepperidge Farm. Sales for the Americas simple meals and beverages division were essentially flat, with gains in Plum products offset by lower sales of V8 beverages. U.S. soup sales were basically flat, with gains in ready-to-serve soup and broth offset by modest declines in condensed soups.
Campbell Soup Co. maintained that its fiscal 2017 adjusted earnings per share will climb by 2 percent to 5 percent, or $3 to $3.09 per share. It still anticipates sales being flat to up 1 percent. Analysts polled by FactSet expect earnings of $3.05 per share.
Its shares rose $1.94, or 3.5 percent, to $56.98 in midday trading Tuesday. Its shares are up more than 16 percent over the past year.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
270864,"LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest on the trial of German illusionist Jan Rouven Fuechtener in Las Vegas (all times local): 11 a.m.
A defense attorney for a jailed Las Vegas Strip illusionist complained that a prosecutor's opening statement at a child pornography trial misstated the facts of the federal case.
However, lawyers for defendant Jan Rouven Fuechtener postponed presenting an outline of his defense until the government delivered its case.
Fuechtener's trial began Monday before Chief U.S. District Court Judge Gloria Navarro in Las Vegas.
He has pleaded not guilty to collecting thousands of videos and images on computers at his home, including some depicting sex acts with kindergarten-age children.
He has chosen to have the case heard by the judge, not a jury.
Defense attorney Jess Marchese (mar-KAY'-see) said outside court it's likely that Fuechtener will testify in his defense, maybe Wednesday.
Fuechtener is a German citizen who performed on the Las Vegas Strip as Jan Rouven until his arrest last March.
____
8 a.m.
A judge is due to begin hearing evidence against a Las Vegas Strip illusionist from Germany who faces the possibility of decades in prison and up to $1 million in fines on federal child pornography charges.
Jan Rouven Fuechtener's non-jury trial starts Monday before Chief U.S. District Court Judge Gloria Navarro.
The 39-year-old Fuechtener is a German citizen who performed on the Las Vegas Strip as Jan Rouven.
He has pleaded not guilty to charges alleging that he collected more than 3,500 videos and images on computers at his home, including some depicting sex acts with kindergarten-age children
His show, ""The New Illusions"" at the Tropicana hotel-casino, closed following his arrest March 16.
Fuechtener has remained in federal custody while his trial has been postponed several times.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
122493,"Madonna has spoken out in support of her son Rocco Ritchie following his arrest for possession of marijuana. The singer called her 16-year-old child’s Sept. 28 arrest “a family matter” in a statement to PEOPLE. “I love my son very much. I will do whatever I can to give him the support that he needs, and I ask that you respect our privacy at this time,” Madonna, 58, said in her statement.
PEOPLE confirms Rocco, who lives with his father Guy Ritchie , was arrested for holding a small amount of cannabis on Sept. 28 in north west London.
“The arrest follows a stop and search by officers from Camden borough on Wednesday, 28 September,” Scotland Yard tells PEOPLE in an official statement. “ was dealt with by way of Triage, which uses multiple strands to engage and educate young people in order to prevent re-offending.”
In early September, Madonna visited Rocco in London after her and Ritchie’s eight-month-long custody battle had ended.
The dispute between Madonna and Ritchie, 48, began in December 2015 after he refused to return their son to his mother in New York City for the holidays, despite an order from a New York Supreme Court judge
Following a contentious hearing in March and months of back-and-forth outside of court between the former couple’s lawyers and Rocco’s court-appointed attorney, the exes came to an agreement privately. Both Madonna and Ritchie agreed that Rocco will remain in his father’s care in the U.K.
Reporting by PHIL BOUCHER and JEFF NELSON",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
223734,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A U.S. regulator found software in some Audi vehicles that lowered their carbon dioxide emissions if it detected they were being used under test conditions, Bild am Sonntag reported. The California Air Resources Board (CARB) discovered the software in an automatic transmission Audi last summer, the German weekly newspaper said, without citing any sources.
CARB and Audi declined to comment on Sunday's Bild am Sonntag report.
The paper said the device, which was not the same as the one which triggered last year's diesel emissions scandal at Audi parent Volkswagen, was also used in diesel and gasoline-powered cars in Europe.
VW's admission that it had installed software that deactivated pollution controls on more than 11 million diesel vehicles sold worldwide, triggered the deepest business crisis in the German carmaker's history.
Audi, the main contributor to VW group profit, has also admitted its 3.0 litre V6 diesel engine was fitted with emissions-control software.
Bild am Sonntag said the software discovered by CARB, which was installed in vehicles with certain automatic transmissions, detected whether a car's steering wheel was turned.
If it was not, indicating laboratory testing conditions, the software turned on a gear-shifting programme which produced less carbon dioxide than in normal road driving. If the wheel was turned in any direction by more than 15 degrees, the programme was switched off, the paper said.
Audi stopped using the software in May 2016, just before CARB discovered the manipulation in an older model, the paper said, adding that the carmaker had suspended several engineers in connection with the matter.
Bild am Sonntag said a spokesman for Audi had declined to comment, citing ongoing talks with U.S. and California regulators on a proposed fix for cars with 3.0 litre engines.
(Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Additional reporting by Andreas Cremer and Joe White; Editing by Alexander Smith and Adrian Croft)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
27968,"Nicosia (AFP) - Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades said Wednesday he was determined to continue peace talks aimed at uniting the island, after UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon warned against missing a ""historic opportunity"" for peace. The latest UN-brokered negotiations between Anastasiades and his Turkish Cypriot counterpart Mustafa Akinci held in Switzerland this month ended on Tuesday with no agreement, with the two sides still far apart on the key issue of land-for-peace.
""I want to assure that I am determined and ready to take the necessary steps to continue the dialogue,"" Anastasiades said in a televised address on Wednesday.
""I am ready to continue the dialogue where it broke off,"" adding that he was in touch with EU leaders to keep the ""door open"" for talks.
Cyprus has been divided since 1974, when Turkish troops invaded the northern third of the island in response to an Athens-inspired coup seeking union with Greece.
The much-heralded talks were supposed to produce a map of the internal boundaries of a future federation on the island to pave the way for a deal by early next year.
But like the five days of discussions earlier this month, negotiations broke down, with each side blaming the other for the lack of progress.
Ban said he will be in contact soon with the leaders to discuss the next steps with just five weeks to go before the UN chief hands over to Antonio Guterres to lead the world body.
""The secretary-general urges the leaders to continue their efforts in line with their shared commitment to do their utmost in order to reach a settlement in 2016,"" said a statement from Ban's spokesman.
""Especially in a region and in a world marked by increasing tension, they must not let this historic opportunity slip,"" he added.
- Breakdown 'deeply regretted' -
Cyprus is one of the world's longest-running geopolitical disputes and has been a key stumbling block in Turkey's EU accession bid.
Turkish Cypriots made up just 18 percent of the island's population in 1974, but they currently control more than a third of its territory.
It has always been agreed that some of the territory currently controlled by the Turkish Cypriots will be ceded to Greek-Cypriot control in any peace deal.
Anastasiades said the talks broke down on the issue of territorial adjustments because the ""Turkish Cypriot side didn't show the required flexibility despite our efforts.""
He said he ""deeply regretted"" the negative outcome in Switzerland but said he would not allow the opportunity to settle the four-decade-long crisis ""to be lost"".
Anastasiades revealed that the two leaders were close on the percentage of territory to remain under Turkish Cypriot administration in a future federation, with Akinci suggesting 29.2 percent and the Greek Cypriots proposing 28.2 percent.
But they remained far apart on how many Greek Cypriots should be able to return to homes they fled in 1974, with Akinci determined to minimise the number of Turkish Cypriots who would be displaced for a second time.
Anastasiades and Akinci have been among the most outspoken proponents of a deal within their own communities, but they would still have to sell any agreement they reach to their respective voters.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
67911,"Nsanje (Malawi) (AFP) - An HIV-positive Malawian man who said he slept with at least 100 girls and women in traditional cleansing rituals was to be sentenced Tuesday after being convicted of ""engaging in harmful practices"". Eric Aniva was prosecuted on the orders of President Peter Mutharika after publicly speaking about his role as a ""hyena"" in a BBC documentary.
Custom in some parts of southern Malawi demands that a man, known as a ""hyena"", is paid to have sex with bereaved widows to exorcise evil spirits and to prevent other deaths occurring.
At the request of a girl's parents, the ""hyena"" is also paid to have sex with adolescent girls to mark their passage to womanhood after their first menstruation.
The ritual, which many Malawians say is rarely practised today, is believed to train girls to become good wives and protect them from disease or misfortune that could fall on their families.
After an international outcry over the documentary, President Mutharika ordered Aniva's arrest in July.
On Friday, in the first case of its kind, Aniva was found guilty on two counts by magistrate Innocent Nebi after a one-day trial in the district of Nsanje.
The charges, under the gender equality act, involved the ritual of sex with widows as none of the younger girls would testify, according to reports.
At the trial, in front of a packed courtroom, the state produced six witnesses against Aniva, 45, who pleaded not guilty.
- High HIV rates -
The magistrate said the court had concluded that ""sexual cleansing violates the dignity of widows"".
State prosecutor Chiyembekezo Banda demanded a long prison sentence for Aniva, saying he was probably responsible for the spread of HIV.
Malawi is one of the worst affected countries in the world, with 27,000 deaths from AIDS-related illnesses and nine percent of the adult population infected with HIV.
Aniva faces a possible five-year jail term, according to the BBC.
Michael Goba Chipeta, Aniva's defence lawyer, told the court his client should not be jailed.
Chipeta appealed for Aniva to not be used as ""a sacrificial lamb"", saying ""the publicity he has attracted is punishment enough"".
Before being led by police to his cell, Aniva told AFP: ""I am not worried about being convicted. I think I will be given a suspended sentence.""
His second wife Sophia, who was in court on Friday, was in tears and declined to speak to the press.
Aniva said he had slept with at least 104 women and girls, some as young as 12, in a ritual that lasts three days.
He said each family paid him a fee of between $4 and $7.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
199182,"TALLINN, Estonia (AP) — Estonia's second largest political party, which is popular among the Baltic country's sizeable ethnic Russian minority, has chosen a new leader. Juri Ratas will replace Edgar Savisaar, who founded the opposition Center Party 25 years ago.
Party delegates elected Ratas, a 38-year-old former Tallinn mayor and deputy speaker of Parliament, in a 654-348 vote Saturday, after Savisaar announced he was stepping down following internal opposition.
Savisaar created the party in 1991 when Estonia became independent from Soviet rule. The 66-year-old former prime minister kept close ties with Moscow, making his party a pariah in Estonian politics but popular among ethnic Russians, who make up a quarter of Estonia's 1.3 million people.
Last year the Center Party got 24.8 percent of the vote but it's not part of Estonia's three-party coalition government.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
304822,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said on Tuesday the military alliance wanted dialogue with Russia, after U.S. president-elect Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on Monday to work towards ""constructive cooperation"". ""The message from NATO has been that we want dialogue with Russia. Russia is our biggest neighbor, Russia is there to stay and especially when tensions run high and especially when we face many different security challenges, it is important to have dialogue,"" Stoltenberg told reporters before talks with EU defense ministers in Brussels.
""We think it is important to respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of all nations, including Ukraine and therefore we will never respect or accept the violation of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine,"" he continued.
Stoltenberg said Trump had shown during his presidential campaign that he was a ""big fan on NATO"".
""A strong NATO is important for Europe but is also important for the United States,"" he said, adding he agreed with Trump that Europeans should step up their defense spending.
(Reporting by Robin Emmott and Philip Blenkinsop)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
176984,Our must-haves for the season–whether you're jet-setting to ski or swim. Reblog,www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
146403,"(Reuters) - British miner Anglo American Plc said on Wednesday it would sell its stake in South African diversified miner Exxaro Resources Ltd and use the proceeds to reduce debt. Exxaro's controlling black economic empowerment shareholder Main Street 333 Proprietary Ltd will also sell its interest in the miner, Anglo American said.
Anglo American's stake of 9.7 percent, or 35 million shares, in Exxaro is valued at 3.39 billion rand ($240.62 million) based on Tuesday's close, while Main Street's holding equals 1.66 billion rand.
($1 = 14.0888 rand)
(Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
226608,"By Sumanta Dey BENGALURU (Reuters) - After Donald Trump's unexpected victory in the U.S. presidential election, investors may refocus in the coming week on the health of the world economy and any signs that years of rock-bottom interest rates and fiscal austerity are coming to an end.
Trump's victory poses a major challenge to the conventional wisdom on the global economy, which for years has relied on brisker cross-border trade and migration flows for growth.
Apart from a nearly across-the-board rise in sovereign bond yields, however, the markets have so far mostly shrugged off the election result - despite previous fears of a meltdown in the event of victory for Trump, who espoused fiercely protectionist positions on trade in his campaign.
Even the long-held view that the Federal Reserve will raise rates next month, a year after its initial step in that direction, hasn't budged at all. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's testimony to Congress on Thursday may set the stage for a year-end hike, despite the mild tightening in financial conditions in the past week.
Everything is up for reassessment.
""It will take time to gauge the global economic consequences of Donald Trump's surprise victory,"" JP Morgan's chief global economist Bruce Kasman wrote in a note.
""Forthcoming policy changes are likely to generate growth cross-currents, but they should reinforce the tilt toward global reflation."" Trump's proposals represent both a negative supply shock from curbs on trade and immigration as well as a positive demand shock from new fiscal spending, he added.
With the U.S. economy close to full employment - the jobless rate was 4.9 percent in October - Trump's election promise to cut taxes and upgrade the country's aging infrastructure could provide a big boost to both growth and inflation.
Official U.S. data on Thursday will likely show consumer price index inflation picked up slightly last month, up 0.4 percent on the month and 1.6 percent on the same month last year. Core inflation, which strips out food and energy, is expected to hit 2.2 percent.
That follows pre-election news of a pickup in average pay growth to 2.8 percent, the highest since June 2009. Retail sales data due out on Tuesday are expected to have lost a little steam last month.
INFLATION AHOY
Sovereign bond markets are already out of the blocks in pricing in a rise in inflation expectations in the United States followed by the rest of the world.
The 10-year U.S. yield rose to 2.15 percent, almost 30 basis points above its levels around 1.86 percent just before the U.S. election on Tuesday. The surge has strengthened the dollar against the euro and yen, which would ultimately help raise import costs in the euro zone and Japan.
If inflation moves higher from here, supported by fiscal stimulus and rising energy prices, the current back-up in bond yields across the developed world is set to continue, possibly suggesting an end to a three-decade trend of falling yields.
It is still early days, however. Starting on Monday, it will become clearer how industrialized economies such as the euro zone, Germany, Italy, and Japan fared in the third quarter - before the U.S. political earthquake.
Reuters polls show growth largely held steady in the euro zone despite a slowdown in Germany, and picked up slightly in Japan. Inflation was probably 0.5 percent in October in the euro area, similar to a preliminary reading but above recent lows.
The gradual rise in inflation in recent months will be welcome news for the European Central Bank which, after printing more than a trillion euros since March 2015 and cutting deposit rates to -0.4 percent, is fast seen running out of policy tools.
The ECB's Governing Council next meets on Dec. 8 to decide policy. Economists expect it to extend its asset purchase program beyond the planned end date of March 2017.
YELLEN'S FUTURE
A snap Reuters poll conducted in the 24 hours after the U.S. election result indicated no change at all in the expected future path for the policy rate.
A series of Fed policymakers are scheduled to speak in the coming week and are likely to reinforce the view that the fed funds rate will move up 25 basis points to a range of 0.50-0.75 at the Dec. 13-14 meeting.
Crucial too for the rate trajectory is the future of Janet Yellen, appointed by President Obama as Fed Chair. A Reuters poll a few days ago found a majority of economists expect Yellen to serve out the remainder of her term until early 2018 but don't think she will be reappointed.
""What is relatively clear is that there will be conflicts between a Trump administration and Fed Chair Janet Yellen after Trump had severely attacked Yellen in his election campaign. The bridges between both of them appear to have been burnt,"" Jorg Kramer, chief economist at Commerzbank, wrote to clients.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May is scheduled to travel to Berlin on Nov. 18, a trip in which she possibly hopes to get preliminary talks underway that would help the UK smoothly navigate the process of leaving the European Union.
(Editing by Ross Finley and Hugh Lawson)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
64741,"Mumbai (AFP) - Nearly 80,000 people in India's financial capital Mumbai attended the Global Citizen Festival headlined by British rock band Coldplay Saturday as part of an anti-poverty campaign. Top global megastars including rap megastar Jay Z, pop singer Demi Lovato and British band The Vamps performed at the event, alongside Bollywood names including superstar Shah Rukh Khan.
The Global Citizen Festival is an annual music concert established in 2012 which is part of a broader campaign to end extreme poverty by 2030. Coldplay's Chris Martin is the concert's creative director.
Concertgoers formed long queues early in the day outside the venue, causing major traffic congestion in Mumbai's already-congested business district.
Martin ended the concert by singing India’s national anthem ‘Vande Mataram’ (Mother, I salute thee) with help from India's Oscar-winning music director A.R Rahman.
Nearly 80 percent of tickets to the event were given away to people who support organiser Global Poverty Project's campaigns, including improving sanitation, gender equality, and education in India.
The event was attended by Hindi screen legend Amitabh Bachchan and Nelson Mandela's grandson Kweku Mandela.
In a televised address, India’s Prime minister Narendra Modi, who had appeared at the festival in 2014, quoted lines from Bob Dylan’s famous songs to refer to changing political climate in the South Asian country.
But he kept his comments brief, saying ""I know that I stand between you and Coldplay,"" but heaped praise on India's young population, saying they ""bring an energy and idealism that is unparalleled.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
316342,"OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The Latest on a fatal shooting at Oklahoma City's Will Rogers World Airport (all times local): 10:05 a.m.
Police say the man accused of fatally shooting an Oklahoma City airport employee used to work for Southwest Airlines and that the attack was likely in retaliation for circumstances that led to the attacker's 2015 resignation.
Capt. Paco Balderrama identified the shooter as Lloyd Dean Buie, of Oklahoma City.
He says Buie resigned from Southwest Airlines in April 2015 and that investigators believe he shot and killed 52-year-old Michael Winchester on Tuesday in retaliation for circumstances that led to Buie leaving the job.
Balderrama says he doesn't know what Buie did for Southwest or why he resigned. He says Winchester was not Buie's immediate supervisor.
Buie was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound shortly after Tuesday afternoon's shooting.
___
6:40 a.m.
Flights are operating normally at Oklahoma City's Will Rogers World Airport, where a Southwest Airlines employee was fatally shot Tuesday afternoon.
Airport spokeswoman Karen Carney says air traffic control implemented a ground stop after the shooting of 52-year-old Michael Winchester. The ground stop was lifted at about 6 p.m. Tuesday and flight operations resumed, though 25 flights were canceled because of the incident.
Fifteen of the canceled flights were operated by Southwest Airlines. The company's CEO, Gary Kelly, said on Twitter that the airline ""will do everything we can to support Mike's family.""
Oklahoma City police have not released the name of the suspected shooter, who was found dead inside a pickup truck from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound.
___
12:01 a.m.
Oklahoma City police investigators are trying to figure out why a man waited to gun down an airline employee outside Will Rogers World Airport in an ambush that prompted authorities to shut down the state's busiest airport for hours.
Police Capt. Paco Balderrama says the suspected shooter was found dead inside a pickup truck on Tuesday from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound. They believe he watched airport employees come and go before shooting and killing 52-year-old Michael Winchester, a Southwest Airlines employee.
Balderrama said late Tuesday that investigators hadn't positively identified the shooter, but that the man apparently knew Winchester's schedule and routine and that the two men likely knew one another.
The 1 p.m. shooting set off a scramble at the airport, with police immediately closing the sprawling complex.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
84933,"Share Fir Rahman and Wan Hanafi Su are the main cast of ""Apprentice"". 23 Nov – Veteran Malaysian actor Wan Hanafi Su shared his experience of working in a Singaporean production for the first time in Boo Junfeng's film, ""Apprentice"". The 66-year-old actor along with co-star Fir Rahman and director Boo Junfeng was at GSC Mid Valley yesterday to promote the release of the movie in Malaysia, where the veteran actor was asked about the difference between working on a Malaysian and Singaporean project. ""To be honest, I prefer not to compare, but if I said that the Singaporean team is very professional, it sounds very cliché, but that's the truth – they really are!"" said the actor. ""That's what I get from my experience of working with them, and let's not even mention the Australian team, they're also very proficient,"" he added. According to Boo Junfeng, the movie was partially shot at several locations in Australia, especially the outdoor prison scenes. Wan Hanafi Su and director Boo Junfeng. ""We needed to look for a prison and we couldn't find a location that was suitable or available in Singapore. We were hoping that the Pudu jail was somehow available, but it wasn't,"" Boo explained. ""So we couldn't find a location anywhere in Southeast Asia as well, but in the end we found two locations in Australia, and I convinced the producers to let me take the team to Australia."" Wan Hanafi Su also said that after meeting a former executioner in Singapore, his views on capital punishment had changed. ""We always have the impression that a person who takes another person's life must not be a good person, but in reality, the former executioner that I met, he is a very nice guy. So I took his traits as a reference for my character,"" he said. The actor also added that before the filming of the movie, he spent his time around Geylang, mingling with the people there so that he can learn how to speak proper Singaporean Malay and English. ""Apprentice"" is a drama which touches on the issue of the capital punishment from the point of view of an executioner. The film stars Malaysian actor Wan Hanafi Su and Singaporean cast Fir Rahman and Mastura Ahmad. The film comes to cinemas in Malaysia 24 November 2016 onwards at selected GSC Cinemas.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
47902,"InStyle November 23, 2016 As a child, oversize shirts were the best thing ever. They were comfortable, easy to wear, and not precious at all. In hindsight though, drowning in excess fabric--perhaps not the chicest look, especially when styled with bike shorts, a scrunchie, and a pair of high-tops. Oh, the '90s. Blame it on adulting, but we've all grown out of that phase, learning to size down from our baggy XXXL tees and instead curate a closet of fitted pieces (the number one fashion tip any celebrity will tell you is to tailor your clothes to achieve the perfect fit). But then came Vetements designer Demna Vsalia's breakthrough moment at Balenciaga, along with his crazy outsized proportions, and now we're here: eager to throw away everything we've learned about fit in favor of giant disproportionate pieces. Except it's different this time around. Sizing up doesn't have to equal slob. The grown-up, street-style-y way to do it starts with the oversized top in question. Look for beautifully crafted, deliberately voluminous structured silhouettes; styles that are big in width, but abbreviated in length (balance!); on-trend details (think: tie-strap sleeves and cut-outs); and crisp shirts. And when paired with a fluid skirt, an equally voluminous pant (to create a long, lean line), or a slim pant, the result is chic all the way. Get started with our 12 oversized picks, below. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
223723,"By Michael Shields ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland's push to curb immigration from the European Union by giving hiring preference to local people rather than setting quotas for newcomers will go the upper house of parliament next month, after a draft bill supporting that approach got the most support in a committee vote on Monday.
The draft mostly mirrors a bill the lower house approved in September. It aims to avoid a clash with the EU over free movement of people, which is enshrined by treaty and required for enhanced Swiss access to the EU single market.
The arrangement has been put at risk by a 2014 Swiss referendum demanding immigration quotas. Parliament is supposed to put that into effect by February, but so far it has chosen a compromise approach that favors preserving EU economic ties.
The full upper house still needs to adopt the legislation, which differs from the lower house's version. The draft that won a committee majority on Monday would apply only to sectors of the economy with above-average levels of unemployment.
""That means for everyone else there is full freedom of movement,"" Philipp Mueller, a pro-business EDP party member and architect of the draft, told a news conference in Bern.
His plan - opposed by the right-wing Swiss People's Party, the biggest in parliament - would make employers notify job centers about vacancies and explain if necessary why they did not hire local job seekers sent along to apply.
The debate in Switzerland, a non-EU member, echoes in many ways the situation in Britain, which voted in June to quit the EU, largely to control immigration that critics said was putting too much of a strain on social infrastructure.
Proponents say the Swiss local preference approach does not violate free movement and thus needs no EU approval. That view is not shared by Brussels or EU member states concerned that any flexibility granted the Swiss might be seized on by British negotiators working out post-tertiary ties to the EU.
""We can expect the normal sabre-rattling from Brussels,"" Mueller said. ""We are used to this by now.""
In any event, voters look set to decide for a second time whether to impose curbs on immigration from the EU or reaffirm close economic ties with the bloc after the government said last month the issue deserved another referendum.
Under the Swiss system of direct democracy, its voters get the final say, and political analysts think the Swiss are likely to uphold business ties with the EU.
(Editing by Larry King)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
200334,"Portlandia Pushes Kyle MacLachlan's Mayor for President — Watch Video Dave Nemetz Share Portlandia has a last-minute third-party candidate to endorse: Vote Mr. Mayor! This new election-themed promo for IFC’s sketch-comedy series asks us to consider the show’s wacky mayor (played by the inimitable Kyle MacLachlan) when we’re casting our ballots for president next Tuesday. According to the campaign ad, Mr. Mayor is courageous, enthusiastic, sensitive and experienced in foreign affairs — which he demonstrates by banging a tiny gong. (Of course.) RELATED Portlandia Video: Season 7 Kicks Off With an Musical Ode to White Guys He rides a bike, he plays in a reggae band, he admires indigenous art — he can even sing, people! The ad concludes by imploring us to “make America weird again” and vote for Mr. Mayor. Hey, he doesn’t seem like such a terrible option right now, does he? Portlandia returns for Season 7 on Thursday, Jan. 5 at 10/9c on IFC — with Kyle MacLachlan in tow, we’re hoping. Press PLAY on the video above to see why you should vote for Mr. Mayor, then hit the comments to let us know if you’re convinced. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
133693,"By Yashaswini Swamynathan (Reuters) - Wall Street's three main indexes closed at record highs on Friday, helped by gains in consumer staples and technology stocks as investors hunted for bargains in a post-election rally.
The stock markets closed early for Black Friday, while trading volumes were thin.
The three major indexes closed higher for the third week in a row, extending their rally since the U.S. election. The S&P 500 marked its seventh record close since Nov. 8.
However, the defensive consumer staples and utilities sectors have been the worst performers in that period.
The consumer staples sector gave the S&P 500 the biggest boost on Friday, closing up 0.79 percent, led by gains in Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola.
""People are looking for value in the market. While many stocks have risen quite briskly, investors are looking for some forgotten names in the rally,"" said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
""These orphaned stocks are being hunted today.""
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 68.96 points, or 0.36 percent, to 19,152.14.
The S&P 500 gained 8.63 points, or 0.39 percent, to 2,213.35 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.24 points, or 0.34 percent, to 5,398.92.
For the week, the Dow and the Nasdaq gained 1.5 percent and the S&P 500 gained 1.4 percent.
Ten of the 11 major S&P sectors closed higher Friday, led by a 1.43 percent rise in utilities.
The technology sector rose 0.37 percent, boosted by Cisco and Apple.
The energy sector closed down 0.39 percent, due to a 2.8 percent drop in oil prices amid uncertainty that the OPEC would arrive at a decision to cut production during a meeting next week. [O/R]
Johnson & Johnson closed up about 1 percent after the company confirmed that it was in talks to acquire Swiss biotechnology company Actelion.
About 2.96 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Friday compared with the 7.88 billion average for the last 20 sessions.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,840 to 999. On the Nasdaq, 1,728 issues rose and 965.
The S&P 500 index posted 46 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 276 new highs and 12 new lows.

(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
78528,"Share Credit: Jeff Bottari/Zuffa LLC/Getty After a string of in-concert outbursts that culminated in the cancellation of the remainder of his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West entered a Los Angeles hospital on Monday to receive treatment for exhaustion. According to The New York Times , the rapper ""was taken willingly to U.C.L.A. Medical Center for evaluation."" ""He is exhausted and currently dealing with sleep deprivation,"" a source tells People . ""He went to the hospital at will under the advice of his physician."" The news follows the Grammy winner's Instagram binge and his strange rant at a concert in Sacramento, Calif., on Saturday, during which he called out Beyonce and Jay Z, among others, and then closed the show early. All of these instances have lead fans to speculate whether the 39-year-old is experiencing some kind of mental breakdown. ""It's nothing like that,"" a source told People shortly after he canceled his sold-out tour. ""He's just exhausted. He's been working around the clock on fashion design, both on his own line and the Adidas line. He's a notorious workaholic, so balancing both that work--which is extremely important to him--and the rigors of the tour every night, it really wore him out."" On Monday night Kim Kardashian West opted out of her plans to attend the Angel Ball in New York City--her first scheduled public event since she was robbed in Paris --to be by her husband's side. Our thoughts are with West and his family, and we're hoping for a speedy recovery. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
300196,"‘Dracula’ Actress Lupita Tovar Dies at 106 More Mexican screen siren Lupita Tovar has died at the age of 106. The actress starred in the 1931 Spanish-language version of “Dracula,” which was filmed simultaneously with the popular English-speaking version with Bela Lugosi. Tovar died in her Los Angeles home on Saturday, according to a Facebook post by actress Lucy Tovar, her niece. Tovar was the mother of Oscar-nominated “Imitation of Life” actress Susan Kohner and the grandmother to Hollywood film writers, brothers Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz. Both were nominated for an Oscar for writing 2002’s “About a Boy.” More to come…",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
335522,"These Thanksgiving crafts take almost zero effort, but will make your home look ]]>💯 Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
133331,"WARSAW, Poland (AP) — A spokeswoman for a Polish mining company says rescuers have recovered a body after a massive cave-in at a copper mine following an earth tremor, bringing the confirmed death toll to two, with six people still missing. The tremor occurred shortly after 9 p.m. Tuesday some 1,100 meters (3.610 feet) underground in the Rudna mine, in Polkowice, southwestern Poland.
Jolanta Piatek, spokeswoman for the KGHM Polska Miedz, or Polish Copper, mining corporation, said Wednesday that the body was found underground. Earlier, one of nine miners brought to the surface shortly after the cave-in had also died. Five others have been hospitalized, while the search continues for those still missing.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
76803,"DETROIT (AP) — U.S. auto safety regulators are allowing General Motors to delay a large recall of potentially defective air bags, giving the company time to prove that the devices are safe and to possibly avoid a huge financial hit. The unusual move by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration buys time for an outside company hired by GM to do long-term tests of Takata air bag inflators in older trucks and SUVs including GM's top-selling vehicle, the Chevrolet Silverado pickup.
GM reluctantly agreed to recall 2.5 million vehicles in May to replace Takata front passenger inflators. But the company said at the time its inflators are unique and safer than those linked to 11 deaths in the U.S. and as many as 16 worldwide.
The company petitioned for the delay last week and the government agreed on Monday. The decision delays the recall until Aug. 31, 2017. If GM can prove to NHTSA that the inflators are safe by that time, the recall could be canceled.
The recall covered the Silverado, GMC Sierra pickup and many popular full-size SUVs from the 2007 to 2011 model years. Some of the trucks are now older than the minimum six years that it takes for Takata inflators to deteriorate and become risky. But GM contends its tests so far show that they are safe for at least 3 ½ more years.
The testing could help GM fend off several recalls totaling 6.8 million trucks and SUVS with the same inflators that ultimately could cost the company $870 million, according to a GM filing with securities regulators. Another batch of recalls is slated to start on Dec. 31. The delay also pushes the decision into the administration of President-elect Donald Trump, who has stated that he wants to get rid of unnecessary government regulation.
GM said the timing of its filings was motivated by upcoming NHTSA deadlines. ""Any other conclusion is just speculation,"" spokesman Tom Wilkinson said in a company statement.
Takata uses the chemical ammonium nitrate to create a small explosion and quickly inflate air bags in a crash. But tests have shown the chemical can deteriorate when exposed to high temperatures and airborne moisture. That can make it burn too fast, blowing apart a metal canister designed to contain the explosion, flinging shrapnel into drivers and passengers.
In addition to the deaths, more than 100 people have been hurt by the exploding inflator canisters.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
130725,"Pin it Share Bryce Dallas Howard filmed Jurassic World and Pete’s Dragon — two tentpole blockbusters featuring behemoth CGI creatures — in such close proximity the actress admits that there were points where she forgot which set she was on. As she puts it: “One almost felt like an extension of the other, and I really would get confused all the time.” It doesn’t seem like Howard has stopped working since, either. The 35-year-old mother of two recently appeared in an episode of Netflix’s buzzed-about series Black Mirror and will soon be seen in the December drama Gold opposite Matthew McConaughey. In between she chatted with Yahoo Movies for a Facebook Live (watch above) to promote this week’s home release of Pete’s Dragon , Disney’s live-action update of the 1977 favorite. Some highlights: Her favorite Pete’s Dragon review came from her son, Theodore. “The best response that I got by far was from my son, who had never seen me in movie before,” Howard said. “He’s almost 10. We watched Pete’s Dragon together. The movie ended and the lights came on, and he said to me, ‘Can I see it again?‘” He’ll get his chance to watch it over and over (and over again) now that the film is hitting home video. Robert Redford might be a real-life horse whisperer. In 1998, the iconic actor starred in the Oscar-nominated drama The Horse Whisperer . On the set of Pete’s Dragon , Redford — who plays Howard’s father in the film — saved a real-live horse that had clearly been the victim of abuse while they were filming the movie in New Zealand. And this was only the second day of production. Her Uncle Clint is the coolest. Of course we talked about Bryce’s legendary father, Ron Howard (plug: watch our recent Director’s Reel interview with him here ), but what we really wanted to know is what it’s like to be Clint Howard’s niece. And she dropped some trivia on us, describing how the character actor, whom she calls “the most idyllic, eccentric uncle” and “a creative genius,” makes his own snow globes: “really demented, brilliant, weird, hilarious snow globes.” More on this development to come, we promise you… Pete’s Dragon hits Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD on Tuesday.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
296290,"Seoul (AFP) - South Korea fell silent Thursday with heavy trucks banned and businesses opening late as more than 600,000 students sat the high-stakes annual college entrance exam which could define their future in the ultra-competitive country. Success in the exam -- which teenage South Koreans spend years preparing for -- means a place in one of the elite colleges seen as key to future career and even marriage prospects.
To clear the roads for the 606,000 students to ensure they arrive on time, government offices, major businesses and even Seoul's stock market opened an hour later than usual at 10:00 am (0100 GMT).
Transport authorities ban all airport landings and take-offs for a 30-minute period in the early afternoon to coincide with the main language listening test.
Work at many construction sites is suspended and large trucks banned from the roads near the test venues.
The exam, which is being taken at 1,183 venues nationwide at about 9:00 am (0000 GMT), ends Thursday evening.
TV news channels showed nervous-looking students walking into the test venues after tearful hugs with parents, as hundreds of younger students cheered on their senior classmates.
With so much at stake, thousands of parents have flocked to temples and churches to pray, with monks and pastors holding special sessions for students.
The pressure to score well in the exam has been blamed for teenage depression and suicide rates that are among the highest in the world.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
197425,"London (AFP) - Liverpool swept to the top of the Premier League as Sadio Mane's double inspired a 6-1 rout of Watford, while Tottenham rescued a 1-1 draw at north London rivals Arsenal on Sunday. While Liverpool dazzled, their old rivals Manchester United ended a four-match winless run in the league as goals from Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic secured a much-needed 3-1 victory at Swansea.
Liverpool have emerged as genuine title contenders and Jurgen Klopp's side moved one point clear of second placed Chelsea thanks to a scintillating goal spree at Anfield.
The Reds took the lead in the 27th minute when Senegal winger Mane met Philippe Coutinho 's corner with a header that looped past Watford goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes.
Just three minutes later, Roberto Firmino picked out Coutinho on the edge of the penalty area and the Liverpool forward fired home with a fine low strike.
Klopp's team were three up two minutes before half-time as Emre Can arrived unmarked at the far post to head in Adam Lallana 's cross.
The goals kept coming and Firmino added the fourth in the 57th minute, the Brazilian finishing off Lallana's cross, before Mane got his second in the 60th minute with a clinical close-range effort from Firmino's pass.
Daryl Janmaat notched his first goal for Watford in the 75th minute, but there was still time for Liverpool to complete the demolition in the 90th minute through Georginio Wijnaldum's tap-in.
Liverpool have won seven of their last eight league games and go into the international break with growing belief they can win the club's first English league title since 1990.
At the Emirates Stadium, Harry Kane marked his return from injury with the equaliser as Tottenham kept their hated neighbours from the Premier League summit.
Arsenal took the lead in the 42nd minute when Tottenham defender Kevin Wimmer headed a free-kick into his own net.
But England striker Kane, who had been sidelined for seven weeks due to ankle ligament damage, equalised for Tottenham from the penalty spot early in the 51st minute after a foul on Mousa Dembele by Laurent Koscielny.
- Frustration -
The result prevented Arsenal from climbing above Chelsea and Manchester City and opening up a six-point gap over Tottenham, who remain fifth, three points below Arsene Wenger's men and four points off first place.
Wenger was angered by Tottenham's penalty and said: ""From where I sit, it looked harsh. It didn't look a deliberate foul or that he was dangerous to score.""
Despite his frustration over the spot-kick, Wenger accepted the result was ""fair"" and Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino agreed.
""It's difficult to say one team deserved it more than the other,"" Pochettino said.
After a difficult period for Pogba and Ibrahimovic, United's star duo were back on song at the Liberty Stadium.
France midfielder Pogba put United ahead in the 15th minute with a sumptuous volley and Swedish striker Ibrahimovic bagged the second six minutes later with a shot that Swansea goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski might feel he should have saved.
Ibrahimovic followed his first league goal since September with another one in the 33rd minute as he lashed in from Wayne Rooney's pass.
Swansea defender Mike van der Hoorn reduced the deficit in the 69th minute and there was late frustration for Ibrahimovic when he picked up a booking that rules him out of United's next match against Arsenal.
Elsewhere, Hull staged a second half fightback to end their barren run with a 2-1 victory over Southampton at the KCOM Stadium.
Southampton went in front in the sixth minute when Curtis Davies fouled Maya Yoshida and Charlie Austin belted the resulting penalty straight down the middle.
But Robert Snodgrass's excellent finish from 12 yards drew Hull level in the 61st minute and former Tottenham defender Michael Dawson put the Tigers ahead when he glanced in a free-kick two minutes later.
Hull remain in the relegation zone, but their first win in nine league games, ending a run of six successive league defeats, at least offered hope they could avoid the drop.
Later on Sunday, champions Leicester host West Bromwich Albion.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
267296,"The 16-year-old girl missing after her little sister and mother were fatally shot in Texas has also been found dead, authorities said, and the teen's 21-year-old boyfriend remains a suspect in all three murders. The body of Kirsten Fritch was discovered at about 12:40 p.m. Thursday not far from where officers arrested her boyfriend, Jesse Dobbs, two days earlier, the Baytown Police Department said .
Authorities found Dobbs in Shenanigan’s Bar in Texas City at about 9:30 p.m. Tuesday, hours after Fritch’s mother, Cynthia Morris, 37, and her sister, 13-year-old Breanna Pavilicek, were found murdered, police said.
Officers conducting a wellness check at their Baytown home discovered the mother and young girl had each been shot at least once, authorities said.
Read: Teen Missing After 21-Year-Old Boyfriend Allegedly Kills Her Mom, Younger Sister 
Morris’ car had been missing from the scene. It was later found across the street from the bar where Dobbs was taken into custody, police said.
""Baytown Detectives attempted to interview Mr. Dobbs about the murder; however, he refused to offer any details about the deaths of Cynthia and Breanna, or the whereabouts of Kirsten,” Baytown police said in a statement.
After searching for nearly two days , police discovered Fritch’s body in a wooded area north of the bar.
“A motive for the murders has yet to be determined as Mr. Dobbs continues to refuse to cooperate with detectives,” police said.
Read: Husband of Missing Jogger Passes Polygraph: 'No Involvement With the Disappearance of His Wife,' Cops Say 
Dobbs and Fritch began dating after they met online, Fritch’s grandmother, Barbara DeRamus, told KHOU.
He moved into the family’s home not long after, but the teen’s mother wanted him out and did not approve of the relationship, DeRamus said.
“He just seemed like a lowlife,” she told the television station . “I thought, what was Kirsten doing with this idiot?”
Dobbs has not been charged in connection to the murders, but authorities said he is a suspect. He remains in the Galveston County Jail on a resisting arrest charge, authorities said.
Watch: 10-Year-Old Girl Found Dead, Uncle Charged with Murder After Amber Alert Issued 
Related Articles: Girl, 14, Teaches Her Horse to Bow for Veterans This 3-Month-Old Baby Has a Full Head of Hair Nurse Sings to Soothe His Patients",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
91457,"After airing her sharp criticism of Donald Trump’s consideration of Mitt Romney for secretary of state across the morning talk show circuit, Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway ripped MSNBC’s report that Trump was “furious” at her for doing so. “Kellyanne went rogue at the worst possible time,” Mika Brzezinski, co-host of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” said during the show Monday, quoting sources at the top of Trump’s transition team who said they were “baffled” by Conway’s public crusade.
BREAKING – Sources: Trump 'furious' over Conway comments about Romney https://t.co/Sd4kogEPGz
— Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) November 28, 2016
“Morning Joe” host Joe Scarborough suggested that Conway, Trump’s former campaign manager and the senior adviser to his transition team, is lashing out because she hasn’t been offered a job in the Trump administration.
“Kellyanne doesn’t have a job yet, and she’s angry about that,” Scarborough said.
Conway responded in a message Scarborough read on-air.
“We have a response from Kellyanne Conway,” he said, “who says about our reporting this morning, ‘It is sexist.’ She says she can have any job she wants.”
Scarborough’s reporting is notable as he has personally given Trump advice regarding potential secretary of state candidates, according to the New York Times . Scarborough, a former Republican congressman who feuded with Trump during the campaign, has used his show to blast the other leading contender for Trump’s secretary of state, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani .
Giuliani's work with foreign companies questioned – Comparing Giuliani and Clinton foundation work https://t.co/qysUaLf6Ko
— Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) November 16, 2016
On Sunday, Conway appeared on multiple talk shows to voice her concern over the president-elect’s consideration of Romney for the top Cabinet position.
“I’m not campaigning against anyone. I’m just a concerned citizen,” Conway said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday. “And I am just astonished at the breathtaking volume and intensity of blowback that I see just as one person close to the president-elect.
“People feel betrayed to think Gov. Romney, who went out of his way to question the character and the intellect and the integrity of Donald Trump, now our president-elect, would be given the most significant Cabinet post of all,” Conway continued.
“I’m hearing from people who say, ‘Hey, my parents died penniless, but I gave $216 to Donald Trump’s campaign, and I would feel betrayed,’” she said on CNN’s “State of the Union.”
Related: Trump aide Kellyanne Conway takes her anti-Romney crusade to TV
In a scathing speech in March, Romney, the Republican Party’s 2012 nominee, unloaded on Trump’s business record.
“Here’s what I know: Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud,” Romney said. “His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. He’s playing the members of the American public for suckers. He gets a free ride to the White House, and all we get is a lousy hat.”
Romney also refused to endorse Trump in the general election. But he met with the president-elect in New Jersey last week to mend fences and reportedly discuss the possibility of joining Trump’s White House.
“I’m all for party unity,” Conway said on CNN. “But I’m not sure we have to pay for that with the secretary of state position.”
On Sunday, Scarborough criticized both Conway and Giuliani, who is publicly lobbying for the secretary of state position, for “trying to intimidate” Trump.
Giuliani and Conway are trying to intimidate the President Elect.
How weak do they think he is?
Their lack of discretion is embarrassing.
— Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) November 27, 2016
Conway fired back on Twitter.
“You know better. And so does @PEOTUS,” she wrote. “He has my respect, loyalty, service & private counsel [because] he is brilliant, strong, resolute.”
1/2: @JoeNBC you know better. And so does @PEOTUS . He has my respect, loyalty, service & private counsel BC he is brilliant, strong,resolute https://t.co/c7RLZu5gvc
— Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) November 27, 2016
2/2: repeating 100th time decision is his & I'll respect it. Whatever your feud w/ Rudy, no need to lump us. I already have the job I want. https://t.co/c7RLZu5gvc
— Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) November 27, 2016
“Decision is his & I’ll respect it,” she added. “Whatever your feud w/ Rudy, no need to lump us. I already have the job I want.”",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
244140,"FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Germany's Siemens AG said Thursday that it's looking to list its health care business as it revealed a quarterly profit boost from a large power generation project in Egypt. The Munich-based company, which makes heavy industrial equipment including trains and medical scanners, said its profit for the quarter ending Sept. 30 rose 18 percent to 1.18 billion euros ($1.28 billion) from 1.00 billion euros in the period a year earlier. The quarterly profit was slightly below market expectations for 1.24 billion euros.
The profit boost came on a modest 3 percent increase in sales to 21.95 billion euros.
Siemens said its power and gas division was seeing more revenue as it fulfills a large order for electricity generating facilities in Egypt. Siemens is building three power plants and 12 wind parks in an effort to boost the country's power generating capacity by 50 percent.
The quarter ended the company's fiscal year. For the full year, net profit fell to 5.6 billion euros from 7.4 billion euros the year before, when it booked one-time gains of 3.0 billion euros from selling its hearing aid business and its share in BSH Bosch and Siemens Hausgeraete GmbH.
The company also said it would seek a public listing for its health care business, which it has already carved out as a separate business within the group. It said the timing would depend on stock market conditions.
Investors appeared to welcome the move and the company's share price rose 4.6 percent to 109.25 euros.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
105293,"BERLIN (AP) — Germany's largest airline, Lufthansa, canceled 830 short- and medium-haul flights on Friday affecting 100,000 passengers after a pilots' strike entered its third day in a long-running dispute over wages. The carrier also announced the cancellation of another 137 long-haul flights scheduled for Saturday, affecting 30,000 more passengers.
Since the strikes started on Wednesday the airline has had to cancel 2,863 flights, affecting 345,000 passengers.
It said most of its flights will be operating Saturday, and that other airlines in its group are not affected. Those include Eurowings, Germanwings, Swiss, and Austrian Airlines.
The strikes called by the Cockpit union are their 14th since April 2014.
The union has been announcing the continuation of the strike one day at a time, and Cockpit spokesman Joerg Handwerg told the dpa news agency that the union has made no decision on when the strikes may end.
Cockpit is seeking retroactive raises of 3.66 percent a year going back 5½ years, a demand Lufthansa says is impossible as it faces increasing competition from Gulf airlines and European budget carriers.
Still, the company increased its offer to pilots Friday in an effort to resume negotiations with the union. Lufthansa offered to increase pay by 4.4 percent in two steps by mid-2018, and make a one-time payment of 1.8 monthly salaries in lieu of past increases.
The airline also offered to hire about 1,000 new pilots in the coming five years and seek third-party mediation on other outstanding issues.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
293459,"DENVER (AP) — A Denver man who spent more than a quarter of a century in prison for a rape he long denied committing was acquitted of the crime on Monday, leaving a courtroom to applause from supporters and chants of ""it's over."" Clarence Moses-EL, 60, was freed in December, after a judge overturned his 1988 conviction on rape and assault charges and found that he would likely be acquitted if his case went to trial again.
Another prisoner claimed to be responsible for the attack, but prosecutors chose to try Moses-EL again. Jurors began deliberating the case last Thursday, and they issued their not guilty verdict Monday — leaving Moses-EL beaming and fighting back tears.
Outside court, Moses-EL said he holds no grudges and hoped his case will help improve the criminal justice system. Right now, he said, he wants to enjoy his freedom.
""You don't know how much freedom really means until you have it taken away from you,"" he said, ""And especially if it's taken away from you for something you didn't do.""
Moses-EL had long maintained his innocence. Several of his efforts to appeal his conviction were unsuccessful, and the legal and political systems repeatedly failed him in his decades-long attempt to win his freedom.
""All I ever wanted from the very beginning was for the truth to come out,"" he told reporters, surrounded by his wife and children. ""This moment here is the moment I've fought for for a long time.""
The victim in the case, a neighbor, initially named three other men as possible attackers, including the inmate, L.C. Jackson, who confessed in 2013. But she accused Moses-EL, saying his face appeared to her in a dream, and a jury convicted him largely based on her testimony.
He won a legal bid for DNA testing on the evidence to clear his name, but Denver police threw it away a month later, saying they did not receive any notice from prosecutors to hold on to it.
In 2008, then-Colorado Governor Bill Ritter, a former Denver prosecutor, objected to legislation that would have given Moses-EL a new trial, even though lawmakers strongly supported it.
Moses-EL's break came when Jackson wrote to Moses-EL in 2013 saying he had sex with the woman that night. Jackson, who is imprisoned for two other rapes, has not been charged in this case, and prosecutors said Monday he is not a suspect.
Prosecutors challenged the credibility of Jackson's confession and stood by the victim.
""She is very disappointed"" with the verdict, Chief Deputy District Attorney Bonnie Benedetti said. ""She has maintained for years that she saw and recognized the person who attacked her, and she stands by that.""
Prosecutors chose to pursue the second trial because the victim wanted to proceed with the case, Benedetti said.
Despite being free for nearly a year, Moses-EL said he is still struggling to break habits he formed in prison. He can't bring himself to walk barefoot inside his home, for example, something he never did while behind bars.
""I had become psychologically programmed to exist inside the system itself,"" he said. ""I have to deprogram myself and reprogram myself.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
52264,"Alicia Silverstone would rather go naked than wear wool. And she’s making that very clear in her new ad for PETA, in which she poses nude holding a sheep mask and stands with her back to the camera in between those exact words. A massive billboard of the image currently stands near Times Square in New York City. “If you’re trying to avoid wool, why not make that leap?” she suggests in a related video, part of PETA’s new  #WoolFreeWinter  campaign. “Say, ‘I’m never going to buy wool again.'”
She continues, “Wool, in general, has not been thought about by many, many people. It’s just not something that’s brought to their attention. The biggest thing that people always say to me is, ‘Oh, but they just shear the sheep! They don’t kill the sheep.’” The video then cuts to graphic images of sheep being tortured for their wool, the very fabric that’s in the sweater you are probably wearing right now.
As the PETA website goes on to explain, “If they were left alone and not genetically manipulated, sheep would grow just enough wool to protect themselves from temperature extremes. The fleece provides them with effective insulation against both cold and heat.” Additionally, it notes, “Shearers are usually paid by volume, not by the hour, which encourages fast work without any regard for the welfare of the sheep. This hasty and careless shearing leads to frequent injuries, and workers use a needle and thread to sew the worst wounds shut — without any pain relief. Strips of skin — and even teats, tails, and ears — are often cut or ripped off during shearing.”
The 40-year-old Clueless star once argued for the “Hait-ti-ans,” but now she’s debating on behalf of the sheep, and as usual, she makes a good point. “It’s on the slaughterhouse floor where it’s on a conveyor belt and it’s going that fast. It’s just so fast, the shearing process that they’re cut, they’re harmed. They get very seriously wounded, and there’s no care for them when they’re wounded. It’s just, ‘Move on to the next,’” Silverstone states in the video. “These are not creatures to the people who are doing this. They’re just objects. When the sheep are no longer useful, they’re killed.”
This is not Silverstone’s first foray into PETA activism. In the early 2000s, she did a video for the organization about being a vegetarian and how it’s made her feel better and given her more energy.
She soon became a vegan and, in 2009, published a popular vegan cookbook, The Kind Diet. In 2014, she participated in a video exposing the horrors of the down industry.
Other celebs who’ve joined her in the battle against animal cruelty by posing nude for PETA include Pamela Anderson, Bethenny Frankel, Christina Applegate, Eva Mendes, Jenna Dewan Tatum, Khloe Kardashian, and Olivia Munn.
In any event, Silverstone is not backing down, and we admire her for putting up a fight.
Related: 6 Vegan Designers You Need to Know 
Follow us on Instagram , Facebook  and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
108318,"By James Pearson SEOUL (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands rallied in central Seoul on Saturday for a fifth week of protests against President Park Geun-hye, in the largest ongoing series of demonstrations in the country since the 1987 movement to democratize South Korea.
Park's presidency has been rocked by allegations that a close friend used her ties to the leader to meddle in state affairs and wield improper influence. Prosecutors investigating the case have indicted her friend, Choi Soon-sil, and are seeking to question the president about her role in the scandal.
Organizers said 800,000 people had gathered early on Saturday evening and expected a total of 1.5 million people to join by the end of the night. Police declined to give an estimate of the crowd size but said 25,000 personnel had been dispatched to police the protest.
The protests, now in their fifth week, have remained peaceful and marked by huge candle-lit rallies where activists and rock bands have entertained a diverse crowd of students, office workers, and young families.
""I was watching the news and thought this cannot go on - people really want her to step down but she hasn't,"" said 45-year-old Kwak Bo-youn, one of the protesters.
""This is the second time for me to the protests, but the first time for my husband and kids"".
Earlier in the day, a large group of demonstrators marched to within 200 meters of the presidential palace, where Park resides, but a court appeal to allow protesters to remain there after dark was rejected.
LOW SUPPORT
Choi Soon-sil and a former aide to Park have been indicted by prosecutors on charges of colluding with the president to pressure big business to contribute funds to two foundations controlled by Choi.
Park, whose five-year term ends in February 2018, has apologized twice over the affair but is resisting calls for her resignation. Opposition parties are canvassing for support to impeach her.
Her approval ratings slipped one percentage point on Friday after hovering at just 5 percent for three consecutive weeks. Her disapproval rating rose three percentage points to 93 percent, according to a poll by Gallup Korea, which is not affiliated with the U.S.-based Gallup, Inc.
Park Geun-hye's popularity and election as president in 2012 stemmed in part from the symbolic connection to her father who ruled South Korea for 18 years until he was assassinated by his spy chief in 1979. Many, especially the elderly, credit Park's father with the rapid development of Korea.
However, only 9 percent of people aged over 60 said Park was doing well, according to the Gallup Korea survey.
Her support is lowest amongst young people. Ninety-nine percent of 19-29 year-olds and 98 percent of people in their thirties disapproved of Park, according to Gallup Korea.
Fears of policy-making paralysis prompted by the political crisis has also dealt a blow to consumer confidence, which fell to its lowest in more than seven years in November, South Korea's central bank said.
(Additional reporting by Jeongeun Lee; Editing by Himani Sarkar)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
72769,"InStyle November 24, 2016 With a bevy of relatives and friends with eclectic interests to please, holiday shopping never really gets any simpler. You might have your mom and BFFs tastes down pat, but what about the ladies in your life that require a little more guess work? It's risky to unload funds on something you think they might love, but it can feel impersonal to give another gift card. But with Christmas and Hanukkah just weeks away, you need to come up with something. Enter the all-encompassing subscription box. Each of these delivered-to-door packages is the gift that keeps on giving in terms of what's hot right now, so they're perfect for women of discerning taste. Whether it's workout clothes, accessories, or a makeup trend she's been dying to try, there's a tailored service for just about everyone. Here, we rounded up some of our favorite subscription boxes to take the guess work out of your gifting this season. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
140898,"New York (AFP) - Donald Trump would be the perfect protagonist for a disaster film, said Spanish director Pedro Almodovar, as a retrospective of his movies got underway in New York. ""I think that Trump is going to provide a lot of creative inspiration, especially for comedians,"" said Almodovar at an event late Tuesday marking the launch of the film series at Manhattan's Museum of Modern Art.
The MoMA exhibition, encompassing every movie made by Almodovar, coincides with the release of ""Julieta,"" his 20th feature-length film, which was also previewed at MoMA Tuesday. The movie opens in US theaters on December 21.
Almodovar, Spain's most celebrated living movie director, made it clear that he is no fan of the US president-elect, but said Trump's larger-than-life persona is the stuff of filmmaking lore.
""He seriously would inspire a disaster movie,"" Almodovar said.
""This kind of personality type have no parallel in real life. He's like a great fictional character,"" the director said.
""The bad thing is that we are all going to suffer, above all Americans will,"" he said.
""We have to put up with him, and in reality, he should be a seen as a huge disaster,"" Almodovar added. ""Let's hope he goes away soon.""
The two-time Academy Award winning director had far more charitable feelings towards Trump's vanquished Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton.
The former secretary of state, who Trump defeated in an upset win earlier this month, has the makings of a real ""Almodovar girl,"" said the director, whose acclaimed films almost always have strong female leads.
A former enfant terrible of cinema, Almodovar got misty-eyed recalling a Met showing of his movie ""What Did I Do to Deserve This?"" in 1984, when he was just 35 years old and a fresh-faced upstart in film world.
""It's not just a privilege, but very emotional for me to be in the same place more than 30 years later,"" he said.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
42663,"WASHINGTON (AP) — President-elect Donald Trump's tough-talking plan to rein in illegal immigration showed signs of cracking on Sunday, with the president-elect seemingly backing off his vow to build a solid wall along the southern U.S. border and the top House Republican rejecting any ""deportation force"" targeting people in the country illegally. In an interview with CBS' ""60 Minutes,"" Trump said Sunday he would accept a fence in some places along the U.S. southern border where he had promised to build a wall.
During his campaign he insisted he would deport 11 million people living in the country illegally, with exceptions. But he distanced himself from that position as time went on, and in his first television interview since winning the presidential election, Trump said he's willing to deport or incarcerate 2 million to 3 million people living in the country illegally who ""are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers.""
Earlier Sunday, House Speaker Paul Ryan, also told CNN's ""State of the Union"" that ""we are not planning on erecting a deportation force."" Ryan said ""I think we should put people's minds at ease"" on mass deportation because the top priority is really border security.
On that, both men agreed Sunday, with the president-elect emphasizing that securing the border is his first immigration priority.
Trump campaigned on a promise to build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. The promise elicited chants of ""Build that Wall"" from the thousands throughout the country who packed his rallies. Mexico has said it would not pay for the construction of a border wall.
Nearly 700 miles of fencing was put in place during President George W. Bush's second term and the beginning of President Barack Obama's first term.
The fencing is placed largely in urban areas along the nearly 2,000-mile frontier. It is not the type of solid wall that Trump has pledged to construct at Mexico's expense. The fence has miles-long gaps and gates built in to allow landowners access to their property on the south side of the fencing. Immigrants have been known to go over and around the fence.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
52202,"BERLIN (AP) — Amid frosty relations with Ankara, Germany is considering moving military planes involved in the international mission against the Islamic State group from Turkey to Jordan, Kuwait or Cyprus. The Defense Ministry says it's scouting alternative locations to the Incirlik Air Base in Turkey at the request of Parliament.
German lawmakers have repeatedly been prevented from visiting the base after passing a resolution that labeled killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turks a century ago as genocide.
German daily Bild, which first reported the move Friday, says military officials plan to travel to Amman on Saturday.
Bild reports that moving Germany's Tornado reconnaissance jets and a refueling plane from the Turkey base would take several weeks.
The German air force planes aren't currently flying combat missions.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
121438,"Sookie’s appearance in the Gilmore Girls revival is as wonderful as we’d all hoped it would be Lourdes Uribe Pin it Share More When we first heard that the Gilmore Girls revival was happening, we had a lot of questions. And one of the first thoughts to cross through our minds was which of our beloved characters would be coming back . At first, it seemed like Sookie wasn’t going to be able to be a part of the new episodes. When we heard the news, our hearts broke and we wondered if we’d ever be the same again. But, ever the queen of our hearts, Melissa McCarthy put her Sookie St. James bandana back on. She blessed us with an appearance that warmed the cockles of our hearts. Goodness knows that deep down we would have understood if McCarthy was too busy slaying the film world to return to Stars Hollow. But we’re ever so grateful that she came back and took back her rightful spot in the Dragonfly Inn’s kitchen. We learn in the beginning of the season that Sookie has taken a six-month-turned-two-year sabbatical at Dan Barber’s Blue Hill Farm. She is working on innovations in agriculture and generally kicking ass in her career. Clearly, Lorelai is wrecked without her best friend, though she does her absolute best to hide it. More As much as it breaks our hearts to hear that Sookie isn’t by Lorelai’s side at the Dragonfly Inn, it filled our hearts with joy to find out that she was finding so much success in her work. She’s a food genius and she deserves her success! It’s about time she is out in the culinary world. We’re glad that she’s making waves outside of their small town, even if it means she doesn’t see Lorelai as often. We knew she’d be back, though. And we spent every episode of A Year in the Lif e holding our breaths and waiting to see when she’d return. And she didn’t let us down!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
114762,"ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Lewis Hamilton overcame a minor scare to post the fastest time in the first practice for the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Friday. Early in the session, Hamilton was on the quicker ultrasoft tire compound when the rear of his car spun, but he regained control.
In hot and dry conditions on the Yas Marina circuit, Hamilton was .374 seconds quicker than Formula One rival Nico Rosberg, and .428 better than Dutch teen Max Verstappen.
Verstappen's Red Bull teammate, Daniel Ricciardo, was fourth, followed by Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, who won the first of his four straight F1 titles here in 2010 when he was driving for Red Bull.
That dramatic championship went to the last race and so is this one.
Hamilton is bidding to win the title for the third straight time and fourth overall, but the odds are in Rosberg's favor.
The German driver leads the championship by 12 points and can afford to finish third even if Hamilton wins on Sunday.
There is a second practice in the evening, when track temperatures will be similar to those expected for the race, which begins at 5 p.m. local time and ends with night falling on the desert track.
In what is expected to be his final GP, British driver Jenson Button drove with a bright yellow helmet similar to the one he wore during his F1 title-winning campaign with Brawn in 2009.
Although Button has an option with McLaren for the 2018 season, he said on Thursday he does not expect to race again. Brazilian Felipe Massa, who drives for Williams, is categorically retiring after this race.
Both started their F1 careers at age 20.
Meanwhile, French driver Romain Grosjean's frustrating recent form continued as he came back to the garage before the end because of a braking issue on his Haas car.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
165693,"Kylie Jenner Gifts King's Nanny Joy With a Designer Handbag -- and Her Reaction Is Priceless! Jackie Willis Pin it Share Tyga's girlfriend Kylie Jenner gave his son King Cairo 's nanny a very pricey present, and shared the sweet moment in her Snapchat story on Thursday. Nanny Joy was beyond excited to be gifted a Celine handbag that is estimated to be worth around $2,700. King's nanny has been featured on his mother Blac Chyna's reality show, Rob and Chyna , in the past, and seems to always been giving out advice. ""Nanny Joy has been around since King was born,"" Rob Kardashian explained in the debut episode. ""She's a big help, and she's always there for Chyna."" WATCH: Kylie Jenner and Tyga Head to Las Vegas With King Cairo ""I'm going to talk to you like a mom talks to a daughter,"" Nanny Joy once told Chyna in regard to her relationship with Rob. ""Every time you guys have an argument -- let's say you're arguing at one o' clock in the morning -- you're going to throw him out? Does that make sense?"" Nanny Joy is such a fan favorite on Rob and Chyna that Cosmo declared that she should be a ""contender for a spinoff within a spinoff."" WATCH: Khloe Kardashian Thinks Brother Rob Will Be 'Great' With His Daughter It seems that Celine handbag was well deserved!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
195063,"Nicole Kidman looks breathtaking in this gorgeous nude-colored gown Ashley Rey More We can depend on Nicole Kidman to deliver some awesome looks on the red carpet. And even when she’s not on the carpet, she still slays. Nicole looked stunning yesterday while at the rooftop CatchLA venue in a nude gown, and we’re obsessed with her look. The actress attended Flaunt magazine’s event — in collaboration with Vionnet — to celebrate the publication’s The Nocturne Issue. Looking absolutely breathtaking in her flesh-colored dress, Nicole turned heads with her angelic appeal. The gown was completely covered in a sheer, tulle-like fabric from head to toe — a style that Nicole seems to be into lately. Hello, skin! The gown’s keyhole cutouts are perfect! We just love the roped detailing, too!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
62101,"Jerusalem (AFP) - The Jewish birthrate has drawn level with that of Arabs in Israel for the first time since the state was founded in 1948, the Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics says. The subject is closely watched in Israel, where the Jewish population is deeply concerned with maintaining a Jewish majority.
""In 2015, for the first time, the general fertility rate of Arab and Jewish women was the same and stood at an average 3.13 children,"" a CBS statement said.
The figures include Palestinians living in Israeli-annexed east Jerusalem as well as Arab Israelis, who account for some 17.5 percent of the country's population.
The CBS said that at the end of 2015 there were 2.798 million children in Israel, accounting for 33 percent of the 8.6 million population.
Of the total under-18 population, 71.3 percent were Jews and 25.7 percent were Arabs, it said.
The remaining three percent were described as ""others"", including non-Arab Christians.
Among arguments fielded by Israeli proponents of a sovereign Palestine alongside the Jewish state are that the alternative is a single binational state in which Arab Israelis and Palestinians combined would form the majority.
Among the most vocal was the late president Shimon Peres who challenged rightwing calls for Israel to annex the occupied West Bank where more than 400,000 Israelis live among 2.6 million Palestinians.
""Without a Jewish majority, it is doubtful whether a Jewish state can remain Jewish,"" he warned in 2012.
There are 1.7 million combined east Jerusalem Palestinians and Arab Israelis.
Arab Israelis, Israeli citizens who largely identify as Palestinians, are the descendants of Palestinians who remained on their land after the creation of Israel in 1948.
The two ethnic blocs are at the moment equally balanced at about 6.4 million each, counting both Israel and the Palestinian territories.
According to the CBS, within Israel, the Jewish birthrate has been growing consistently while that of Arab Israelis has been falling.
In 2000, the Arab fertility rate in Israel was 4.3 children per woman, while the Jewish rate was 2.6 and the Jewish birthrate is expected to outstrip that of Arabs in the near future.
One reason for the steady growth in Jewish births is the high rate among the ultra-Orthodox and Orthodox Jewish populations, where the biblical injunction to ""be fruitful and multiply"" is taken very seriously.
Another is a continuing response to the massive depopulation of European Jewry during the Nazi Holocaust, encouraging an ethos where bringing more Jewish children into the world is a social and patriotic duty.
Government policy reflects this with generous funding for fertility treatment.
Experts have also pointed to Arab women in Israel having fewer children as their levels of equality have risen in recent years.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
168832,"Joy and Despair in Wrigleyville: 10 Best Chicago Cubs Shout-Outs in Movies and TV (Photos) More The greatest sports moment in our lifetime has arrived after arguably the greatest baseball game ever played.The Chicago Cubs, after 108 years, are World Series Champions. Aside from the Boston Red Sox’s championship drought, there’s no other team that has come to be defined for its combination of tradition, passion, and seemingly endless tragedy. As such, the Cubs have become the basis for many jokes and stories in movies and TV. Here are ten of the best. If you ask a Cubs fan to name a movie about their favorite team, they will almost assuredly mention “Rookie of the Year.” Released in 1993 at a time when baseball enjoyed cultural dominance, the family film was wish fulfillment for every Wrigleyville kid who dreamed of leading the Cubs to the promised land. But if that fan doesn’t mention “Rookie of the Year,” he will likely mention “Taking Care of Business,” a 1990 comedy film starring one of the Cubbies’ most well-known fans, Jim Belushi. Belushi plays Jimmy Dworski, a man in jail for grand theft auto who breaks out after winning tickets to see the Cubs in the World Series. The movie ends with Jimmy catching a home run as the Cubs win it all, and after the Cubs’ actual victory in 2016, fans quoted Jim’s speech calling for a toast to the Cubs long-awaited victory. “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off” was once praised by Siskel & Ebert as a love letter to Chicago as it featured many of the city’s most beloved sites. Among those was a trip to Wrigley Field, where Cameron (Alan Ruck) made his famous “hey batter” taunt. Of course, not every cultural reference to the Cubbies is as affectionate. “Family Guy” used one of its famous clip gags to poke fun at Steve Bartman’s infamous foul ball catch in the 2003 NLCS. “It’s a foul ball,” Stewie tells Steve. “What harm can it do?” The Simpsons, meanwhile, has often made references to baseball over its long run. In the intro to one of its “Treehouse of Horror” episodes, Kang and Kodos use a time acceleration ray to speed up the World Series so they can air their Halloween special. When Kodos warns that using the ray too much could destroy the universe, Kang replies, “Good! Only then can the Cubs finally win!” In the premiere episode of the short-lived drama “Revolution,” the characters walk by a ruined Wrigley Field. The trailer for the series showed a banner beneath the famous Wrigley Field sign declaring that the Cubs won the World Series in 2012 just weeks before electricity went out worldwide and society collapsed. But by the time the premiere aired, the Cubs were mathematically eliminated from the playoffs, so the banner was removed. For decades, sportscaster Harry Caray was the voice of the Cubs, and during his run on “Saturday Night Live,” Will Ferrell became famous for his impersonation of Caray’s wild, exuberant calls. After the Cubbies won the pennant this year, Ferrell resurrected the character for a special appearance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” Last year, “Back To The Future” fans were abuzz about the long-awaited arrival of 2015, the year featured in Part II of the trilogy. According to Robert Zemeckis’ film, that would be the year the Cubs finally won the World Series despite being longshots. Instead, the Cubs lost in the NLCS to the New York Mets, leading to memes about history being altered in front of Marty and Doc’s eyes. Instead, the show that nailed its prediction about the Cubs’ victory was “Parks and Recreation,” which paid a visit to Chicago during its final season. The episode took place in the spring of 2017, with one character noting that the city was in a good mood “because the Cubs won the Series.” Nice call, “Parks and Rec”! And finally, a commercial that imagined the moment Chicago just experienced. Five years ago, Sony aired a commercial for the video game “MLB 12 The Show,” which showed Chicago in teary-eyed jubilation over the Cubs winning the World Series before revealing that the victory had been achieved by a Cubbies fan playing the game. Judging by the pictures and videos of the actual celebration, this commercial got it right on the nose. Related stories from TheWrap:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
153166,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pensioners took to the streets of the capital on Thursday to protest against a new wave of pension cuts the leftist-led government imposed as part of an austerity drive prescribed by international lenders. About 3,000 pensioners chanting ""Liars!"" rallied outside the Labour ministry in central Athens where they burnt government letters outlining the reasons behind the new reductions in their supplementary pensions.
""They (the government) burnt our lives. We are burning their disgraceful letters,"" a pensioner said over a loudspeaker.
Protesters later marched to parliament chanting ""Bring back the stolen money!""
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras was first elected 23 months ago promising to end years of austerity imposed by the European Union and International Monetary Fund lenders in exchange for vital bailout loans.
But he was forced to reverse course to keep Greece in the euro zone, signing up to a third bailout in July last year and pursuing deeper cuts and reforms. His coalition government's popularity ratings have been dropping for months.
Participation in street demonstrations has so far been low but tensions often flare in protests. Pensioners have been particularly hit since Greece signed it first bailout in 2010.
""Our living standard is below zero,"" said 74-year old pensioner Yannis Souliotis, one of the protesters.
Private sector workers will stage a 24-hour strike on Dec. 8, the largest labor union said on Wednesday. Public sector unions were to decide later on Thursday if they would join them.
The walkout is aimed at coinciding with a crucial bailout review on unpopular labor reforms. Tsipras wants to conclude the review swiftly to qualify for more debt relief hoping to convince voters that their sacrifices are bearing fruit.
(Reporting by Phoebe Fronista and Renee Maltezou; Editing by Richard Balmforth)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
177471,"By Valerie Volcovici WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Georgia's two Republican senators broke with members of their party, saying they would consider Supreme Court nominees put forward by Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton if she wins the presidency, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported on Sunday.
The comments from U.S. Senator Johnny Isakson, who is up for re-election on Tuesday, and U.S. Senator David Perdue came after Republican Senators John McCain and Ted Cruz suggested they might block any of Clinton's potential nominees.
""You don't shirk your responsibility when you're an elected official. You sanctify your responsibility, and that's what I'll do. I'll consider who she nominates at the time she does and make a decision that's right for the people of Georgia,"" Isakson told the Atlanta newspaper.
A spokeswoman for Perdue, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, told the AJC: ""He wants to ensure we have a Supreme Court justice who will uphold the Constitution, and he will examine each nominee independently based on their merits.""
The death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in February has left the nine-member high court short one justice and evenly split between liberals and conservatives.
In March, President Barack Obama nominated Merrick Garland, a federal appeals court judge, to replace Scalia, but the Republican-led Senate has refused to consider the nomination, saying the next president should make the pick.
The Senate's inaction on Garland, a centrist, has made the Supreme Court a potent issue in the election. After many years of leaning conservative, the court could tilt to the left for the first time in decades if Clinton wins the election.
Isakson said he expects the Senate will confirm Garland before January in the event of a Clinton victory. Some Republicans fear Clinton would nominate a more liberal justice, swinging the ideological balance of the court even further to the left.
(Additional reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Paul Simao)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
312014,"By Linda Sieg and David Brunnstrom TOKYO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump is expected to use his first meeting with a foreign leader as U.S. president-elect this week to try to reassure Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and other Asian allies rattled by his campaign rhetoric, advisers to Trump said.
Abe, a political blue blood and veteran lawmaker, and Trump, a brash outsider with no diplomatic or government experience, have differences on policy issues such as free trade.
But the two may find they have more in common when they meet in New York on Thursday, including pledges to restore their countries’ global stature and a desire to counter a rising China while improving relations with Russia.
""Prime Minister Abe and Mr. Trump will have good chemistry,"" said Takashi Kawakami, a professor at Tokyo's Takushoku University. ""Both tend to decide and act based on intuition. And both are pragmatists who put their countries' interests first.""
An adviser to Trump said the president-elect would reaffirm his commitment to the U.S-Japan alliance and the region, despite campaign rhetoric that raised questions about the future of what has been the bedrock of Japanese defence since World War Two.
Abe wants to build a relationship of trust while taking the measure of the real-estate magnate, whom few in Japan thought would become president.
""The first and by far, top priority is to establish a personal relationship rather than debate specific policy areas,"" said a person familiar with Japan's preparations for the meeting.
Trump's campaign comments on the possibility of Japan acquiring nuclear arms and demands allies pay more for the upkeep of U.S. forces on their soil have fanned worries.
His election has also dashed hopes for U.S. approval of a 12-nation trade pact, the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a linchpin of Washington's ""pivot"" to Asia and a pillar of Abe's economic reforms.
A Trump adviser said he expected the meeting to ""set the tone"" for Trump's relations with Japan and the region. Some diplomats say, however, that until Trump makes key appointments, it will be hard to assess his policies on issues including China's maritime aggressiveness and North Korea's nuclear threat.
   
SOOTHING WORDS?
""I think the message ... is going to be extremely reassuring,"" the advisor said. ""I expect he is going to reaffirm his commitments to the alliance and the American commitment to being in the Pacific long-term.""
The adviser, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Japan's financial support for U.S. troops in Japan might come up, but was unlikely to be a focus.
Japan agreed last December to boost spending for U.S. forces in Japan by 1.4 percent for the next five years, at an average of 189.3 billion yen ($1.74 billion) per year. Defence Minister Tomomi Inada has said Tokyo was paying enough.
Abe has boosted Japan's overall defence spending since taking office in 2012 while stretching the limits of its pacifist post-war constitution to allow the military to take a bigger global role.
Defence spending still stands at just over 1 percent of GDP against over 3 percent in the United States. 
Some of Trump's rhetoric suggests an image of Japan forged in the 1980s, when Tokyo was seen by many in the United States as a threat to jobs and a free-rider on defence.
The Trump adviser stressed a more positive view.
""Frankly, the prime minister has been more assertive and forthright in trying to make those changes to Japan’s global posture,"" he said. ""I think he’s going to get a very receptive audience there.""
Trump and Abe could also have a meeting of minds over Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Obama has had tense ties with Russia but Trump has praised Putin and stressed the possibility of better relations. Abe wants to resolve a row over islands seized by Moscow at the end of World War Two and will meet Putin for a summit in December.
On the economic front, Abe might also be able to offer Japanese technology and financing for U.S. infrastructure projects Trump has said he wants to promote.
That would fit with Abe's stress in his growth strategy on exports of technology such as high-speed trains.
Finessing differences on free trade will likely be tougher given Trump's opposition to the TPP.
""We have to continue waving the flag,"" the person familiar with Japan's preparations said. ""If there is strong opposition from Trump, that's a disaster for our TPP efforts. We'll have to handle it with care.""
(Additional reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo and William Mallard in Tokyo and Matt Spetalnick in Washington. Editing by Bill Tarrant.)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
197825,"Jared Leto Lists House in Hollywood Hills (EXCLUSIVE) Mark David PRICE: $1,999,000 SIZE: 4,021 square feet, 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms YOUR MAMA’S NOTES: Having upgraded and up-sized to a vast, historic and wildly idiosyncratic compound in the Laurel Canyon area of Los Angeles — more on that in a minute — Oscar winning method actor and indie-rock musician Jared Leto (“Dallas Buyer Club”) has hoisted his former home in the Cahuenga Pass area of the Hollywood Hills up for sale at $1.999 million. Mister Leto, who portrayed The Joker in this year’s blockbuster superhero extravaganza “Suicide Squad” and will soon star in “Blade Runner 2049,” the Ridley Scott produced sequel to the original and beloved dystopian sci-fi thriller “Blade Runner,” purchased the hillside home in March 2006 for $1.65 million. Listing details somewhat generously describe the .29-acre property as a “mini-estate” and indicate the walled, gated and relatively unassuming, vine-encrusted two-story residence measures in at 4,021-square-feet with four bedrooms and three bathrooms that include two master suites with “incredible closet space” and spacious slate-tiled bathrooms. Chocolate brown hardwoods run throughout the main entertaining spaces that include a roomy living room with minimalist fireplace, a compact formal dining room with traditional bay window and a large and well-maintained if stylistically dated kitchen — boring beige tile floors, ordinary white raised panel cabinetry, and a mix of medium grade black and stainless steel appliances — plus an over-sized family room with wet bar and adjacent recording studio. The house overlooks a tropically landscaped side yard with swimming pool, spa, built-in fire pit, built-in grilling station, and extensive concrete terracing. Below the back of house a patchy patch of lawn is bordered by an anemic row of bamboo and there’s a large of unattractive terrace atop a detached two-car garage that’s accessible from a cul-de-sac that runs up the rear of the property. That Mister Leto would put his Hollywood Hills home up for sale isn’t such a surprise to avid celebrity real estate watchers who already know, as mentioned above, he made a surreptitious, off-market $5 million purchase in late 2014 of the so-called Lookout Mountain Laboratory, a storied warehouse-like complex in the Laurel Canyon area. The industrial compound was built in the 1940s and used until the late 1960s as a military film studio where, among other classified projects, filmmakers and photographers with top security clearance made training films and documented military research on atomic bomb tests. The 1.7-acre spread, all but hidden behind an imposing driveway gate and a dense wall of foliage, has more than 50,000-square-feet of meandering, multi-level interior space that at the time of Mister Leto’s purchase incorporated eight bedrooms, a dozen bathrooms, several kitchens, and at least half of a dozen living and entertaining spaces that ranged in size from cozy to cavernous.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
299988,"JERUSALEM (AP) — Israel's parliament on Wednesday gave preliminary approval to a proposal that would legalize hundreds of homes built in West Bank settlements that sit on private Palestinian land. The vote marked a victory for pro-settlement nationalists that dominate Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's coalition. Although the bill has drawn heavy international criticism and faces tough legal questions, many hard-liners are also hopeful things will change after President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January.
The proposal was sparked by a 2014 order from Israel's Supreme Court to evacuate the illegally built settlement outpost of Amona by Dec. 25. The court set the deadline after determining the outpost was built in the mid-1990s on private Palestinian land.
The legislation would retroactively legalize Amona and dozens of other outposts, as well as neighborhoods in existing settlements found to have been built on private Palestinian land.
In all, an estimated 2,500 homes would be affected, while Palestinian landowners would be eligible for compensation.
Members of the Jewish Home, a nationalist party affiliated with the settler movement, sponsored the legislation. They say the affected residents have lived in these homes for years, sometimes decades, and should not be uprooted.
""A nation cannot be an occupier in its own land,"" Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked of the Jewish Home said ahead of the vote, berating Israel's opposition parties for standing against the draft bill.
Opponents say the bill is illegal and is a dangerous attempt to override the nation's highest court. Israel's attorney general, who was appointed by Netanyahu, has said he will not be able to defend it in court.
""Never in the history of the state of Israel, never, did the Knesset vote totally against the state's laws, the rule of law and international law,"" said opposition leader Isaac Herzog. ""This is a law that recognizes robbery and theft.""
The bill still must pass three more votes in parliament — meaning it could be watered down or frozen in various committees.
The Palestinians and international community oppose all West Bank settlements, saying they pose an obstacle to peace. The Palestinians seek the West Bank, along with east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip, for a future independent state. Israel captured the territories in the 1967 Mideast war, though it withdrew from Gaza in 2005.
The U.S. State Department said this week that it was ""deeply concerned"" about the legislation. Spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau called it an ""unprecedented"" step that would break from previous Israeli policies.
""This legislation would be a dramatic advancement of the settlement enterprise, which is already gravely endangering the prospects for a two-state solution,"" she said.
Egypt, a key Arab ally of Israel, has also condemned the legislation.
However, many Israeli hard-liners expect the United States to be far more tolerant of settlement construction after Trump takes office. Trump's campaign platform made no mention of a Palestinian state, and many of his close advisers hold hawkish, pro-Israel views.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
167979,"Sarah Jessica Parker wants a “Hocus Pocus” and “Sex and the City” sequel and we’re jumping for joy Johnni Macke Pin it Share More Be still our beating hearts, Sarah Jessica Parker wants a Hocus Pocus sequel and another Sex and the City movie! Seriously, this is the best news ever. On Wednesday, Parker revealed that she is definitely on board for a sequel to the Halloween favorite, Hocus Pocus, which came out in 1993, and we are kind of freaking out over here. “I’m down for both!” the 51-year-old actress exclusively told Entertainment Tonight at the Fast Company Innovation Festival in New York. Yes you read that right, Parker is all in for not just a Hocus Pocus film, but for another Sex and the City installment , too. “It would be amazing if we could do both in one year,” she added. That would be amazing! Who do we need to talk to in order to make this really happen? Rumors about a Hocus Pocus sequel — which can only imagine would feature Max in a Peter Pan costume, since he promised Dani he would wear a matching costume, with tights if she went with him and Allison to the Sanderson house, which we all know she did — were reignited after Bette Midler donned her iconic costume from the film, red wig and all, for Halloween. “[She’s] just stirring up trouble! That’s all she’s [doing],” Parker said when asked about the rumors. It’s always been just a bunch of hocus pocus, so trouble we can deal with! Despite both Midler and Parker’s love of the classic Halloween film, Parker said there are no “substantive” conversations regarding the next film, but that doesn’t mean we are going to lose hope. There was no follow up conversation about the possible third Sex and the City movie, but now that Parker has said she would like to do another one, all we need are the other three ladies to join forces again and it will be great!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
203906,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's bid to hold a national vote on whether to legalize same-sex marriage was defeated on Monday in the upper house of parliament, or Senate, potentially delaying legal unions for years. The proposal to hold the vote, or plebiscite, in February next year was voted down in the Senate by 33 votes to 29.
Australia's center-right coalition government, led by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, in August voted to take the issue of legalizing same-sex marriage to a national poll.
The bill required the support of some opposition lawmakers because Turnbull's Liberal-National coalition has only a one-vote majority in the lower house of parliament and does not have a majority in the upper house.
The rejection is a blow to Turnbull, who has seen his popularity wane amid frustration that he has failed to live up to his progressive reputation.
Australian Attorney-General George Brandis had warned that a defeat would result in delaying same sex marriage in Australia for years to come.
In opposing the vote, the opposition Labor Party said it would have resulted in harmful debate against the gay and lesbian community and instead sought a direct vote in Parliament.
""Now that the plebiscite legislation is dead, we again call marriage equality supporters across all political parties to work together to find a pathway,"" said Alex Greenwich, co-chair of rights group Australian Marriage Equality.
""It's time our parliamentarians found a fair and dignified pathway that ensures every Australian is treated equally."" There have only been three plebiscites in Australian history, two relating to conscription during World War I, and one to choose a national song in 1977.
Same-sex marriage is supported by 61 percent of Australians, a Gallup poll in August found.
Several independent MPs had already ruled out supporting the national plebiscite on same-sex marriage. A rejection by the center-left Labor party, which wants same-sex marriages legalized by parliament, ended any hope the plebiscite bill could pass. A plebiscite represented an ""unnecessary detour ... through difficult terrain,"" Janet Rice, the Greens Party spokeswoman for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex affairs, told reporters.
""It is at least insensitive to the LGBT community ... and at best, it will result in divisive hurtful campaigning with no guarantee of progressing marriage equality,"" she added.
(Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
85420,"Cover Crops in the Corn Belt: An Interview with Sarah Carlson Food Tank Pin it Share Sarah Carlson is the Midwest Cover Crop Director at Practical Farmers of Iowa (PFI). Since 1985, PFI has facilitated farmer-led research and information sharing to help farmers from all backgrounds practice agriculture that benefits both people and the environment. Since joining PFI in 2007, Sarah... More Sarah Carlson is the Midwest Cover Crop Director at Practical Farmers of Iowa (PFI). Since 1985, PFI has facilitated farmer-led research and information sharing to help farmers from all backgrounds practice agriculture that benefits both people and the environment. Since joining PFI in 2007, Sarah has worked to promote the latest agronomic research on cover crops and small grains by conducting supply chain projects and publishing research reports. Additionally, Sarah uses her own experience as a trained agronomist and past results of on-farm research projects to help design solutions to integrated crop and livestock concerns. Food Tank had the opportunity to speak to Sarah about her work with PFI, their efforts to support Iowan farmers, and what farmers are doing today to create more sustainable farming systems. Food Tank (FT): As an organization of and for farmers, what is PFI’s role in supporting Iowan farms and communities? Sarah Carlson (SC): PFI was started 30 years ago by a group of farmers who were interested in doing on-farm research so they could use their resources more wisely, whether that was money or making sure they were protecting the soil, or using less pesticides over time but still maintaining yields and profits. That core focus of testing and doing research is still what we do today. We help farmers who want to make changes on their farm but want to use science to make sure they’re making the right changes. PFI is a membership organization and members will say, “I want to try a project that looks like this, and I need some help, how do I set that up on my farm?” and the staff’s job is to help them design a project on their farm. Then we analyze data and assess the project results and then a big part of the second step is to get that information out. The way we do that is to put newsletter articles together, get stuff published in the agriculture media, and help farmers hold field days so they can talk about what the new thing is that they are trying on their farm. And just sort of change the narrative on what are the new things that farmers are trying out on their farms that are working or not working and how other farmers can get started with that. FT: What are some of the new things that farmers are trying? SC: We have a big span; we have horticulture farmers and livestock farmers and field crop farmers in our organization. Some are organic, some are conventional, some are big, some are small. And so in the field crop area, which is the area that I work in, cover crops are really hot. It’s a big focus, and actually, cover crops are hot in all of the program areas. So the horticulture farmers are trying some really cool summer cover crops and quick turnaround cover crop projects, how can cover crops break pest cycles for them, help them deal with weeds. Livestock farmers are messing around with cover crops too. Seeing if they can they reduce hay feeding by feeding cover crops to cows, can they help improve corn stalk utilization with their livestock by having that green cover crop there when the cows are grazing in the fall after harvest. And then the field crop farmers, the corn and soy bean farmers, are interested in how they can protect soil quality, build soil health, reduce nitrogen loss, which is a big issue in Iowa with the lawsuit. And also maybe capture some cost savings from cover crops, so could they use cover crops to reduce weed pressure from soy bean rotations, could they reduce herbicide use, which saves them money, could they help break some pest cycles, like reducing sudden death syndrome, which attacks the soybean plant and reduces soybean yield. We’ve seen some preliminary observations that cover crops could break that pest, that disease cycle, and then soybean yields could be maintained, things like that. So it’s a lot of tweaking and evaluating how can this popular practice really works in these systems. So that’s one that’s been really popular and then another one that we’ve seen sort of from the transition from the acceptance of cover crops is this interest in extended crop rotation. So that would be like growing oats, wheat, barley, rye, as a grain crop not just as a cover crop, because those plants are also used as cover crop seeds but they’re killed well before they would be harvested for seed in a cover crop system. But in a non-cover crop system, when they’re in a third crop system, they’re planted and then they’re taken all the way to harvest, which in Iowa, is usually in the month of July as opposed to September which is when corn and soybeans are harvested. Farmers are trying to find markets for those harvests, either as cover crop seeds or as feed for livestock or as food, like for Cheerios something like that. And then with that third crop, they’re able to grow a really big cover. They almost don’t care about that third crop as much as being able to grow that really big cover crop. Like, really big, sexy 12-way mixes of crazy stuff that the advanced cover croppers in the nation are doing, that we in Iowa haven’t really had the chance to do because corn and soybeans are in the way. They just have a lot more heat units so they can grow these big sexy cover crops. Read More So the third crop is this new project, where we are trying to involve the market to stabilize permanence of this practice. Let’s get this practice permanently on the landscape and that’s only going to happen if we can have an established market saying, yes I demand that product, I can use that product, continually, this is what I’d use it for, this is how it’d work, and sort of build that permanence of that need for that product in the market. FT: Practical Farmers of Iowa provides resources and information in response to members’ needs, including the use of cover crops. Why are cover crops important and what benefits do they offer to the farmer? SC: These are grains that farmers in Iowa have grown in the past-- farmers across the Corn Belt used to grow oats, used to grow wheat, used to grow barley, in rotation with corn and soybeans, that was pretty common up until the 1970s and 1980s. And so those grains, since the 80s or so until today have really left the landscape. Cereal production worldwide has been on the decline because corn and soybeans have taken a lot of acres worldwide. And so what we find is when we grow corn and soy beans in really short rotations-- a two-year rotation, either we grow corn corn all the time or corn soybean all the time-- we have reduced corn and soybean yields over time because we have issues from diseases and pests and we have expenses. It’s more expensive to grown corn in some of these systems. And so if we can work in small grains-- the oats, rye, wheat, the things we used to grow prior to the early 90s basically, we get the breaks in those pest cycles, we get the breaks in those weed cycles so we get to grow corn at a much cheaper rate because we’re growing it with those big fancy cover crops that farmers are excited about. So to the farmer, those are really the benefits. They’re basically finding a better way to grow corn and soybeans when it’s in an extended rotation with small grains. There’s definitely water quality benefits, we see less phosphorus loss, less nitrogen loss, less erosion, in this extended rotation. We need less fertilizer, less pesticides to grow that same amount of soybean when we grow those oats with that red clover or oats with the diverse cover crops, things like that because that green manure cover crop is really serving that purpose for the system that maybe chemicals would’ve done. And also because we’re reducing fertilizer so much we’re also reducing greenhouse gases. Data from Iowa state shows they reduce fertilizer by 88 percent which is a pretty big reduction in greenhouse gases when we cut fertilizer to that amount since fertilizer is such a big greenhouse gas emitter in the system. So benefits are really improved water quality, improved soil quality and soil health, reductions in greenhouse gases. And the water quality is reduced eco-toxicity. That’s what it really is at the end of the day. FT: What is green manure? SC: A green manure cover crop would just be growing your own nitrogen. It’s a way for farmers to use plants to grow nitrogen for the following corn crop as opposed to depending on and buying manufactured fertilizers. FT: Small grains can be used as cover crops or as a cash crop. Could you explain the differences between the two uses? SC: When I say cover crop, there is not a product from that. There isn’t a sold product, although the word crop is in there, there isn’t a product that comes from cover crops. It’s just a placeholder. It’s just a plant that grows on the landscape and covers up the soil, and might fix some nitrogen to provide nitrogen to a corn crop but it’s not marketed. The small grains, which is confusing because a small grain could also be a cover crop when it’s just a cover crop and not marketed, could also be a third crop, or cash crop, when it’s taken all the way to harvest. And harvest is usually in July. So it’s the same plant -- either I plant it and then I kill it before it harvests grain because I’m going to plant corn or soybean next, or I’m going to plant it and I’m going to let it go all the way to grain harvest and not plant corn or soybeans next. With that small grain crop, is where I grow that green manure cover crop. We’re really talking about the same plants, just used in different ways. FT: A major concern of farmers when making changes to their farm system is whether or not it will be a successful investment. Who, currently, are the major consumers of small grains and do you envision that market changing? SC: We want to look for markets for these small grain crops-- when they’re crops, not just cover crops, but when they’re actually crops that we’re harvesting and eating or feeding the animals. We are working on this new project that we received funding for from the federal Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) fund. Also the state of Iowa NRCS gave us a grant to do this in Iowa specifically, the federal one is to work in Minnesota and Wisconsin as well. Our goal is to work with an organization called Sustainable Food Lab (SFL), who is a food and beverage company member organization. And they will work with food and beverage companies who are interested in making some sort of change. They’re very similar to PFI in that they’re driven by what their membership wants, their staff work on what their members want, their members just happen to be food and beverage companies as opposed to farmers. So it’s a really cool partnership. So we work with SFL and they’ll bring companies to Iowa that want to think about how to make changes in their supply chain. How could they meet some more sustainability goals? There’s a big cultural shift in these companies who are saying, well why can’t we help reduce greenhouse gases, why can’t we help improve water quality? Why can’t we reduce overextending the aquifer? You know, whatever the environmental issue might be, why can’t we as a company have a positive impact on the land? Maybe we need to work within our supply chain to see if there are changes that we can support and make a transition to. And maybe it’s not transitioning to organic, maybe they’re not ready to take that step because their brand is not an organic brand, but maybe they want to be a little bit lighter on the landscape. And we know that there are obviously negative externalities of agriculture, I mean the Gulf of Mexico really shows that there’s a canary in the coalmine, there’s obviously something going on. The system is not sustainable when its leaking that amount of phosphorus and nitrogen at those rates, something is wrong. So, SFL will work with us and say, I’ve got company X, they’re a protein company, like they’re a livestock company, or they buy some protein product, and they want to explore how could they influence their supply chain to maybe feed pigs in a different way, or feed cows in a different way for milk products or yogurt. So then we work with farmers on the ground, who might be in Iowa to try a pilot project. So something like, okay, these pigs in this farm are going to be fed this alternative option that has this small grain. The farmers in that area are going to grow this small grain and PFI is going to work with those farmers to see what are some barriers to growing this small grain, what are barriers for good yield, what are ways to make sure they’re successful. And we’ll use our farmer to farmer info sharing research model to help those farmers make those changes to grow really good small grains and get it to market which will be the pigs or cows, or turkeys or chickens. And then with the with the companies, test out, okay these pigs were fed these alternative rations with small grains and these other pigs a non-alternative ration, what differences do we have? Are we having more cost? Are we having less cost? Are we improving the health of the animals? Are we having less animals dying? Are we having more pigs alive at the end of this project in the alternative barns vs. the non-alternative? And so that’s what we want to figure out. Published research might tell us one thing--we have a good hypothesis going in that says more than likely we will have positive results. We do a literature review to make sure our suggested alternative is going to probably be successful. But then we want companies to actually go through this alternative and test it out in their business model and see-- is this actually not that big of a deal, and this change would mean that their customer might buy more product from them, or their customer might pay them a premium, or something like that in the market. FT: Part of your work as an agronomist involves finding solutions to integrated crop and livestock concerns. What are some of the major challenges and benefits to integrated crop and livestock production systems? SC: The biggest challenge is the market. That’s exactly what this agreement is working on. It’s how can we make sure that we have markets that support farms that grow a diversity of crops on the farm, maybe have a diversity of livestock-fed alternative rations, that’s a big challenge is the market. There’s benefits to an integrated system, whether the farmer actually owns the crop and the livestock or has a close relationship with another farmer who has that other enterprise. So sometimes we have, within a family they grow both crop and livestock. Sometimes we have two families-- one is really into the livestock the other is really into the crops but they share resources. So that’s great too. The benefit of having those two systems highly integrated is so that we better manage nutrients. So when we grow crops, if they have a place to be fed to the livestock, then we’re more likely to have a diversity of crops because we have a market for them through the livestock. And then the waste from the livestock, manure, isn’t just disposed of in a fashion as if it was garbage, it’s reincorporated back onto the cropland. And so then that’s a way to offset purchased manufactured fertilizer, which means the livestock farmer has a place for their manure, which is good for the soil and it’s at rates that are tolerable for the soil to receive. When we have too many animals in one area, it’s too much for the soil around them. We get loading, just too many nutrients on soil. When we have better coupled crop and livestock systems, then we have a better balance of those systems and it’s a win-win for everybody. There’s less loss of nutrients, better utilization of nutrients, which means there’s less purchased fertilizer by the farmer which means they all make more money. That’s the real benefit and why we want to make sure we have these really tightly coupled crop and livestock systems. FT: Practical Farmers of Iowa has been helping farmers move towards more sustainable practices for over 30 years. What are some of the biggest differences in the needs and desires of farmers then and now? SC: It’s amazing to me that we’re really still asking very similar questions. At the core of what our work is, that is, research and outreach of that research by the farmer-- that core request is still there. They still want to do research projects about questions that they have on their farm, and they still want to talk about it with their neighbors, and want help with getting all that accomplished. And that core, that core still stays there. And I notice that when we work with other farm groups, they maybe don’t have that same model. And when those farmers are at meetings that I’m at, I’ll just say “If you ever want to do some on-farm research, don’t hesitate to reach out to us, you can become a member and we’ll help you do on farm research.” And we’ll get those other farm groups’ members into our membership because there is this desire to be curious on farms, there’s a desire to test things out in a meaningful way and then talk about it to their neighbors. So it’s really basic. And that really still continues. It’s really interesting to me that that curiosity is maybe in the blood of all farmers. Of the specific content, on the specific questions that their asking, I’d say, some of the ones who have maybe done research for 30 years maybe aren’t asking exactly the same questions, but as we get new farmers in the organization and new farmers on the land, they then are asking those questions that they’ve seen other farmers ask. They’ll go to field days and maybe learn from a veteran farmer on how did you do this, what were you studying, what was your population, what was your program for this crop production system? But they still want to test it on their farms in their soils to kind of ground truth in what they’ve read. So, we are regurgitating a lot of stuff. Like all the cover crop stuff we’re doing today, is stuff we did 15 years ago. Farmers are asking the same questions they asked 15 years ago, and we’re kind of doing it again but they’re doing it on their farms and we’re able to talk about it. And a lot of times we have new observations from it, so it’s not just an exercise in worthlessness—there are new observations that come from it. But it is interesting that we do a lot of the things over again. FT: What do you see as the greatest opportunity to improve the food system? SC: The greatest opportunity is really holding the food and beverage companies’ feet to the fire. If they’re going to make claims on sustainability goals, and say they want to meet sustainability goals, like, X pounds reduction of greenhouse gases in their supply chain, X pounds reduction of nitrates in water bodies, then there are ways to really accomplish this. And they can change the way farmers farm rather quickly as long as they actually do it. And so that means they need to figure out ways to be smarter about making purchases, smarter about their procurement. And farmers are not opposed to any of this-- they’re quite happy to grow what the market wants. And I feel, when we talk about small grains with them, like if I talk about oats with farmers that are like 55 or 56 years old, they’re kind of saddened that they can’t really grow oats anymore and they can’t grow it because they don’t have a market for it. It’s a crop they grew up with. It’s one where maybe they remember their grandpa doing a lot more of and their dad did a little bit, and then it was gone. So they’re kind of sad about it-- it’s kind of funny. And so it’s not like they’d be opposed to this. What is interesting about this is that by holding those companies’ feet to the fire, it’s not like we’re talking about totally getting rid of what we’re doing today-- it’s just some tweaks of what we’re doing today. It shouldn’t be a huge shakeup in the supply chain. I mean, what we’re even asking is for just a million acres of oats out of 23 million acres of corn and soybean. Just reduce corn and soybean production by a million acres and grow a million acres of oats and have markets for that and then put cover crops on 10 million acres of corn and soybeans. That right there will solve Iowa’s water quality problems and have a huge reduction in greenhouse gases. Because a million acres of corn will have received 50 percent less manufactured fertilizer. And Walmart could just say, all our ham is going to have come from pigs that were fed 10 percent of their ration as oats. That’s what it is. Or, all their ham from Iowa. I mean a lot of their pigs are going to come from Iowa no matter what. Pigs from Iowa and North Carolina, they’re going to have 10 percent of their ration be oats. If companies are actually serious about their supply chains having an impact on sustainability goals, then they need to do some bold things. And they obviously need to be business smart and not just make crazy demands that will put farmers out of business but if there’s a thoughtful way, working with farmers on what can happen, farmers would be all in. Especially the under 45-year olds because they’re new, they’re back on their land, they’ve gone through some good times and now they’re back to these bad times, and it’s the bad times their grandfather spoke about and they want to avoid those extremes and how do they do that? Well, cutting fertilizer is a good way to control costs, cutting inputs is a good way to control costs which helps them be successful profit-wise over time and adding a third crop is a way to really control those costs. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
226757,"Missing Woman Found ""Chained Like a Dog"" Megan Friedman Photo credit: Facebook More Kala Brown, 30, was reported missing Aug. 31, causing her loved ones to frantically search for her and hold out hope that she was still alive. More than two months later, she was found - and had been chained up and locked in a metal container the entire time, WYFF-TV reports. Police had received information from a sex crime investigator and were searching on a property in Woodruff, South Carolina. Suddenly, they heard her banging inside the padlocked container, which measured 30 feet long, 15 feet wide, and around 10 feet high. Spartanburg County Sheriff Chuck Wright told reporters at a news conference that they found Brown with a chain around her neck. ""It was pretty emotional, to say the least, when she was found, especially when she was chained like a dog,” Wright said. He said Brown told police she had been locked inside the container for two months. She had been fed on a regular basis but was “obviously traumatized,” Wright added. She has been taken to a medical facility, and her family has set up a GoFundMe account to help her recovery. Police are still looking for Charlie Carver, 32, who was also reported missing on the same day. Brown and Carver had been dating and recently moved in together; police found their apartment unlocked, with just their dog inside with no food or water. Friends and family believe that someone has been impersonating him on Facebook , posting frequently and sending cryptic messages. Brown’s account was not updated since her disappearance. View photos Wright said there could be up to four bodies still on the property. Investigators have found weapons and ammunition on the 100-acre property, and even got a tip that there are bear traps scattered around. So far, police have arrested the property’s owner, Todd Kohlhepp, a convicted sex offender who knew Brown and was on the property when police were searching it. He has been charged with kidnapping, according to WSPA-TV , and has a bond hearing set for Friday. “We’re trying to make sure we don’t have a serial killer on our hands,” Wright said. “It very possibly could be what we have.” Updated 11/5/16, 1:15pm EST: CNN reports that a body has been found on the property. A spokesman for the 7th Circuit Solicitor's Office didn't reveal much about the body, saying that a dog detected it on a search on Thursday. They did not specify whether the body was male or female. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Follow Megan on Twitter .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
280528,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - A slip dam caused by a series of earthquakes that have hit New Zealand, blocking the Clarence River on the South Island, has breached and sent a wall of water heading downstream, Radio New Zealand quoted local authorities as saying on Monday. ""Residents are urgently advised to move to higher ground immediately,"" RNZ quoted a statement from the Marlborough District Council as saying. A powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit overnight, followed by hundreds of aftershocks.
(Reporting by Lincoln Feast; Editing by Paul Tait)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
319032,"InStyle November 15, 2016 You know all the stuff that never goes out of style? They're the basics that, admittedly, err on the boring side of fashion, but make up the core of your wardrobe. You know what we're talking about: it's the crisp button-down, the little black dress, the pair of tailored trousers--the hardest working pieces in your closet that that have seen you through all your job interviews, every big important meeting, and those times when you wake up hating everything you own. (Here's the full list of the pieces that never go out of fashion ). Based on wear count alone, these pieces are worth investing in. Good news: An investment pieces doesn't have to be an ""investment."" In fact, you can find quality staples that cost less than, say, the same total as a down payment on a car or house. Even better news: We found said pieces, and each rings in under $100. Scroll through to shop these nine pieces that you'll wear forever. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
296226,"Ryan Reynolds (Photo: Cindy Ord/Getty Images for SiriusXM) 
Ryan Reynolds' superhero movie Deadpool  was a huge box-office success when it debuted in February, but the years worth of work that went into it reportedly took a toll on its lead actor. 
In an interview with GQ , Reynolds revealed that the 11-year process of getting Deadpool in theaters brought him to the brink of a ""nervous breakdown"" once the production came to a close.
""I felt like I was on some schooner in the middle of a white squall the whole time,"" he said. ""It just never stopped. When it ﬁnally ended, I had a little bit of a nervous breakdown. I literally had the shakes.
""I went to go see a doctor because I felt like I was suffering from a neurological problem or something,"" he continued. ""And every doctor I saw said, 'You have anxiety.'""
Deadpool went on to rake in over $782 million at the worldwide box office, and Reynolds now sees the film's runaway success as ""vindication"" for the years of toiling with 20th Century Fox to get the movie made. 
""There's a certain vindication that comes with that, especially because the studio — granted, under different regimes — for years just kept telling us to go f--- ourselves sterile.""
Following the movie's box-office domination this year, 20th Century Fox is reportedly in the process of making two Deadpool sequels , neither of which have release dates at this point.  
NOW WATCH: Watch the first trailer for Disney's live-action 'Beauty and the Beast' starring Emma Watson 

More From Business Insider 
Why critics are in love with 'Arrival,' the most acclaimed sci-fi movie of the year The 'Fantastic Beasts' producer explains why there are 5 movies in the franchise Robert Redford says he's retiring from acting",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
66910,"From brown butter to small-batch ciders to versatile cauliflower, a trendologist gives the scoop on the hottest holiday trends to grace the Thanksgiving table this year. Spatchcocked or splayed turkey
Behold two similar methods that not only cook a turkey at record speed but also increase the meat’s juiciness. The first, spatchcocking , requires cutting and removing the poultry’s backbone before pressing the meat down to create an even layer. There’s also the slightly less involved (and beginner- friendly) splaying technique , which involves slicing through the skin connecting the turkey legs on both sides, popping out the thighs, and then pressing the entire turkey down. Both spatchcocking and splaying provide the same effect — creating an environment that lets the dark meat cook slightly faster than the white meat, and reduces the chance that the white meat will overcook.
View photos
Photo: Stocksy More Veggie power
The exploration of vegetables continues apace. Nielson says that, like last year, beets, Brussels sprouts, and cauliflower continue to fascinate. Food blogger Krysten Dornik notes that dishes made popular thanks to certain diets or food allergies — zoodles (zucchini noodles), mashed cauliflower, and nut meal pie crusts — have become mainstream. “People with food allergies will make them because of the obvious reasons, but everyone else will make them too because they are ‘healthy’ and trendy,” she says. “Everyone wants to be healthy year-round, even during the holidays, so making mashed cauliflower instead of potatoes eliminates the unwanted carbs that everyone seems to be avoiding more than ever.”
Brown flavor boosters
Brown is in this Thanksgiving, courtesy of seasonal flavor enhancers such as maple syrup, bourbon, caramel, and brown butter. Trendologist Kara Nielson, who tracks food buzz through various data sources, says the ingredients add a deep, rich flavor to many dishes. Ways she would incorporate them into the meal include adding brown butter into a pastry crust, swirling maple syrup over roasted carrots, or pouring splashes of bourbon into cornbread stuffing.
View photos
Photo: Getty Images More Apple roses and the Pinterest treatment
Nielson says there is a rise is the “Pinterest effect,” which encourages cooks to take plating to the next decorative level. “This is the high holidays for entertaining and making things look fantastic. While you can’t do this for every dish, maybe pick one or two to be stunners,” she says. Examples include decorating a pie crust with cutouts or the very Pinterest-popular apple “roses.”
Global flavors
Nielson notes the popularity of Israeli-born British restaurateur and cookbook author Yotam Ottolenghi has infused Middle Eastern flavors into recipes, especially vegetables. There’s also a heightened excitement over Asian ingredients like miso paste, fish sauce, and soy sauce — think miso glaze brushed onto a turkey, for an Asian spin on Thanksgiving. The executive chef of Dos Caminos, Ivy Stark, recommends embracing nontraditional sides: “For instance, doing a Mediterranean-style dinner, with healthy and delicious mezes like spice-grilled eggplant and cumin-roasted carrots, or doing a Latin-style dinner with roasted corn and green chiles, or sweet potato and black bean salad will be popular as well as vegetable mash-ups, celery root and apple puree, potato and carrot, sweet potato and pear.”
Regional hard cider
While pumpkin beers are still as popular as ever, Nielson says specifically that artisan regional ciders beyond the big brand names (such as Angry Orchard) will be on trend for the holiday. Not only are ciders seasonal and gluten-free, but she says the 750-milliliter bottles look great on the Thanksgiving table. But don’t just use them to drink; she advises adding a drizzle to roasted root vegetables like carrots or parsnips, boiling it down for a glaze to brush over a dessert, or even stirring into pancake batter for the next day’s breakfast. “Beer and cider with a cheese plate are also a fantastic pairing for general holiday entertaining,” says Nielson, principal of Kara Nielson Food Trends.
View photos
Photo: Stocksy More Shrub-based cocktails
Don’t worry about wine pairings with the meal. Instead, Nielson says cocktails will have a home on the Thanksgiving table with store-bought or homemade cocktail syrups or shrubs as the base. She also notes that a homemade drink kit with shrubs could be the hostess gift of the year.
Thanksgiving takeout or meal kits
Executive Chef Duane Owen at Pechanga Resort and Casino in Temecula, Calif., has had phenomenal success with a Thanksgiving to-go option which has spread via word-of-mouth since starting three years ago. “People say they love our Thanksgiving to-go because it allows them more time with family and friends during the holidays,” Owen says. “There is absolutely no cooking or cleaning, so the hours you would normally spend doing that, you’re now spending with your loved ones. Really, that’s the whole point of holidays.” Nielson also points to an increase in meal kits, like the Thanksgiving ones offered by the New York Times . Not only do they take some of the stress out of holiday cooking, but they also allow you to skip a trip to the packed grocery store.
Let’s keep in touch! Follow Yahoo Beauty on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , and Pinterest .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
159196,"LONDON (AP) — Nigel Farage is reveling in his successful campaign to take Britain out of the European Union, buddying up to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and predicting the fire he helped kindle may soon spread to France and finally torch the European integration project. Heady stuff for a man who was defeated in his 2015 bid for a seat in the British Parliament and who is no longer at the helm of the right-wing UK Independence Party.
Farage is scorned by Britain's power elite but is hardly languishing in obscurity, thanks now to his remarkable access to Trump.
Farage told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the anti-elite passions which fueled the Brexit referendum vote and Trump's victory are spreading to France and other countries and may soon splinter the 28-nation EU.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
24208,"By Andreas Rinke and Madeline Chambers BERLIN (Reuters) - Angela Merkel told top members of her party on Sunday that she wants to run for a fourth term as German chancellor in next year's election, senior party sources told Reuters, after months of speculation about one of the world's most powerful women.
Despite a voter backlash over her open-door migrant policy, the conservative is seen as a stabilizing force in Europe amid uncertainty caused by Britain's vote to leave the European Union and the election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president.
Merkel told leading figures in her Christian Democrats (CDU) party in Berlin on Sunday about her intentions, several participants said. The meeting is to prepare for a party conference in December, the last before the election.
She is due to hold a news conference at 1800 GMT.
Some 55 percent of Germans want Merkel to serve a fourth term, with 39 percent against, an Emnid poll published in the Bild am Sonntag newspaper showed on Sunday.
Merkel, 62, has steered Europe's biggest economy through the financial crisis and the euro zone debt crisis and has won respect internationally - U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday described her as an ""outstanding"" ally.
With Trump's victory in the United States and the rise in support for right-wing parties in Europe, some commentators see Merkel as a bastion of Western liberal values.
However, her decision last year to open Germany's borders to around 900,000 migrants, mostly from war zones in the Middle East, angered many voters at home and hit her personal ratings.
TURN BACK THE CLOCK
Her party has slumped in regional elections in the last year while support for the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) has swelled.
In September, after a heavy defeat for the CDU in a Berlin state election, a humbled Merkel surprised the country by saying she wished she could turn the clock back on the migrant crisis, though she stopped short of saying her policy was a mistake.
Merkel, who grew up in Communist East Germany, is a physicist who only became involved in politics after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. She is seen as a talented negotiator but has also shown a ruthless streak.
A Protestant woman in a mainly Catholic and male-dominated party, at least when she became its leader in 2000, Merkel never built up a regional power base but over the years she has sidelined her main male rivals and has no obvious successor.
She still requires the backing of her Christian Social Union (CSU) allies in Bavaria, who have fiercely criticized her open-door migrant policy but, with no obvious candidate of their own, are widely expected to fall in behind her.
Polls put her conservative bloc around 10 points ahead of its nearest rivals, the Social Democrats (SPD), with whom she shares power. Many pollsters see another 'grand coalition' as the most likely option after the September election, although the rise of the AfD makes coalition arithmetic more complicated.
By standing again, Merkel could end up matching the 16 years in office of her former mentor, Helmut Kohl. It was Merkel herself who broke with Kohl and told her party in 1999, in the midst of a funding scandal, that it should move on without him.
It is unclear whether, if she wins a fourth term, she would serve a full four years. She has said in the past that she wants to find the right time to leave politics, and not cling on too long.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Stephen Powell and Philippa Fletcher)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
93312,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain cannot expect a better relationship with the European Union than it currently has once it leaves the bloc, incoming EU president Malta said on Friday, signaling a tough stance in looming Brexit negotiations. British Prime Minister Theresa May has said she will trigger Article 50 of the EU treaty, the two-year negotiation process for leaving the 28-nation bloc, before the end of March next year.
The tiny Mediterranean island of Malta, a former British colony, takes over the EU's rotating six-month presidency in January.
""There will not be a situation where the UK will have a better deal than it has today. It simply cannot be,"" Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat told BBC radio.
Asked about British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson's suggestion that post-Brexit Britain could have access to the EU's single market while restricting free movement of EU citizens, Muscat said: ""There is absolutely no bluffing from the European side ...""
""No, this is really and truly our position and I don't see it changing,"" he said, ruling out any softening of the EU position in the Brexit talks.
A spokesman for May said her government was approaching the negotiations ""in the spirit of goodwill"" with a view to seeking the best outcome for Britain and the 27 other EU member states.
The BBC also quoted Muscat as saying the talks on the details of Britain's new relationship with the EU could be delayed, but it did not elaborate.
Asked if the government was preparing for a delay, May's spokesman said there had been no change in Britain's plans.
British voters backed Brexit by 52 percent to 48 percent in a referendum on June 23.
Many of those who voted to leave the EU were swayed by concerns over large-scale immigration into Britain from other EU member states, allowed under rules on freedom of movement.
(Reporting by Sarah Young and William James; Editing by Stephen Addison)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
89064,"Bindi Irwin Joins Family and Boyfriend Chandler Powell to Celebrate Late Father's Legacy at Steve Irwin Gala Zach Seemayer Bindi Irwin continued to honor her late father's legacy over the Thanksgiving weekend. The former Dancing With the Stars champ stepped out with her boyfriend, professional wakeboarder Chandler Powell , at the 10th annual Steve Irwin Gala dinner in Brisbane, Australia, where she was joined by her mom, Terri, and her brother, Robert. Before and during the event, the 18-year-old nature conservationist took over the Wildlife Warriors Instagram page where she shared some pics from the black tie event, and some heartwarming memories of her father. WATCH: Bindi Irwin Pays Tribute to Her Mom and Late Father While Celebrating 18th Birthday ""Thank you for joining me, @bindisueirwin on this Instagram Takeover,"" Bindi captioned a throwback pic of her and her family when she was a little girl. ""As the #SteveIrwinGala comes to an end this year we reflect on the beautiful memories we have of the ultimate Wildlife Warrior, my Dad, Steve Irwin. His legacy will live on forever."" Before the event even kicked off, Bindi shared a super cute photo of her and Chandler posing with a koala. ""Thrilled that @ChandlerPowell will be joining us tonight at the Steve Irwin Gala Dinner. He is one of our fantastic Wildlife Warrior Global Ambassadors,"" she shared. ""We always love spending time together at the Australia Zoo Wildlife Hospital, especially when we get to cuddle gorgeous koala joeys like this little beauty."" Back in October, ET caught up with Bindi and Chandler for their first joint interview, where the DWTS winner revealed the exact moment she knew her boyfriend was a real keeper. Check out the adorable interview in the video below. Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
95990,"NEW YORK (AP) — With daughters Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian by her side, an emotional Kris Jenner paid tribute to her late ex-husband Robert Kardashian, saying he taught the family about the importance of philanthropy and that he would be ""very proud"" of their success. Robert Kardashian, perhaps best known as one of the lawyers on the successful defense team of O.J. Simpson during his murder trial, died in 2003 of esophageal cancer, years before his clan would become famous with the reality show ""Keeping Up with the Kardashians."" He was posthumously honored Monday night during the annual Angel Ball, which raises money for cancer research.
Jenner's voice cracked more than once as she spoke on behalf of the family. She noted that she met Kardashian when she was 17. ""He kind of raised me, and we had four kids together.""
Jenner said Kardashian taught her and her children about the need to donate some of their wealth to others.
""He taught me, and them, that no matter what you do in life — and he would have been very proud of us — and what you make, you give back, and you do it without saying a word, because that's what the Bible said, and we did,"" she said, through tears.
Jenner also took aim at those who have criticized the family's wealth and said they should be more charitable.
""People often say, 'Oh, you know, they do this, they do that, they don't give back' — yeah, we do, but we do it for things that don't need a loud voice,"" she said. ""But after hearing so many stories tonight, and so many wonderful outcomes, I'm really glad we can be a voice.""
The family gave a $250,000 check to Gabrielle's Angel Foundation for Cancer Research, the benefactor of the night's fundraising efforts.
The event, which raised nearly $3.7 million, attracted stars such as Hugh Jackman and the Duchess of York. Kim Kardashian had been expected to attend. It would have been her first public outing at a celebrity event since she was tied up and robbed at gunpoint in Paris last month. However, she didn't appear, and there were reports that her husband, Kanye West, had been hospitalized in Los Angeles for stress and exhaustion. When asked how the couple was doing, Jenner simply said, ""They're good.""
___
Online:
gabriellesangels.org",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
39561,"WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand coach Mike Hesson hopes a return to familiar conditions will help stem a four-test losing streak when his lineup meets Pakistan in a two-match series starting Thursday in Christchurch. Hesson said the New Zealand players have moved on from recent away losses in South Africa and India and are determined to continue an impressive recent run of form in test matches at home.
""I think we've won seven out of our 11 tests at home in the last three years, with a couple of draws and a couple of losses,"" Hesson said. ""You do that because conditions are familiar to you and you adapt quicker than other sides.
""We've been stressing the fact that we need to prepare for conditions that we're more familiar with. It's a matter of going through that rather than reliving India.""
After losing its two-test series in South Africa 1-0, New Zealand was swept 3-0 by India, losing all three tests by large margins. None of the New Zealand batsmen come into the Pakistan series with the confidence of having a large number of runs behind them: none reached a century in the three India tests.
The Kiwis failed against the spin bowling of Ravi Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja, who shared 41 wickets in three tests, but Hesson believes they will be more comfortable at home where spin will be less of a factor.
Hesson said the pitch at Christchurch's Hagley Oval would have pace and bounce throughout the match and would likely be ideal for batting. He believed any mental scars from the India test defeats have already healed and the batsmen would have the chance to return to form in favorable conditions.
""There was a period of having to deal with dented confidence but that was some time ago,"" Hesson said. ""At the time we needed to dwell on some of the areas we hadn't performed well in and we've done that.
""We'll be challenged by this Pakistan (bowling) attack, there's no doubt about that. They've got an attack that suits all conditions around the world. They swing the new ball, they reverse it and they've got a very good spinner.""
New Zealand hasn't beaten Pakistan in a test series in New Zealand since 1985 and will again start as underdogs against the tourists, who are ranked No. 2 in test cricket.
Captain Kane Williamson indicated opening batsman Jeet Raval will make his test debut for New Zealand in Christchurch, though the remainder of the lineup has yet to be decided. Allrounder Colin de Grandhomme is also being considered for a test debut and Todd Astle might return to the test team as a specialist spinner after four years out.
Misbah-ul-Haq will captain Pakistan in a test match for the 50th time and, at 42, remains the nucleus of the Pakistan batting lineup with 37-year-old Younis Khan.
Pakistan has also yet to finalize its lineup but coach Mickey Arthur said he expected Hagley Oval to provide a ""good, fair cricket wicket.""
""We've got some pretty handy swing and seam bowlers as well,"" Arthur said. ""I still think it's going to be top seven (batsmen) versus top seven really because both sides possess really good bowling attacks in all departments, seam swing, pace and spin.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
139580,"Lady Gaga Gets Sandwiched Between Gigi and Bella Hadid in Cute #VSFashionShow 'Gram Kelsey Glein Share Credit: Desiree Navarro/FilmMagic Ever since it was revealed that Lady Gaga would be taking the stage at the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show earlier this month, we've been eagerly anticipating her performance--and the time is almost here. She took to Instagram today to share a photo of herself after arriving in Paris for the annual event, and it doesn't disappoint. In the snap, the ""Perfect Illusion"" singer is sandwiched between model sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid , both who are set to walk in this year's show. Mother Monster rocks the lingerie brand's signature pink robe, fishnet tights, and major platform booties, while the Hadid ladies wear matching outfits made up of black graphic tank tops, sleek bomber jackets, white jeans, and black boots. The trio puckers up as they pose side-by-side for the cute photo. Lady Gaga seemed quite excited about the moment, and captioned the picture: "" with my angels! @gigihadid @bellahadid #VSFashionShow."" :kissing_heart: VIDEO: 10 Unforgettable Looks from the 2015 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 5204890844001 This will be Gigi's second time hitting the #VSFashionShow runway and Bella's first. Gaga will take the stage at the extravaganza alongside fellow performers Bruno Mars and The Weeknd . To see it all go down, watch the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show when it airs Dec. 5 at 10 p.m. ET on CBS. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
127859,"Pin it Share BANGKOK (AP) — Top Thai court dismisses defamation case against British labor activist by fruit canning company, attorney general. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
314513,"MUNICH (AP) — Bayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge has rekindled a debate about the role of smaller soccer nations in qualifying after Germany thumped Gibraltar 8-0. ""Now we are playing San Marino, Kosovo, Gibraltar. I am asking myself why there are no qualifications for such small nations,"" Rummenigge said in an interview with Sport-Bild newspaper, due to be published Wednesday.
Rummenigge suggested such countries should go through pre-qualifying before they joined the main qualifying groups for tournaments such as the World Cup and European Championship.
Rummenigge also complained about the one country-one vote system in FIFA and UEFA, saying that votes of smaller nations carried the same weight as that of football power Germany.
The two topics come up fairly regularly in German media.
Germany, the World Cup champion, thrashed San Marino in World Cup qualifying on Friday.
Afterward, Bayern forward Thomas Mueller said that the San Marino part-timers had tried their best, but that the match had little in common with ""professional football.""
In response, San Marino Olympic Committee spokesman Alan Gasperoni put out an open letter listing 10 reasons for such games to be played.
One of them was that it gave an opportunity to San Marino kids to watch the World Cup champion in action and that football belongs to everyone who loves the game.
The letter concluded that, even though Germany may wear beautiful shirts, ""you will always be the ones who wear white socks with their sandals"" — poking fun at a fashion item sometimes worn by German tourists.
Philipp Lahm, the Bayern captain, disagreed with his own chairman, saying small clubs and small nations looked forward to such games.
""I think for them it was the biggest game of the year, maybe even in several years,"" Lahm said of San Marino. ""They were looking forward to it and that's what football is all about, joy.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
247698,"Need A Distraction? This Braid Tutorial Is Utterly Mesmerising Lexy Lebsack Pin it Share There's something remarkably mesmerising about watching an elaborate braid come together. Over, under, around, over, under, around — it's almost impossible not to fall into a trance. We bet you'll harness a similar feeling while watching the above video. (If there's any week to take a brief escape into an altered state...) And hey, you'll even learn a rad new style from one of the best hairstylists in the game: Sarah Potempa . Yesterday, the hair genius stopped by our L.A. offices — with a few of her game-changing Beachwavers in tow, of course — to teach us five different braids that can be done for every occasion. From simple tricks (a looped end allows you to secure a pulled-back braid with ease) to original looks that you may not have thought of (a side fishtail pulled into a messy pony), expect a mix of technique and trend. Got curly hair? There's an option that lets you show off those ringlets. Fine hair? You're covered, too. Need some tips on what pins to use? Potempa breaks it all down. Now, which plait to choose first?  ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
182412,"By Aaron Couch, The Hollywood Reporter Rogue One: A Star Wars Story  is already drumming up Death Star-sized business one day after going on sale.
MovieTickets.com says that the film led the site to the biggest presales day of 2016, and on the site, presales for the first  Star Wars standalone sold 90 percent of blockbuster Star Wars: The Force Awakens did on its first day.
Fandango also reported Monday was its highest presales day of the year, and its second highest presales day ever, behind Force Awakens .
Rogue One , from director Gareth Edwards, is tracking to open to $130-million-plus range, which would mark the second-biggest December opening of all time behind Force Awakens , which debuted to a record $248 million domestically. It eventually grossed $2.07 billion worldwide.
Rogue One stars Felicity Jones as she leads a group of Rebels to steal the plans for the Death Star. In an interview with Empire  published this week, Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy said that no matter how big a hit Rogue One is, there will be no sequel .
Related: A 7-Year-Old’s Hilarious (and Heartbreaking) Review of ‘Empire Strikes Back’ 
Watch a video on the diversity of the ‘Rogue One’ cast:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
107341,"HELSINKI (AP) — Finland's defense minister says he does not see the recent deployment of Russian missiles in the Baltic region as a direct threat but warns that a negative spiral of actions and counter-actions could cause ""something to happen, even if only accidentally."" In an interview Wednesday with Finnish MTV3 News, Jussi Niinisto said that similar movements of missiles had occurred before and that countries watched such actions closely.
""We naturally support detente. And we practice an active policy of stability,"" Niinisto said. ""We'd like to see the military situation calm down in the Baltic Sea rather than escalate.""
Niinisto said Russia could potentially threaten the small Nordic country, which shares a 1,300-kilometer (800-mile) border with its eastern neighbor, but that he had seen so such inclination among the Russian leadership.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
278542,"LOS ANGELES (AP) — Grammy-nominated DJ and producer Kaskade has seen the headlines proclaiming the beginning of the end of the electronic dance music craze — but he's not buying it. ""I don't think that at all, obviously. I'm busier than I ever have been and I think, really, we just kind of scratched the surface,"" he said in a recent interview. ""As far as the impact that it's had on the music culture, we're kind of just beginning still.""
As proof, Kaskade — whose real name is Ryan Raddon — pointed to his groundbreaking show at the Los Angeles Convention Center in May. He became the first dance music headliner to perform in the massive venue, which drew more than 20,000 fans.
""There's a lot of naysayers out there who are like, 'It's done. It's happened.' Whatever. I'm like, '25,000 tickets later, I think we're OK,'"" he said while brushing imaginary dust from his shoulder.
In the last seven years, electronic dance acts like David Guetta, Calvin Harris and Skrillex have dominated pop radio, collaborated with A-list singers and sold out stadiums and arenas like modern rock stars. Kaskade plans to take EDM to more heights with a new multivenue partnership with Hakkasan Group in Las Vegas. The Chicago native, who pioneered the EDM residency in Las Vegas in 2010, will kick off his new residency on Dec. 30 at Omnia in Caesars Palace. He will also perform at the company's other Vegas venues, including Jewel, Wet Republic and Hakkasan Nightclub.
He said he's continuing to raise the production value of his already bright, high-volume performances.
""Just technically where things have gone, I mean from a disco ball hanging in the middle of the room to what Omnia has — this multimillion dollar chandelier that moves around and like, I don't know, will shine your shoes at the same time. Like it just does everything. 'I want chicken wings' — chicken wings fall from the ceiling,"" he joked. ""It's just really unbelievable how far the experience has gone from just like a disco ball and like a laser to this massive, all-encompassing experience at these world-class venues.""
And the 44-year-old father of three isn't stopping there: ""I'm always looking to try and top myself ... I go to Dodger Stadium and I'm like, 'Hmm, I mean we could put a stage over here.'""
Kaskade has teamed with artists across genres, including Estelle and Neon Trees, and has remixed hits from Justin Bieber to Fleetwood Mac. But one chart-topping group remains on his collaborator wish-list: Twenty One Pilots.
Of the duo's album ""Blurryface,"" which includes the big hits ""Stressed Out"" and ""Ride,"" Kaskade said: ""It sounded fresh. It was music that was produced in today's fashion, but then had their own style to it, which I like because not a lot of pop music sounds current to me.""
""So if you guys are out there and listening to this interview, I'll send you something!""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
79500,"We all have weird dreams – and we all wonder what they mean [Photo: Getty] More Whether we remember them or not, we all dream. Every night, part of our sleep cycle involves dreaming as our brains process and refresh after the day. And whether they’re simply random electrical connections made by the brain as it processes and compartmentalises information or something deeper, there’s no doubt that what they might mean is endlessly fascinating. So we asked psychologist and dreams expert Ian Wallace, working with time4sleep, what common dreams people have, and what they really mean. Weird Dream #1 – Celebrity encounter In this dream, you are really surprised when your favourite celebrity appears and happily starts chatting with you as if you are firm and trusted friends. Meaning : Celebrities symbolise talent and also represent the power to freely make their own decisions. The personal quality that attracted you to the celebrity is an aspect of your own character that you are beginning to recognise in yourself. The action from this dream is to behave more like a celebrity, by openly displaying your abilities, rather than concealing them. By acknowledging your own talents, you will trust yourself more and become more celebrated for your unique skills. Weird Dream #2 – Finding an unused room In this dream, you notice a door in your house that you’re certain wasn’t there before. As you open the door, you find yourself in a room that you had totally forgotten about. Meaning: Dreaming about finding an unused room in your house indicates that you are opening up to the possibility of stepping into an exciting new opportunity in your day-to-day life. The room often seems familiar as it symbolises an aspect of your abilities that you really enjoyed expressing in the past. The reason that the room was forgotten about was that you previously felt that you had to close the door on this part of your life and move on from it. The action from this dream is to open yourself back up to your forgotten talents so you can step back into all the possibilities that they might hold. Weird Dream #3 – Return of an ex-lover In this dream, you are surprised to find yourself in a passionate encounter with an ex-lover. Although you are excited to be with them again, you also feel quite guilty. Meaning: When you dream about being in an intimate situation with an ex-lover, events in your current day-to-day life are triggering memories of the characteristics that you most closely associate with your ex. Rather than being mere wish fulfilment, you are using your ex to symbolise that these characteristics are becoming apparent in your waking life again. An ex-lover often appears in a dream to warn you of possibly repeating past relationship patterns with your current partner. The action from this dream is to confidently let go of old behaviours that are no longer of any value to you, so that you can truly be with your chosen partner. Weird Dream #4 – Visiting your childhood home In this dream, although you may have left your childhood home some time ago, you find yourself visiting it again. It can often feel as if you are looking for something you left there. Meaning: Dreaming about visiting your childhood home indicates that you are revisiting some of the fundamental influences that have helped to form your identity. Although you have successfully built on many of these foundational experiences in your day-to-day life, there may be other aspects of your talents that you didn’t have the chance to develop so fully. When you search through your childhood home, you are usually trying to reconnect with these qualities so that you can develop them now. The action from this dream is to recognise aspects of your potential that you would like to develop further by having the confidence to take the steps that you need. Weird Dream #5 – Abducted by aliens Dreaming about being abducted by aliens often begins with a sudden realisation that the normal people around you are actually alien life forms in very convincing human disguises. Meaning: When you dream that you have been abducted by aliens, it suggests that you are experiencing some unusual situations in your day-to-day life that might seem quite unfamiliar and alien to you. Being abducted indicates that you have no real control over this and feel that you are being forced to follow the wishes of other people. Read More This can often happen when you move into a new and unfamiliar social circle or place of work, and it can seem like a completely different world to the one you are used to. The action from this dream is to use this opportunity to learn new skills and find out more about yourself. Weird Dream #6 – Wild animal in the garden In this dream, you are out in your garden when a wild animal breaks cover and chases after you. Even though you make it to the safety of your house, the animal continually tries to follow you inside. Meaning: Dreaming about an animal chasing you in your garden indicates that you are thinking about how you control your instinctive impulses in waking life. Your house symbolises yourself and the garden represents the close friends and relationships that you cultivate in your social circle. The wild animal reflects the instinctive and impulsive part of you, which you often try and contain in social settings. You may be concerned that you can’t fully control these instincts and this may result in some embarrassing situations for you. The action from this dream is to become more acquainted with your instincts and this will help your social life to healthily bloom. Weird Dream #7 – Dressed in the wrong clothes In this dream, you are out in a public place, when you suddenly realise that you are dressed in the wrong clothes. Parts of your outfit may seem normal but the rest is completely inappropriate. Meaning: When you dream that you are wearing the wrong clothes in a public situation, it suggests that you are reflecting on how your behaviours may appear to other people in your day-to-day life. Your clothes symbolise the image of yourself that you choose to present to the people around you. Feeling that you are wearing the wrong clothes indicates that there may be a mismatch between who you feel you really are and who you are trying to appear to be. The action from this dream is just to display your individuality rather than trying to conform to the expectations of other people.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
142968,"RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — The secretary-general of the Saudi-based Organization of Islamic Cooperation has resigned just days after making a joke about the purportedly frugal ways of Egypt's president, the group said. The joke became the latest point of contention in Cairo's tense relations with Riyadh. But the resignation of the OIC chief, Saudi national Iyad bin Amin Madani, and Cairo's declared support for the Saudi nominee to replace him, may spare the two Sunni Arab powerhouses a further worsening in their relations.
The OIC said late Monday that Madani has resigned ""for health reasons.""
The Saudi daily Asharq Al-Awsat said in its Tuesday edition that Riyadh has nominated former Social Affairs Minister Youssef Ben Ahmed al-Othimein to replace Madani.
In a statement, Egypt's Foreign Ministry said it supported al-Othimein's nomination.
""The Arab Republic of Egypt supports the new Saudi nominee for the position in appreciation of the important role assumed by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in support of the goals and activities of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation,"" said the statement.
Madani, during an OIC meeting last week, confused the Tunisian president's name — Beji Caid Essebsi — with that of Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi.
Addressing Essebsi, he then said: ""I am sure your fridge has more than water.""
It was a reference to a comment recently made by el-Sissi claiming that for a decade his fridge contained nothing but water — a message to Egyptians to endure the harsh economic conditions their country is experiencing.
Madani's joke angered the Egyptians, with Foreign Minister Sameh Shukri declaring that it had cast doubt on Madani's ability to run the OIC — the world's largest body of Islamic nations with 57 members. Shukri also said Egypt would ""revise"" its approach to the OIC and its chief.
Egyptian media, meanwhile, claimed Madani was a supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group from which Egypt's ousted President Mohammed Morsi hails. El-Sissi led the military's 2013 overthrow of Morsi, whose year in office proved to be divisive. Authorities have since jailed Morsi, as well as thousands of his supporters, and branded the Brotherhood a terrorist organization.
Since 2013, Saudi Arabia has spent billions of dollars to keep Egypt's ailing economy afloat but relations between them have soured as of late, mainly over differences concerning the conflicts in Syria and Yemen, as well as economic issues.
Last month, the Saudis abruptly halted previously agreed fuel shipments, for which Egypt was given soft repayment terms. There have been no updates on whether they will resume.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
93515,"The conflict over the construction of an oil pipeline in North Dakota flared up again Sunday night. At least 17 protesters were taken to the hospital after authorities used tear gas, rubber bullets and water hoses to disperse a crowd of 400 people who had gathered there in subfreezing temperatures . Some were treated for hypothermia, organizers said, drawing the ire of critics, including Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who urged President Obama to protect the safety of those peacefully protesting the Dakota Access pipeline . Police defended their decision to use force, citing an “ongoing riot.” The clash between protesters and police came a day after actress Kristen Wiig asked viewers of NBC’s “Saturday Night Live” to “ please stand with Standing Rock ,” the Sioux Indian tribe whose reservation lies near the pipeline route .
What is the Dakota Access pipeline? The 1,172-mile pipeline is being constructed across four states — North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois — and is scheduled to carry 470,000 gallons of crude oil a day from fields in North Dakota to an existing refinery in Illinois. Construction on the $3.8 billion project , which gained full state approval in March, is nearly complete.
Why are people protesting it? A section of the pipeline that is slated to cross under the Missouri River is less than one mile from the Standing Rock Reservation. The tribe and its allies argue that it could leak and pollute Lake Oahe, Standing Rock’s sole water source, and disrupt the surrounding religious, burial and cultural sites. But Energy Transfer Partners, the developer of the project, says the pipeline transports oil more safely than trucks and will not harm the tribe’s sacred land.
When did the protests start? In April, an elder member of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe established the Sacred Stone Camp in Cannon Ball, N.D., to protest the pipeline shortly after construction began. The protests drew indigenous people from all over the country, at one point resulting in what was described as the largest gathering of Native Americans in more than 100 years. On social media, the hashtag #NoDAPL has been used to protest the pipeline.
View photos
Police use tear gas to disperse protesters during a demonstration against the Dakota Access pipeline in Cannon Ball, N.D., on Sunday. (Stephanie Keith/Reuters) More SLIDESHOW: Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline >>>
Who’s been leading them? Standing Rock and several supporting Native American tribes, as well as activists including filmmaker and actor Mark Ruffalo and actress Shailene Woodley, who was among 27 people arrested in October during what she described as a peaceful protest . Woodley’s arrest was streamed live to tens of thousands of viewers on her Facebook page. Filmmaker Deia Schlosberg and journalist Amy Goodman were also arrested while covering the protests.
Have there been other clashes? Yes. In late October, violence broke out when a group of protesters tried to create a second camp. According to the Washington Post, “hundreds of law enforcement officers in riot gear used pepper spray, rubber bullets and high-pitched noise cannons to disperse the activists who refused to leave, arresting 141 people in the process.” Some protesters “set fires and threw rocks and Molotov cocktails at authorities, and at least one protester fired a gun,” police said. Similar clashes have been reported in recent weeks, including the one that occurred Sunday, but most of the demonstrations have been peaceful.
View photos
Actress Shailene Woodley after her arrest in North Dakota last month. (Photo: Handout via Reuters) More In August, a group of Standing Rock youth traveled to Washington, D.C., to deliver a Change.org petition opposing the pipeline to President Obama and to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The petition now has more than 400,000 signatures.
Where does Obama stand? In July, the Standing Rock tribe filed an injunction against the Army Corps of Engineers to stop building on the pipeline. But in September, a federal judge denied the request, and the Obama administration intervened.
The Army Corps “will move expeditiously to make this determination, as everyone involved — including the pipeline company and its workers — deserves a clear and timely resolution,” the Department of Justice, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Department of the Interior said in a joint statement that month. “In the interim, we request that the pipeline company voluntarily pause all construction activity within 20 miles east or west of Lake Oahe.”
Earlier this month, President Obama said his administration was considering ways to “reroute” the pipeline .
“My view is that there is a way for us to accommodate sacred lands of Native Americans,” Obama said in an interview with NowThis. “We’re going to let it play out for several more weeks and determine whether or not this can be resolved in a way that I think is properly attentive to the traditions of First Americans.”
What’s next? On Nov. 15, the Army Corps of Engineers formally announced it had again delayed construction on the pipeline to hold further “discussion and analysis” with Standing Rock Sioux tribe. But the companies behind the pipeline slammed the decision as “lacking legal or factual justification,” and have asked a federal court to allow them to complete the project.
Until then, the protests will likely continue.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
127345,"You’re going to freak out over Apple’s Black Friday deals Sarah Terry More Black Friday is here, and we are so excited for all the savings it brings. Black Friday is a notoriously awesome day to find deals on tech and electronics, and this year is no different. Apple announced its Black Friday sales , and the deals will blow your mind. With many purchases made from Apple today , from their ever-popular iPhone or iPad to the Apple Watch, you get an Apple gift card with purchase. That means you can get a deal on the accessories that you will inevitably want to buy for your new awesome tech device. And we are super excited about that. Apple offers a $150 gift card with the purchase of a Mac computer. More Whether you’re a desktop or a laptop person, today is a great time to buy a new computer for work or school. Think of what you can buy with that extra gift card money. You could nab a Bluetooth keyboard, a Bluetooth mouse, or an awesome laptop case! You get a $100 gift card with the purchase of an iPad. More As if we needed a better reason to buy a new iPad! That’s a fabulous deal, and it’s good for any of their tablets, including the iPad Mini. With a gift card like that, you could buy the official iPad case, or even a Bluetooth keyboard to make typing on your tablet a breeze. Apple offers a $50 gift card with the purchase of an iPhone 6. More We know that there’s bad news for this deal, because it doesn’t cover the new iPhone 7, which is a bummer. But if you need a new phone, the iPhone 6 is still a great option. This deal is pretty sweet. Even better, we can use the extra gift card to buy some awesome over-the-ear headphones. Or maybe invest in a small fitness wearable to track your steps! And finally, Apple offers a $25 gift card with the purchase of an Apple Watch. More We’ve been admiring the Apple Watch from a far for quite some time. Apple’s Black Friday deal might be the perfect reason to pull the trigger and finally buy one. And with that $25 gift card, getting a second band with your watch for some fashionable variety will only cost $24. Pretty sweet deal. These Apple deals are so awesome, our heads are kind of exploding right now. BRB we’ve got a lot of Apple electronics to buy!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
34270,"By John Davison FADILIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - For Saeed Yousef, being rid of Islamic State came at a high price. As Kurdish forces drove militants from his Iraqi village four weeks ago, an air strike by a U.S.-led coalition hit his brother's home, killing the brother and seven relatives, family and local officials say.
Only days later when the jihadists withdrew from Fadiliya, around 9 miles (15 km) northeast of Mosul, were the family able to dig the charred bodies from the rubble for burial.
The U.S.-led coalition supporting Iraqi forces battling Islamic State in Mosul is investigating and has not yet provided details, although it says it goes to great lengths to avoid civilian casualties. But Amer Yousef and his family are among increasing numbers caught in the crossfire of the campaign.
Piles of concrete, twisted steel rods and burnt metal bed frames are among what little remains of the family home. A car parked outside was overturned by the blast.
""There were three explosions in quick succession as we heard the sound of warplanes overhead,"" said Yousef, 59, who was at home a short distance away when the air strike hit.
""My neighbor, who saw it, shouted to me: 'That hit near your brother's house'.""
Yousef said he rushed to the scene but was stopped by Islamic State fighters. His other brother who lived next door to Amer felt the strike and saw the immediate aftermath, including two bodies. But he had to run back indoors as gunfire between Islamic State and Kurdish peshmerga fighters whizzed overhead.
The jihadists have used civilians as human shields as they withdraw into the city, putting non-combatants in the firing line and making it difficult for Iraqi forces to advance after quick initial gains last month.
Fadiliya was recaptured on Oct. 27 by the peshmerga, which are involved in the campaign, more than two years after Islamic State seized the village as it swept through the region.
Its residents kept their heads down under Islamic State rule, trying to avoid beatings or execution. Many were tortured and some disappeared, locals say.
The villagers are mostly Sunni Muslims, who form a majority in many parts of north and west Iraq, though Shi'ites are the majority in the country as a whole.
As elsewhere, the militants embedded themselves close to civilians. A blackened section of the olive groves near Amer Yousef's home shows where another air strike or mortar explosion hit.
""That was a Daesh (Islamic State) position,"" Younes Shabak, a local leader in a Kurdish political party, said.
Saeed Yousef does not know whether the air strike was a mistake, or if Islamic State fighters were suspected of sheltering in the house, but said his brother had nothing to do with the militants. He wants an investigation.
""Maybe the strike was an error while they were trying to hit Daesh, we don't know,"" he said.
'DEATH WILL REACH YOU'
""It was not a normal missile, the damage was huge. Three of the bodies were found 50 meters away from the house,"" Yousef said, suggesting the blast had thrown them there.
Shabak said it was not the first time villagers had been killed in attacks by the U.S.-led coalition, and that another air strike in April last year killed five people.
The U.S. coalition said it was investigating the Oct. 22 incident.
""The coalition takes all allegations of civilian casualties seriously ... extraordinary efforts are made by the coalition to identify and strike appropriate targets in order to avoid non-combatant casualties,"" it said via email.
It did not specify whether its warplanes had carried out strikes in that area on that date.
Since starting operations in 2014 until early November this year, the United States conducted more than 12,000 air strikes against Islamic State, according to U.S. military data, nearly 7,000 of them in Iraq and over 5,000 in Syria.
The Pentagon has said that 119 civilians have been killed in U.S. air strikes in Iraq and Syria since 2014.
Amnesty International said last month about 300 civilians have been killed in 11 coalition attacks in that time.
Airwars, a journalist-run project to monitor civilian casualties, estimates that the toll from ""coalition actions"" could be as high as over 1,800.
The figures do not appear to include the strike in Fadiliya.
Kurdish fighters helped remove rubble and the collapsed roof of Amer's house with a digger after Fadiliya was recaptured so that the bodies could be found, Yousef said.
Weeks later, life was returning to the rural village where the brothers work as olive farmers. Sheep blocked narrow streets and children played football on a dusty pitch.
Yousef was still mourning his older brother, but tried to be philosophical.
""Living under Daesh was like being a prison,"" he said. ""Peace and security benefit the village as a whole. If it were a stark choice between having Daesh oppression here or my brother still around, I'd rather have no oppression. But that decision was up to God.""
The fate of the Islamic State militants who brought destruction upon Fadiliya was also in God's hands, he said.
""Everyone dies,"" he said, and quoted a verse from the Koran: ""Wherever you are, death will reach you, even if you are in towers built up strong and high.""
(Editing by Patrick Markey and Dominic Evans)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
258768,"Donald Trump: Wall Will Have “Fence Segments,” 2-3 Million To Be Deported Or Jailed Quickly Lisa de Moraes Pin it Share The wall that launched Donald Trump ’s successful bid for the White House may have some “fence segments” the president-elect says in an interview airing tonight on CBS News’ 60 Minutes . “Are you really going to build a wall?” Lesley Stahl asked, noting “they are talking about a fence in the Republican Congress” and asking “would you accept a fence?” “For certain areas I would, but certain areas a wall is more appropriate. I’m very good at this. it’s called construction,” he explained. He also told Stahl he plans to deport or incarcerate criminals who are undocumented immigrants – he estimated they number between 2 and 3 million – after which they’ll look at the others and determine who stays and who goes: “What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million, we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate. We’re getting them out of our country, they’re here illegally. After the border is secure, and after everything gets normalized, we’re going to make a determination on the people that they’re talking about who are terrific people, they’re terrific people but we are going make a determination at that.” Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
307362,"(Facebook CEO Mark ZuckerbergThomson Reuters) 
Since Donald Trump's stunning election victory, some people have been very quick to blame Facebook — specifically, the proliferation of fake news on the social network that President Obama called a "" dust cloud of nonsense "" — for swinging the vote against Hillary Clinton. Mark Zuckerberg thinks otherwise.
""Personally, I think the idea that fake news on Facebook, it's a very small amount of the content, influenced the election in any way is a pretty crazy idea,"" Zuckerberg says speaking on stage at the Techonomy conference .
In fact, he says, if you believe that fake news spread by Facebook had a major impact on the election, it betrays a ""profound lack of empathy,"" showing that you don't take Trump supporters and their stances seriously.
""If you believe that, then I don't think you've internalized the message that Trump supporters are trying to send,"" Zuckerberg says, though he didn't get the chance to elaborate on this point.
For more news videos visit Yahoo View , available now on iOS . 
He also says that while Clinton supporters are concerned about fake news that supports the worldview of Trump supporters, it ignores the idea that there's an equal amount of false stories the other way.
""Why would you think that there'd be fake news on one side and not the other?"" Zuckerberg asks.
'I think people are smart' In general, Zuckerberg says, it's always smart to bet that people can separate truth from lies for themselves, and that they know what issues matter to them, even as ""we do our best"" to remove hoaxes as they pop up.
And, in response to the idea of a ""filter bubble,"" or the concept that Facebook's News Feed insulates its users from articles and stories representing dissenting viewpoints, Zuckerberg says that those articles do indeed appear, ""you just don't click on it, you just tune it out when you see it.""
Instead, it's simply that people are good at recognizing what matters to them, and better than people give them credit for at navigating conflicting sources of information.
View photos 
donald trump More (President-Elect Donald TrumpJoe Raedle/Getty Images) 

""I think people are smart, and that people understand what is important to them,"" Zuckerberg says.
Overall, Zuckerberg — who made it clear that he wasn't a huge fan of President-elect Trump in the months leading up to the election — struck an optimistic and conciliatory tone.
He says that stuff like building virtual reality, artificial intelligence, and working at scientific breakthroughs will still go on within Facebook and outside of it, regardless of who's at the helm of the government.
""Well, we have a lot of work to do, but that would have been true either way,"" Zuckerberg says. ""It would not be right to suggest that it changes the fundamental arc of technology and progress over time."" 
NOW WATCH: Obama gives Trump advice during their first White House meeting 

More From Business Insider 
Facebook has vowed to do more to stop spreading misinformation Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook execs are speaking out about Trump's victory — and they don't sound happy Here's what a Trump presidency means for mobile apps and platforms",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
51417,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru rolled out the red carpet and heaped praise on Chinese President Xi Jinping on Monday in a celebration of tightening ties with the Asian powerhouse in the wake of Donald Trump's surprise U.S. presidential victory. China surpassed the United States as Peru's top trade partner years ago, and Peru's centrist President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has courted fresh Chinese investments since taking office in July, visiting China before any other country.
Trump's election in the United States has added urgency to Peru and China's deepening diplomacy, with his criticism of Chinese trade and Latin American migrants raising questions over the future of the U.S. role in the fast-growing Asia Pacific region.
Xi's official visit extended the welcome he received at the APEC summit that Peru hosted through Sunday, where he promised to further open China's economy amid concerns of protectionism.
Peru, on track to become the world's second-biggest copper producer this year thanks to a new Chinese mine, is one of the world's most open economies.
""Peru was the first Latin American country to sign a comprehensive free trade agreement with China. It's leading the region on cooperation with China,"" Xi said through an interpreter in a speech before Peru's Congress.
Greeted in Lima by women who sang a welcome song in Mandarin, Xi signed a series of pacts with Kuczynski that included plans to promote Chinese mining projects, including one derailed by deadly protests in 2009.
Kuczynski, stressing the importance of cultural ties, said a local museum should explore Peruvians' possible roots in Asian migration across Bering Strait.
""It's vital to know where you're from so know where you're going,"" Kuczynski said as he and Xi stood before a backdrop that blended photos of Peru's Machu Picchu Incan ruins with the Great Wall of China.
Kuczynski joked in June that he would sever ties with the United States if Trump won the election and said this month that he would oppose the proposed wall for the U.S.-Mexico border in the United Nations.
A former Wall Street banker, Kuczynski hopes to diversify Peru's exports to China away from copper. On Monday his government announced Peru's first shipment of agricultural products to China by plane.
But not all Peruvians are keen on China. A leftist congressional bloc opted out of an award ceremony for Xi, saying Chinese companies put profits before workers, communities and the environment.
(Reporting By Mitra Taj; Editing by Richard Pullin)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
118044,"Kim Kardashian has been by Kanye’s side in the hospital, and we’re not surprised Kenya Foy Pin it Share More In news that shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone, Kim Kardashian has been by Kanye’s side in the hospital ever since the rapper was admitted to the hospital for exhaustion shortly after canceling the rest of his Saint Pablo Tour . US Weekly reports that a source who is close to West says his wife has been a constant presence while he recovers at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles. “Kim has been amazing,” the source told Us Weekly . “She knew he couldn’t keep going the way he was. She has been by his side through all of this, helping to feed him and laying by his side.” Obviously, it’s been a rough few months for the couple, with Kardashian still trying to recover from the horrifying robbery in Paris in October that prompted her to take a break from public appearances and filming Keeping Up with the Kardashians . Reportedly, the 36-year-old reality star also spent Thanksgiving with West at the hospital , only leaving to spend a little time to attend her family’s holiday gathering at Kylie Jenner’s home. “Kim wouldn’t leave his side except to see the kids,” the source said of Kardashian and West’s children, North and Saint. “She’s been at the hospital all the time. Kim has been keeping a very close watch on him and not letting people disturb him. All kinds of people have called and sent flowers, but she’s being very careful about not letting him get wound up and making sure he rests and recovers.” More Back in April, West shared the secret of his marriage to Kardashian with Vanity Fair , telling the mag, “One of the keys to happiness in our marriage is we’re allowed to be ourselves.” Based on the way West openly gushes over his wife and kids , we’d say that mutual support seems to also play a major role in their relationship. Hopefully, having his wife’s nonstop encouragement will help West get back to a healthy place as soon as possible.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
31240,"SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korean prosecutors said Sunday that they believe President Park Geun-hye conspired in criminal activities of a confidante who allegedly exploited her presidential ties to amass an illicit fortune — a damning revelation that may convince opposition parties to push for Park's impeachment. Prosecutors want to interrogate Park in person, but presidential spokesman Jung Youn-kuk, who said the investigation resembled a ""character assassin"" on Park, strongly hinted that the president would continue to refuse their questioning.
Prosecutors on Sunday formally charged the confidante, Park's longtime friend Choi Soon-sil, on suspicion of interfering with state affairs and bullying companies into giving tens of millions of dollars to foundations and businesses she controlled.
In a televised news conference, Lee Young-ryeol, chief prosecutor of the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office, said that based on the evidence, ""the president was collusively involved in a considerable part of the criminal activities by suspects Choi Soon-sil, Ahn Jong-beom and Jung Ho-sung."" He was referring to two presidential aides who also were formally charged Sunday for allegedly helping Choi.
""However, because of the president's impunity from prosecution stated in Article 84 of the constitution, we cannot indict the president,"" Lee said. ""The special investigation headquarters will continue to push for an investigation of the president based on this judgment.""
Jung, the presidential spokesman, said details announced by Lee were ""entirely untrue, and are just a tower built on sand, based on imagination and guesswork and ignorance of objective facts.""
""We do not think that the prosecution's investigation so far has been fair and politically neutral,"" he said.
Jung said that the president plans to prove her innocence by ""actively cooperating"" with an independent investigation pushed by a special prosecutor. Park has immunity, but can be investigated.
The country's largest opposition party, the Minjoo, issued a statement Sunday calling for Park to immediately resign, saying that a ""criminal suspect"" should not be allowed to lead the country.
Park is facing growing calls to resign over a scandal that critics say has undermined the country's democracy. Although emboldened by a wave of mass protests, opposition parties have so far refrained from seriously pushing for Park's impeachment over fears of triggering a backlash from conservative voters and negatively impacting next year's presidential election.
However, there are growing voices within the opposition saying that an impeachment attempt is inevitable because it's unlikely Park will resign and give up her immunity.
On Sunday, eight prominent leaders of the three parliamentary opposition parties gathered before issuing a joint statement calling for their parties to begin discussions on an impeachment push.
Ahn Jong-beom, Park's former senior secretary for policy coordination, was charged with abuse of authority, coercion and attempted coercion over allegations that he pressured companies into making large donations to foundations and companies Choi controlled.
Jung Ho-sung, the other former aide who was indicted, was accused of passing on classified presidential documents to Choi, including information on ministerial candidates.
According to Lee, Choi and Ahn conspired to pressure companies into giving a combined 77.4 billion won ($65.5 million) to the Mir and K-Sports foundations, two nonprofits that were under Choi's control. The companies couldn't refuse because they feared doing so would result in business disadvantages, such as difficulties in gaining government approval for projects or being targeted in tax investigations, Lee said.
Additionally, Choi and Ahn pressured the Lotte Group into giving 7 billion won ($5.9 million) to the K-Sports foundation to finance the construction of a sports facility in the city of Hanam, which was to be operated by The Blue K, a company established by Choi, Lee said. The money was later returned.
Auto giant Hyundai and telecommunications company KT were forced to contract 13 billion won ($11 million) worth of their advertisements to Playground, an ad agency virtually run by Choi, Lee said. Hyundai was also forced to buy 1.1 billion won ($931,000) worth of supplies from an auto parts maker run by Choi's friend. Ahn and Choi also tried but failed to take over the shares of an advertisement company previously owned by steelmaker POSCO, Lee said.
Prosecutors are also seeking to indict Cha Eun-taek, a famous music video director who allegedly used his close relationship with Choi to win lucrative government culture projects, and former vice sports minister Kim Chong, suspected of providing business favors to sports organizations controlled by Choi.
Kim is also under suspicion of influencing the ministry's decision to financially support a sports foundation run by Choi's niece, who prosecutors detained on Friday.
Park, the daughter of slain military dictator Park Chung-hee, first met Choi in the 1970s, around the time Park was acting as first lady after her mother was killed during a 1974 assassination attempt on her father. Choi's father, a shadowy figure named Choi Tae-min who was a Buddhist monk, a religious cult leader and a Christian pastor at different times, emerged as the younger Park's mentor.
The Choi clan has long been suspected of building a fortune by using their connections with Park to extort companies and government organizations. Choi's ex-husband is also a former close aide of Park's.
Park's term lasts until Feb. 24, 2018. If she steps down before the presidential vote on Dec. 20, 2017, an election must be held within 60 days.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
211016,"Leonard Cohen, ‘Hallelujah’ Singer and Songwriter, Dies at 82 More Lenoard Cohen, singer and songwriter best known for the anthem “Hallelujah,” has died at the age of 82. “It is with profound sorrow we report that legendary poet, songwriter and artist, Leonard Cohen has passed away,” the musician’s Facebook revealed Thursday . “We have lost one of music’s most revered and prolific visionaries.” The Canadian native has been inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame, Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Also Read: Review: Leonard Cohen Has Some New 'Old Ideas' -- Hallelujah! Cohen was born in Quebec in 1934 and moved to New York City in 1967 to immerse himself in the growing folk music scene there, alongside artists like Bob Dylan, Paul Simon and Joni Mitchell. His first album “Songs of Leonard Cohen” was released in 1967. In 1984 Cohen released the album “Various Positions,” which contained what would become his most famous song, “Hallelujah.” The song gained popularity throughout the years, especially after it was covered by musician Jeff Buckley. The song has since been recorded by over 200 artists and became especially popular after it was used in 9/11 memorial tributes. The musician released music all the way until the end, putting out his 14th and final album “You Want It Darker” on October 21, just a few weeks before his death. Cohen gave his final interview recently to the New Yorker , in which he said, “I am ready to die. I hope it’s not too uncomfortable. That’s about it for me.” A memorial service will take place in Los Angeles at a later date, according to Facebook. Related stories from TheWrap:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
321419,"ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan's order for 400 Turkish nationals to leave the country within 72 hours is being challenged in court. The Turkish nationals include staff at the Pak-Turk International school chain and their family members. Ankara has accused the school of links with the movement of U.S.-based dissident cleric Fethullah Gulen, which Pak-Turk denies.
School officials say the petition is being heard in court on Thursday. They spoke on condition of anonymity fearing for their security when they return to Turkey.
The move comes as Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is visiting Pakistan. Erdogan has accused Gulen supporters of staging a failed July 15 coup.
Pakistani police officer Adnan Naseer says hundreds of Pak-Turk students have blocked the main road in the eastern city of Lahore to protest the expulsion orders.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
217347,"Beyoncé Surprises Crowd as She and Jay Z Campaign For Hillary Clinton at Get-Out-The-Vote Concert in Cleveland Jennifer Drysdale View photos Queen Bey is definitely with her. The 35-year-old singer shocked the crowd with a surprise performance at the Get-Out-the-Vote concert in support of Hillary Clinton in Cleveland, Ohio on Friday night. — BEYONCÉ LEGION (@Bey_Legion) November 5, 2016 ""I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our country and know that her possibilities are limitless,"" the GRAMMY winner told the crowd. ""There was a time when a woman's opinion did not matter… less than 100 years ago, women did not have the right to vote. Look how far we've come from having no voice to being on the brink of history by electing the first woman president,"" Bey said. ""But we have to vote. The world looks to us as a progressive country that needs change."" RELATED: Adele Endorses Hillary Clinton as Presidential Candidate Makes Surprise Appearance at Her Concert In accordance with the night's theme of girl power, Beyoncé performed ""Run the World (Girls)"" before closing with Clinton's famous 1992 ""baked cookies"" line. ""I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas, but what I decided to do was to fulfill my profession,"" Clinton's quote read on the giant screen. Beyonce performs ""Who run the world"" and closes with Clinton's quote about how she ""could have stayed home and baked cookies."" pic.twitter.com/LYPtRf7KRS MORE: Jay Z Supports Hillary Clinton With Free Concert in Cleveland The Democratic nominee herself took the stage at the end of Bey's performance to thank the singer for her support. ""I want to thank Beyoncé for standing up and showing the world we are strongest when we look out for each other,"" she said. — BEYONCÉ LEGION (@Bey_Legion) November 5, 2016 Clinton also took to Instagram to share an adorable snap of herself with Beyoncé and Jay Z from before the big show, which saw performances by both Mr. and Mrs. Carter. ""Beyoncé & Jay Z & Hillary & You?,"" the pic's caption read. RELATED: Emma Watson Pens Essay on 'Excruciating' U.S. Election, Encourages Women to Use Their 'Real Power' to Vote Bey and Jay are just the latest in a string of A-list Hillary supporters. The presidential candidate has also garnered support from singers like Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony, Adele, Miley Cyrus, and Katy Perry -- who even dressed up as Hillary for Halloween. See more in the video below. Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
289726,"The Gilmore Girls Revival Is Everything I Wanted It to Be (and So Much More) Michael Ausiello And that’s pretty much my sole criticism of Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life . I’ve seen all four 90-minute episodes of Netflix’s revival (which begins streaming on Friday, Nov. 25) and I’m here to assure you — one Gilmore acolyte to another — that it delivers. Holy hell , does it ever deliver. VIDEOS Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel Contemplate a Second Gilmore Revival Save for the aforementioned, somewhat bloated Stars Hollow: The Musical interlude in the third chapter, “Summer,” series creator Amy Sherman-Palladino and executive producer Daniel Palladino have given this grateful, longtime fan the satisfying conclusion he’s been waiting nearly a decade for. I’m sure you’re thinking: “Well, of course you’re going to say that. Not only are you in the thing , but you have the entire cast and crew on speed dial!” And to that I say, “You’re wrong. I do not have Sally Struthers’ telephone number.” (But I have a pending Facebook friend request I feel really good about.) But I get why one might call my journalistic objectivity into question. It’s one of the reasons I assigned TVLine’s formal revival review to my colleague Dave Nemetz. (Look for that later today.) Here’s the thing: I went into A Year in the Life with tempered expectations. After being burned by a number of recent revivals that should’ve been slam-dunks ( The X-Files , Arrested Development ), I was ready to have my heart shattered. And if that happened, I would find a way to break the news to you gently. But it didn’t. My expectations were wildly exceeded. And I believe yours will be, too. If it’s mildly spoilery, semi-specifics you’re looking for, activate the gallery above — or click here for direct access — to read my breakdown of the 10 ways Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life delivered the proverbial goods.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
251012,"WOODRUFF, S.C. (AP) — As he built a successful real estate firm, Todd Kohlhepp's behavior struck some as odd: watching pornographic videos during work, making macabre jokes in marketing literature and openly discussing that he was a sex offender. But he was also an award-winning agent described as a hard worker and good boss.
All the while, authorities say, he was hiding a grisly secret that included seven killings over 13 years. He gunned down four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003 and within the last year killed three more, authorities said. The crimes were uncovered earlier this month when investigators rescued a woman chained up in a 30-foot long storage container on his property.
""He was the kind of Type Double A, hair-on-fire kind of guy. ... You felt that if he wanted to take you out, he could take you out easily,"" said Lawrence Shorts, a mortgage banker who worked on transactions with Kohlhepp.
Kohlhepp made ominous comments about having trouble sleeping and how he would ""know where people live,"" Shorts said. A neighbor, Scott Waldrop, said Kohlhepp bragged about chasing people off his rural property with an arsenal including guns with silencers and night-vision equipment.
Kohlhepp moved to South Carolina sometime after the 2001 completion of his 15-year prison sentence for raping another teenager at gunpoint in Arizona. He was in his early 30s and began studying at Greenville Technical College in 2003. While attending classes that November, he killed four employees at the Superbike Motorsports store in Chesnee, authorities said.
Those slayings went unsolved for 13 years. When Kohlhepp was arrested last week, the sheriff said he confessed to the bike-shop shootings and pointed investigators to three shallow graves on his land.
Detectives notifying victims' families of Kohlhepp's confession said he was an angry customer at the shop. Motives aren't clear for the more recent killings and the woman's kidnapping.
In 2004, Kohlhepp transferred to the University of South Carolina-Upstate and ranked near the top of his class the next year, said college spokeswoman Tammy Whaley. He finished his business degree in 2007, then distinguished himself in real estate. A 2008 news article said he was Weichert Realtors' top-selling rookie agent for a region spanning parts of both Carolinas.
Next, he went into business for himself, registering Todd Kohlhepp & Associates in 2009. The firm's website listed over a dozen agents, but also an unusual sales pitch. Describing the team that developed the firm's marketing, it said ""we threatened not to feed them if it didn't work. It's amazing the motivation you can get after day three!""
Still, Kohlhepp developed a hard-working reputation.
""Todd did his job well and we never had any issues or saw any flags in the years we worked with him,"" Velocity Design Group owner Danielle Cuddie said in an email.
An agent at Kohlhepp's firm, Cherry Laurens, said they met a decade ago and were study partners at USC-Upstate. She said the accusations surprised her.
""Everybody loses their temper, but as far as out of character for what would be normal? No,"" she said.
Shorts, the banker, said Kohlhepp appeared successful, driving expensive cars. Records show he owned two BMWs and a motorcycle.
Kohlhepp worked from home, and Shorts came over occasionally to exchange documents.
""You used to walk in his office, and he had porno going on,"" he said. ""I can remember walking in there two or three times, and there was pornography on his dad-gummed laptop. Realtors would walk in, and he had it on there too.""
Shorts distanced himself in recent years, saying Kohlhepp would make statements such as: ""'You know I don't sleep much at night and get up at 3 o'clock in the morning, and I kind of know where people live.'""
Kohlhepp appeared to be a loner. His neighborhood was close-knit, but neighbors said he never attended its occasional get-togethers.
Kohlhepp's sex-offender status was common knowledge, though Kohlhepp claimed the charges were trumped up after a joyride with another teenager upset her father, acquaintances said.
But authorities described something far worse: Kohlhepp was 15 when he tied up a 14-year-old at gunpoint and raped her in Arizona in 1986. Court documents say he pleaded guilty to kidnapping and was sentenced in adult court.
Kohlhepp had psychological problems from a young age, according to records obtained by WHNS-TV in South Carolina.
An Arizona judge wrote in 1987 that he was bright but ""emotionally dangerous"" and preoccupied with sex. A 1987 presentencing report says a neighbor described Kohlhepp as a ""devil on a chain.""
He had moved in with his father in Arizona around age 12 after growing up in South Carolina and Georgia. His parents divorced when he was an infant.
Now his mother is defending him, telling CBS: ""Todd is not a monster.""
""He wasn't doing it for enjoyment,"" Regina Tague said of the South Carolina cases. ""He was doing it because he was mad and he was hurt.""
On Facebook, he frequently described trimming trees and moving boulders on the 95-acre property near Woodruff, about 10 miles from his primary home in Moore. In September, he wrote that buying land was a way to stay out of trouble: ""you won't have any time to misbehave no mo ... too sore and tired.""
But that sprawling property was where authorities said they rescued the chained woman and began unraveling the killings. Investigators say they unearthed three bodies there.
Authorities also confiscated assault rifles and handguns. It's not clear how Kohlhepp obtained them; South Carolina law prohibits violent felons from owning firearms.
Waldrop, the neighbor, met Kohlhepp soon after he bought the property in 2014. To keep people out, Kohlhepp installed deer cameras, bear traps and a chain-link fence.
""To me, he didn't seem like no threat,"" Waldrop said. ""We'd just shoot the bull. ... I didn't know all this stuff. Nobody knew.""
___
Drew reported from Raleigh, North Carolina.
___
Follow Drew at www.twitter.com/jonldrew and Adcox at www.twitter.com/seannaadcox_ap",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
217652,"This is why Hillary Clinton wore a purple suit to her concession speech Aly Horne More There seems to be never ending press coverage over Hillary Clinton’s pantsuits. This time, though, there was a message behind Hillary wearing purple during her concession speech , and it’s a truly important one. During this cycle, Hillary hasn’t veered away from her famous pantsuit and kitten heel lewk, and every suit she’s worn has been red, white, or blue. Totally expected, obviously, since those are the national colors, but that makes her wearing this grey and purple suit especially noticeable. The purple represents the blending of the two party’s colors, red and blue. Classy as ever, Hillary Clinton chose to use her concession speech to deliver a message of unity in every way she could. More Even Bill was wearing a purple tie. In an election that has been almost too contentious between the two sides to stand, we really love and needed this gesture. Of course, Hillary has been a public servant her entire life. While she might have been involved in some shady dealings or poor decisions during her long career, you can’t deny that this is a woman who genuinely loves this country. She’s devoted her lifetime to it, which is pretty much the most you could ask of anybody, so we didn’t expect her to come out trying to divide the country, naturally. More But it’s so easy to see how painful this was for her, and we really needed her to stand strong and help us start to heal during this difficult time, so we’re grateful to Hillary and her perfect purple pantsuit for doing so. She’s in so many ways the leader we all deserve.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
105732,"Pin it Share BERLIN (AP) — German police have arrested a Syrian man on suspicion he was planning to carry out an attack after discovering that he had obtained material which could be used to build weapons or bombs. Authorities say the suspect was arrested Saturday as he tried to cross the border from Germany to Denmark. Stuttgart prosecutors say the 20-year-old man, whose identity was not released, had been living in a refugee shelter in southwest Germany. Prosecutors said in a statement Thursday that there were no indications of a concrete threat. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
216072,"SEOUL, South Korea (AP) -- Tens of thousands of South Koreans are expected to march in Seoul to demand President Park Geun-hye's resignation on Saturday, a day after she took blame for a ""heartbreaking"" scandal and rising suspicion that she allowed a mysterious confidante to manipulate power from the shadows. Police expect around 40,000 people in what could be the largest anti-government rally in nearly a year while organizers say as many as 100,000 will turn out.
Dozens of police buses were parked in streets around City Hall and also a square in front of an old palace gate, which the police plan to close off to prevent protesters from marching toward the Blue House, the presidential office and residence.
Smaller protests have taken place daily in past weeks amid growing calls for Park to step down, although opposition parties have yet to make a serious push for her resignation or impeachment for fears of negatively impacting next year's presidential elections.
In Friday's televised apology, Park vowed to accept a direct investigation into her actions, but the opposition, sensing weakness, immediately threatened to push for her ouster if she doesn't distance herself from domestic affairs and focus on diplomacy, and accept a prime minster chosen by the parliament.
""I feel a huge responsibility (for the scandal) deep in my heart,"" Park said, her voice shaking. ""It is all my fault and mistake.""
Park's comments were rife with astonishing moments, and included a frank assessment of her relationship with the woman at the heart of the scandal, Choi Soon-sil, the daughter of a late cult leader and a longtime friend of Park's.
""I put too much faith in a personal relationship and didn't look carefully at what was happening,"" Park said. ""Sad thoughts trouble my sleep at night. I realize that whatever I do, it will be difficult to mend the hearts of the people, and then I feel a sense of shame and ask myself, 'Is this the reason I became president?'""
In another exceptional moment, Park denied media speculation that she had ""fallen into worshipping cult religions or that shamanistic rituals were held at the presidential Blue House.""
Her comments come at what may well prove to be the crucial moment of her presidency. Park is attempting to show the contrition and sense of responsibility that South Koreans demand while also trying to re-establish her tarnished credibility. She is in the fourth year of a single five-year term and faced criticism even before this scandal, particularly for the government's response to a 2014 ferry sinking that killed more than 300 people.
One national poll released earlier Friday had her approval rating at 5 percent, the lowest for any president in South Korea since the country achieved a democracy in the late 1980s following decadeslong dictatorships.
""Anyone found by the current investigation to have done something wrong must be held responsible for what they have done, and I am also ready to face any responsibility,"" Park said. ""If necessary, I'm determined to let prosecutors investigate me and accept an investigation by an independent counsel too.""
Last week Park surprised many when she acknowledged that she had relied on Choi for help editing presidential speeches and other undefined ""public relations"" issues.
Anger has exploded in the days since, with media reports claiming that the influence Choi went much deeper. There are reports that Choi reviewed and made recommendations on government policy papers and pushed businesses to donate millions of dollars to two foundations that she controlled. Other reports speculate Choi also helped choose presidential aides and even picked out Park's wardrobe.
Park has fired eight presidential secretaries and nominated three new Cabinet members, including the prime minister, but opposition parties described Park's personnel reshuffles as a diversionary tactic.
Soon after Park's speech, the main opposition Democratic Party said her apology lacks sincerity and issued a set of demands that it says Park must immediately accept if she doesn't want see rallies calling for the end of her government. The demands include Park withdrawing her prime minister nomination in favor of a new person recommended by the National Assembly for the country's No. 2 job; and accepting separate investigations by lawmakers and an independent counsel.
""The president now comes right into a dead end,"" party chief Choo Mi-ae said. Park ""must comply with what the people want.""
Park may survive what has become the worst patch of an already rocky term. But if she is forced to name a prime minister chosen by the opposition, it will hamstring her authority and may end her ability to govern.
Only Choi has been formally arrested in connection with the scandal. Prosecutors on Friday requested an arrest warrant for ex-Park aide, Ahn Jong-beom, for his alleged involvement in extracting $70 million in donations. On Wednesday night, prosecutors detained another ex-presidential aide, Jeong Ho-seong, for allegedly leaking confidential documents to Choi, and are reviewing whether to seek an arrest warrant for him, too.
Park said she couldn't talk about many specifics because of the investigation, but she was frank in her comments about Choi, who has been the subject of widespread rage.
Choi was ""a person who stood with me during the hardest moment in my life,"" Park said in her speech, apparently referring to the assassinations of Park's mother and later her father, the dictator Park Chung-hee. ""It's true that I lowered my guard and my sense of wariness"" of Choi.
___
Associated Press writer Kim Tong-hyung contributed to this report.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
310498,"This old video of the Spice Girls standing up to a sexist director is absolutely incredible Alim Kheraj Pin it Share More If there’s one thing that we took away from the ’90s it’s that Girl Power was well and truly alive. Obviously we’re talking about the Spice Girls. In fact, the band’s enduring power can still be felt today, as this clip of the Spice Girls taking down a sexist video director shows. This year has seen the Spice Girls celebrate exactly 20 years since they slayed our entire existence with “Wannabe” and their debut album Spice. We still marvel at the fact that the video for “Say You’ll Be There” is the one of the most important feminist manifestos dedicated to film. There was something so powerful growing up in the time of the Spice Girls that we’ll never forget. And still, 20 years later, their message of female solidarity and friendship is being shared around the world. Now this old video of the Spice Girls shutting down the director of a Polaroid advert they were filming is being shared on Twitter and it’s still so damn important. In the clip, the band can be seen questioning two men asking some pretty important questions. “Why did you ask that,” Mel B (aka Scary Spice) says, approaching the two men. “To have our cleavage and our midriff showing?” Responding to this, the director responds in a typically sexist way: “It’s every man’s fantasy,” he replies. Obviously, this was COMPLETELY the wrong thing to say to five strong, independent women. Having none of it, the band let their feelings about showing off more skin very, very known. “You’re a chauvinistic pig,” Geri Horner née Halliwell (aka Ginger Spice) says. “That’s such an easy cop-out.” The girls, who are dressed in school uniforms, then go on to explain that you wouldn’t “show your tits at school.” “I understand that in advertising you’re thinking sexy sexy,” Geri continues, “but have you not heard of less-is-more anyway? You should know better. What sort of example is that?” The director continues to argue that it’s for all the young men out there, which only aggravates the band more. So annoyed, they leave the video shoot. Watch the incredible video below. The Spice Girls dragging the makers of the Polaroid ad they were appearing in for trying to make them show their cleavage and midriff. pic.twitter.com/UBAvqIJ5Gq — I DON'T KNOW HER (@I_Dont_Know_Her) November 14, 2016 “Can you show a little cleavage and midriff and we say, ‘No! Girl Power!'” Now watch the commercial (which actually features very little of the Spice Girls or their “cleavage and midriffs”. Given that sexism in the entertainment industry and in general is still very much a problem, what with the gender wage gap and countless stories of inappropriate behavior in the workplace , stars like Mila Kunis are writing essays about how their awful experiences, taking a leaf out of the Spice Girls’ book. However, as the above video proves, Girl Power and the influence of the Spice Girls isn’t to be overlooked. In fact, in 2016 it feels like we could do with another injection with the power of the all things Spice. Now excuse us while we go and listen to nothing but the Spice Girls for the rest of 2016…",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
172868,"CHICAGO (AP) — Next year is here. At exactly 11:47 p.m. local time, the Chicago Cubs won the World Series that has eluded them for 108 years. Fans who packed bars to watch the games on television near Wrigley Field — neither of which existed back in 1908 — erupted in cheers before swarming onto the streets just before midnight Wednesday to celebrate in the shadows of the statues of Cubs greats Ernie Banks, Billy Williams, Ron Santo and legendary announcer Harry Caray.
As the game ended, the roar from inside the bars and the throng of fans on the street was deafening, before the crowds both inside and out sang ""go Cubs go"" at the top of their lungs.
As the celebration progressed, thousands of fans poured into the streets leading away from Wrigley, many of them singing ""We Are The Champions.""
Fans hugged each other, many of them crying. They took each other's picture and pictures of themselves, and took turns writing their names and words of congratulations in chalk on Wrigley's brick walls. Some got on friends' shoulders to find spots high up on the walls that were not yet covered with names of fans.
An hour after the game ended there were still thousands of people in the ballpark neighborhood, known as Wrigleyville, and there were still fireworks exploding every few minutes.
""This was torture,"" said Mike Delmanowski, a lifelong Cubs fan who flew to Chicago from California just to be surrounded by other Cubs fans. ""I would not have missed it for anything.
""I am so proud to be a part of it,"" said his wife, Sue, who was crying off and on from the fifth inning.
Mike Dillon said all he could think about was his father, who died without ever seeing what Dillon witnessed.
""I came here by myself, but I'm not alone at all,"" said Mike Dillon, 57, of Joliet.
Craig and April Likhite drove to Chicago from Evanston with their 10-year-old son, Cade, because they wanted to see history made with other fans as close to Wrigley Field as possible.
""To finally see this in my lifetime with my son here with us, it means everything,"" Craig Likhite said. ""This game with all the ups and downs showed him exactly what it is to be a Cubs fan.""
""My dad passed away this year. He would have loved this,"" said Likhite, 50.
Judy Pareti flew in from New York City to watch the game at Murphy's Bleachers, a neighborhood sports bar in a building where her grandfather lived and where his hot dog stand was located. ""My dad and grandfather owned it, and I was born here,"" she said. ""I would never want to be anywhere but here for this.""
Liz Wolfe, a 36-year-old physical therapist, said, ""People always said if the Cubs win the World Series it would be like hell freezing over. I'm still in shock. This is the most exciting thing in my life.""
Long-time Cubs fan Bob Newhart, who grew up in the Chicago area, tweeted his congratulations to the team. ""The billy goat is dead!! As I've said, from the beginning, I'm getting too old for this!,"" the 87-year-old comedian wrote, alluding to one of the oldest alleged curses on the team.
The 8-7 extra-inning victory over the Indians at Progressive Field in Cleveland came after the emptiness and bitterness of years past when the Cubs found spectacular and sometimes downright strange ways to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.
Every Cubs fan knows those stories, starting with the 1969 team loaded with Hall of Famers that amassed a 9 1/2-game lead in mid-August before they started losing game after game in such numbers that the Miracle Mets not only caught them but ended up winning the National League East by 8 games.
Then came 1984. After taking the first two games of the National League Divisional Series against the Padres at Wrigley, the Cubs needed just one win in San Diego to advance to the NLCS. They were swept in three games on the West Coast.
There were other playoff losses but none as painful as in 2003 when in a where-were-you-when-it-happened moment that Cubs fans still have trouble comprehending, Steve Bartman deflected a ball that seemed destined for Moises Alou's glove with the Cubs just five outs from reaching the World Series.
Fans watched in horror as the Cubs fell apart, and few who left the park that night believed the team would win game seven the next night. They didn't.
But that was all in the past as Cubs fans throughout Chicago celebrated into the early hours of Thursday.
___
This story has been corrected to state the final score was 8-7.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
267989,"InStyle November 12, 2016 There's nothing quite as transformative as a new hair shade, but if a salon appointment isn't on your schedule (or budget), a DIY hair dye can be a wallet-friendly solution with the same effect. However, there's many ways coloring your hair at home can go wrong real quick if you don't know all the proper tips needed to get the job done right. When it comes to choosing the actual color, it's all about your complexion, says Christine Thompson, color director and co-founder of N.Y.C.'s Spoke & Weal salon. If your skin has warm undertones, like yellow, gold, or red, you want to find a hair color with opposite, cooler undertones, like ash brown or black. Does your complexion have a hint of blue or green in it? A warm, rich copper or auburn will be flattering. Keep in mind that if you're looking to go lighter than sandy blonde, it's best to consult an in-salon pro. The high level of bleach in lightening dyes can cause breakage (hello, split ends). If you do wind up with a shade that makes you dread looking in the mirror, there are easy ways of troubleshooting--just wait a few days before picking up the dye again to prevent breakage from chemical-induced breakage. For colors that are too warm, try re-dyeing hair with an ashier version of the hue you applied originally. If you went too cool, warm things up with a golden-based dye. But, if your strands turn an unnatural color, like orange, the pro recommends heading to the salon because the color correction process may require multiple steps. As for the mess you've made around your hairline: since like attracts like, rub a small amount of dye over stained skin to break up the pigment that's settled in, then wipe it away with a damp cloth. But, next time remember to coat your hairline with petroleum jelly, which will act as a barrier for the dye. Whether you're looking for a temporary color fix or a new forever-shade, we've rounded up which dyes to choose, along with pro-tips on how to use them. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
29323,"The final round of the Chase for the Sprint Cup is Sunday afternoon at Homestead-Miami Speedway, with the 2016 title going to one of four drivers: Jimmie Johnson, Kyle Busch, Carl Edwards or Joey Logano. The top finisher among those four in Sunday's race on the 1.5-mile oval claims the championship, having advanced through qualifying rounds that trimmed the postseason field from 16.
Busch has been the best driver on the best NASCAR team the past three seasons and is in a great position to become just the 11th driver in series history to repeat as title-holder.
The race also marks the end of future Hall of Famer Tony Stewart's NASCAR Sprint Cup career.
The Camping World Trucks and Xfinity Series will also be in action at Homestead-Miami, determining their season champions in the Ford EcoBoost 200 and Ford EcoBoost 300, respectively.
Here's the full schedule of events listed below:
When is the Ford EcoBoost 400 Sprint Cup race? The Ford EcoBoost 400 Sprint Cup race will be run Sunday, Nov. 20, at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The track is in Homestead, Fla.
What time is the Ford EcoBoost 400 Sprint Cup race? The Ford EcoBoost 400 Sprint Cup race will start about 2:45 p.m. ET Sunday at Homestead-Miami Speedway. TV coverage begins at 2:30 p.m. on NBC.
What is the starting lineup for the Ford EcoBoost 400 at Homestead-Miami Speedway? The pole position and starting lineup will be determined in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Coors Light Pole Qualifying at 6:15 p.m. ET Friday on NBC Sports Network.
Who won last year's race at Homestead-Miami Speedway? Kyle Busch led 41 of 267 laps and won the 2015 Ford EcoBoost 400 to claim the 2015 Chase for the Sprint Cup.
What is the schedule of NASCAR events at Homestead-Miami? All times ET
FRIDAY
— NASCAR Camping World Trucks Series: Ford EcoBoost 200 at Homestead-Miami Speedway, 8 p.m. (FS1)
SATURDAY
— NASCAR Xfinity Series: Ford EcoBoost 300 at Homestead-Miami Speedway, 3:30 p.m. (NBCSN)
SUNDAY
— NASCAR Sprint Cup Series: Ford EcoBoost 400 at Homestead-Miami Speedway, 2:30 p.m. (NBC)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
323631,3 Fashion-Forward Ways to Rock a Mini Skirt for Fall Yahoo Style,www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
149901,"BANGKOK (AP) — Thailand's parliament on Tuesday named Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn as the new king, completing a formal step for the heir to take the throne following the death of his father last month. The Cabinet, following a 1924 law on succession, submitted Vajiralongkorn's name to the National Assembly after a brief meeting, where members formally acknowledged him as the new monarch.
""I want everyone to give their blessings to the new king,"" said National Assembly president Pornpetch Wichitcholchai. His statement was followed by a cheer of ""Long live the king"" by all assembly members.
Pornpetch said he would formally invite Vajiralongkorn to take the throne, the 10th in the Chakri dynasty, which was founded in 1782. He did not say when that would happen.
Vajiralongkorn's father, the much-revered Bhumibol Adulyadej, who took the throne in 1946, died on Oct. 13 at age 88 after many years of ill health. In 1972, Bhumibol had designated Vajiralongkorn — his second child and only son — to be his successor.
The 64-year-old Vajiralongkorn, with a less intense interest in state affairs and a reputation as a playboy, does not command the same level of respect as his hardworking father. He has gone through divorces with three women who have borne him seven children, and his love life is still gossiped about, though privately because of harsh laws that mandate a prison term of three to 15 years for anyone found guilty of insulting the monarchy.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said shortly after Bhumibol's death that the crown prince told him that he did not want to immediately assume the throne in order to allow time to mourn his father.
Prayuth's military government declared a full year of mourning for public offices, and most Thais have been somberly dressed in black or white since the king's death, while revelry has been discouraged.
Huge crowds have been paying respects to the king's remains at the Grand Palace in Bangkok. His body will be cremated in an elaborate ceremony that may take place a year or more after his death.
The official coronation of Vajiralongkorn will take place only after the cremation. Bhumibol's coronation was in 1950, four years after succeeding his brother King Ananda Mahidol, who died of gunshot wounds in unclear circumstances.
Although he attends the requisite royal ceremonies and in recent years filled in for his father for some ceremonial and diplomatic duties, Vajiralongkorn is generally a private figure.
The nightly royal news has frequently shown his three sisters carrying out official duties at home and abroad, while his activities are usually personal and unpublicized, outside of the occasional tabloid story in the country he is visiting. He has spent significant time in Germany, where he maintains several residences.
In 2015, however, he made two high-profile public appearances in Thailand, leading thousands of people in mass bicycling events to mark the birthdays of his mother and his father. Many saw the events as an attempt to boost his image as his succession to the throne loomed.
Efforts to prepare the prince for the throne began in earnest in his early teens. He was commissioned as an officer in the three branches of Thailand's armed forces, and by age 14 was sent to boarding school in England. He continued his studies at a school in Sydney in preparation for Australia's Royal Military College at Duntroon, which he entered in 1972 and graduated from in 1975, shortly after Thailand's neighbors Cambodia, Laos and South Vietnam fell to communist forces.
As rumors about his personal life and behavior circulated widely, palace elders tried to encourage Vajiralongkorn's enthusiasm for military duties with training stints abroad. A 1980 course of advanced military training in the United States whetted his appetite for flying, a passion carried on to this day, sometimes in the wide-bodied jets of national carrier Thai Airways.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
68025,"Woman's Day November 19, 2016 Close out holiday dinner with sweets that no one will be able to turn down. For more, check our delicious Christmas desserts , fun Christmas-themed cake pops , and delicious holiday cookies .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
144603,"The Final Five deserve another fashion Gold Medal for their stunning CMAs looks Sarah Terry More Last night at the Country Music Awards, stars took to the red carpet in fabulous gowns to celebrate country music’s finest. However, the most stunning of the night might be the Final Five, who rocked gorgeous gowns at the CMAs . The five enormously talented gymnasts who won all kinds of bling at the 2016 Olympic Games include Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas, Aly Raisman, Laurie Hernandez, and Madison Kocian. The Final Five have been spending a lot of time together from touring with the Kellogg’s Tour to making TV appearances . And honestly, we can’t get enough of their fabulousness . At the CMAs, the Final Five were worthy of another Gold Medal for fashion in their stunning gowns. We love the dramatic flow and fall of the skirt. And Gabby’s easy waves are the perfect compliment to the fun look. Simone Biles looks like a silver goddess in her sparkling column dress. The simple silhouette keeps all the focus on the stunning details of the bling, and we are all about that. Dancing with the Stars phenom Laurie Hernandez looks so grown up in this lacy shift. More Read More She’s only 16, but she has the fashion sense of a fabulous lady already. The deep red with its peek-a-boos of sheer black is such a sophisticated choice, and we dig it. Aly Raisman hints at her love of bodysuits with this sheer pink dream. More The only opaque part of the dress is the bodysuit in the middle, which totally reminds us of the bedazzled leotards that the gymnasts wear. And the dreamy, sheer sparkly pink fabric of the skirt and sleeves make Aly look like an ethereal being. And last, but certainly not least, Madison Kocian looked like a mermaid on land in this beautiful teal dress.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
58889,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Human rights group Amnesty International said on Friday it could start working again from its Moscow office after the city authorities, who earlier this month evicted the group, made a U-turn and agreed to a new lease. ""Amnesty Moscow office opened and a new lease signed today,"" Amnesty's Europe director John Dalhuisen wrote on social media. ""Back to work.""
Amnesty staff had turned up at their office in central Moscow on Nov. 2 to find the locks had been changed and the power cut off. The Moscow city government, from which Amnesty leases the premises, said it was owed rent.
Amnesty said payments were up to date. The group has been a vocal critic of Russia over its bombing campaign in Syria and had said it believed the eviction might be part of an official crackdown on civil society groups.
The Moscow city government agreed to talks with Amnesty soon after the issue was raised by a Russian human rights representative at a meeting with President Vladimir Putin.
(Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Andrew Osborn)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
29378,"KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan arrested four opposition leaders on Wednesday including veteran politician Sadiq Youssef as part of a crackdown on protests, the country's opposition coalition said. Khartoum has seen a series of small but rare protests over the past week amid rising prices and government austerity measures that have included price hikes on electricity and fuel as well as import restrictions.
Sudan's economy has struggled since South Sudan seceded in 2011, taking with it three-quarters of the country's oil output, a key source of foreign currency and government revenue.
Youssef, one of the country's most recognizable politicians, is a leader of the National Consensus Forces, a political coalition that opposes Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir.
Bashir, who took power in a 1989 coup, is accused of masterminding genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes during Sudan's Darfur conflict. He is wanted by the Hague-based International Criminal Court, which issued a warrant for his arrest in 2009. He denies wrongdoing.
National Consensus Forces spokesman Mohammed Dia al-Din was also arrested, along with Manzar Abu al-Maali and Tareq Abdel Mageed from the opposition coalition.
(Reporting by Khalid Abdelaziz; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Alison Williams)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
79244,"LOS ANGELES (AP) — Shirley MacLaine is direct, funny and down-to-earth no matter how high-flying the topic may be, including the guardian angels and aliens she accepts as givens. In a recent interview, there's also no hint of the diva she easily could be, given her stardom of six decades and counting; five lead-actress Academy Award nominations; and an Oscar for what she cites as her favorite role, Aurora, in 1983's ""Terms of Endearment.""
She long ago traded the big city for New Mexico, but never abandoned acting. MacLaine plays an angel in ""A Heavenly Christmas,"" a Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie airing at 8 p.m. EST Saturday on the Hallmark Channel. In a big-screen film set for release next spring, ""The Last Word"" with Amanda Seyfried, she plays a strong-willed woman intent on crafting her own obituary.
That's a ""mentoring angel"" in the Hallmark project, MacLaine emphasizes, explaining that her character has much to share with a young workaholic (Kristin Davis) who's lost her way. Eric McCormack co-stars.
In a phone interview with The Associated Press, MacLaine, 82, said she's healthy, active and a devoted traveler. She shared her views on spirituality, ranch life and, only indirectly, presidential politics.
AP: You believe in angels?
MacLaine: Of course I do. Are you kidding? I believe in UFOs, I believe in extraterrestrials, and I believe in angels. And maybe they'll protect all of us.
AP: What have angels done for you?
MacLaine: We don't have time. I lost my dog of 17 years, Terry, and right now she's a little angel who's delivering nice things. ... It is incredible, when you start believing in angels your life becomes a lot smoother.
AP: Do you follow any organized religion?
MacLaine: No, just tolerance, organized tolerance. Organized patience, which I'm not too good at. Organized understanding of differences, which is really giving me problems now. Organized sense of humor.
AP: You've done TV but never a Hallmark movie. Why this one?
MacLaine: I just loved the idea. I thought playing an angel would be very good for my image. And they paid me a lot of celestial money, so what the hell. (Laughs.)
AP: Does your image need angelic burnishing?
MacLaine: Sometimes it does. I'm too direct and too unsparingly impatient. Usually I'm right, by the way — so never mind all the other.
AP: How do you spend your time in New Mexico?
MacLaine: I'm very involved with learning to be self-sufficient. I'm a city girl and I never really lived in the country, so I'm learning about that. I have a ranch here, at Abiquiu, where Georgia O'Keeffe used to paint, and I had to build it up to be self-sufficient because it's really off the grid.
AP: Do you have other animals?
MacLaine: Altogether about six dogs. And then I've got bear and elk and coyotes in my front yard. It's living with nature.
AP: And people company?
MacLaine: I have a great life, to tell you the truth. I have a lot of friends who come and stay, and we talk about the world. And of course I travel, (most recently) to Virginia, where I was honored at the University of Virginia and did two and a-half hours onstage answering questions from students. ... That was really fun.
AP: How does spirituality fit into the world now?
MacLaine: I think materialism has trumped a lot of stuff, but I don't think it has trumped the heart, especially when it comes to (a person's) last thought. It's not going to be about money. It's going to be about who am I, what have I done and where am I going. And of course that gets us into reincarnation, it gets us to are we alone in the universe. ... All of that stuff, which is infinitely interesting to me.
AP: You have no doubt when this life ends you will return?
MacLaine: I'm not sure I'll come back to this planet. I may come back to another one. (Laughs.)
___
Lynn Elber can be reached at lelber@ap.org and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/lynnelber.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
191671,"An African-American church in Greenville, Miss., went up in flames on Tuesday, adding to growing concerns about the possibility of violence on and around Election Day. The words ""Vote Trump,"" spray painted on the side of the Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church has led the local police to investigate the arson as a hate crime, said Police Chief Delando Wilson.
""We feel that the Quote: that was placed on the church was basically, it’s an intimidation of someone’s right to vote whatever way they choose to vote,"" said Chief Wilson in a news conference. ""So that would be definitely considered a hate crime.""
Recommended: Infographic Race equality in America: How far have we come?
The burning of churches, those of both black and white congregations, is not a phenomenon unique to this election cycle. But the Greenville attack comes less than a week before Americans cast their ballots in one of the most polarizing – and racially divisive – elections in the country's history.
The church is not the first building to go up in flames in the name of the 2016 presidential election: Last month, the Orange County Republican Party headquarters in Hillsborough, N.C., was firebombed , with an anti-GOP message referencing ""Nazi Republicans"" spray-painted on the wall.
The Greenville fire also comes at a time when racial tensions have been in the forefront of election rhetoric, and acts of blatant racism are on the rise, as Patrik Jonsson reported for The Christian Science Monitor in October:
The trend is partly a new age manifestation of age-old problems – in essence transferring what used to be anonymous wall scribbles to the center of the public square. Indeed, some are seeing the First Amendment right to free speech as an invitation to incite.
But in that way, social media – along with the racially charged nature of this year’s presidential election – are forcing the most entrenched forms of racism to the surface in new ways. While shocking to some to hear, the outbursts give a more accurate portrayal of how much further America needs to go to heal race relations – and can sometimes be a catalyst to accelerate that progress, some say.
In the police news conference, Wilson said it was unclear whether the crime was racially motivated. As of Wednesday, a ""person of interest"" was being interviewed by the authorities.
There appeared to be some disagreement as to whether the arson was politically motivated as well, as Mississippi Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann said Wednesday that ""the initial work here indicates this is not of a political nature , even though there may be something that says 'vote Trump' on the side of the church. So everybody needs to calm down here until we get to the bottom of this.""
Local authorities said Mr. Hosemann and his staff had not been in touch with them or involved in the investigation.
The mayor of Greenville, which is about 20 percent white and 78 percent black, told The Washington Post that the city had not experienced a noticeable change in race relations in correlation with the election. Every fifth Sunday, he said, white and black people gathered together at Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church to pray together.
""I talked to folks who were fearful,"" Mayor Errick Simmons said. ""I talked to people who were intimidated. I talked to people who, quite frankly, were saddened and crying last night. This should not happen in 2016. It happened in the ’50s. It happened in the ’60s. But we’re in 2016.""
Related stories
Infographic Race equality in America: How far have we come? The Politics of US: Bridging divides How early voting has become so politicized this election (+video) Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
Become a Facebook fan! Follow us on Twitter! Follow us on Google+ Link up with us! Subscribe to our RSS feeds!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
194020,"InStyle November 5, 2016 Admit it: You took one look at North West 's toddler style and thought, ""Wow this 3-year-old dresses way better than I do."" Never fear, Kim Kardashian West 's official website just gave us four more looks to help us upgrade our closet to Nori status. ""I'm trying to cop Nori's style and you should too,"" Kardashian West wrote on her website . ""North legit has better style than any adult I know, LOL,"" she added. ""She's the coolest and she actually really loves to get dressed up. It's so cute!"" Kardashian West loves sharing photos of North trying on her clothes, specifically that amazing Instagram of little Nori in her mom's metallic Balenciaga over-the-knee boots. Back in August, the mom-of-two took to Twitter to discuss North's fashionista status: ""She designed her own dress today in her dad's office & is picking out fabrics tomorrow! She loves fashion!!!"" She also previously revealed on her app and website that, ""North has a really strong sense of personal style already, lol. Sometimes she just refuses to take off her fairy princess costume, even when we are about to walk out the door. But I actually love that she wants to pick out her own outfits, and I support her choices!"" VIDEO: North West's Cutest Instagram Moments 4941572708001 Scroll down below to shop some of North's most iconic pieces of clothing--in adult sizes, of course. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
101859,"Black Friday is simultaneously the best and the worst shopping event of the year. It’s the best because, well, it offers insanely deep discounts on just about anything you can think of. Duh. But it’s also the worst because every single retailer in the country has sales going, so you never really know if you’re getting the best products at the best prices. Following along with BGR’s Black Friday coverage is a good way to make sure you see the best of what retailers have to offer this year, but there’s another tool at your disposal while you try to make heads or tails of the busiest sale season of the year: Amazon’s electronics holiday gift guide . DEAL ALERT: The best Black Friday sale of the year is happening right now! 
Amazon’s electronics holiday gift guide is split up into very logical sections in order to make it as easy as possible to find the perfect presents for each of your friends and loved ones.
You’ve got standard sections like computers , home entertainment , photography , gaming and music . Then you’ve also got a few special sections like “ under $100 ,” where you’ll find gifts from a wide range of categories that all cost less than $100, and “ new releases ,” where you’ll be able to browse through all sorts of brand new products. One of our favorite sections is “ gadgets and gizmos ,” which is packed full of all sorts of nifty… you guessed it… gadgets and gizmos.
Definitely keep your eye on BGR for continuing Black Friday sale coverage, but Amazon’s electronics holiday gift guide is also a tremendously useful tool.
Trending right now: 
You don’t have to be a T-Mobile customer to get its best Black Friday deal Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade will be livestreamed in 360-degree video Looking for a NES Classic deal over Thanksgiving? Don’t. See the original version of this article on BGR.com",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
178209,"Who are the highest paid women in music? Alim Kheraj More With the gender pay gap still blighting literally almost every job around, we think it’s important to celebrate when women slay their particular industry. That’s why we were so psyched to learn of Forbes ‘ highest paid females in music. While 2016 hasn’t necessarily been smooth sailing for anyone (and rocky waters could still be ahead… ), this confusing and tumultuous year has shown us one thing: women in pop music absolutely S-L-A-Y. From Rihanna to Beyoncé; and Barbra Streisand to Britney Spears, some of the year’s best new music has been produced by women and that’s totally and utterly awesome. So who are the highest paid women in music? The list, published by Forbes yesterday (November 2nd) , takes into account a variety of different factors, mainly revenues generated from record sales, merchandise, endorsements, and touring, and charters that income from between June 2015-June 2016. Rounding off the top 10 is Celine Dion, who, along with Shania Twain, Jennifer Lopez, and Britney Spears, have seen their incomes bolstered by their residencies in Las Vegas. Similarly, despite not releasing an album since 2013, Katy Perry landed at number six on the list. The singer is currently working on the follow up to her last record, Prism , and earlier this summer released the stand alone single “Rise,” the theme song to NBC’s coverage of the 2016 Rio Olympic games. Speaking about the success of women, entertainment attorney Lori Landew told Forbes that she was incredibly pleased with how women were faring financially in the music industry. “I take enormous pleasure and comfort in the fact that female artists are growing in success both in terms of revenues earned and their influence in the music industry,” she said. “Many of these artists are enjoying what I see as a continuing cultural shift that allows and enables them to shed prior societal constructs imposed on them about how they should sound or look or dress on stage or on screen in order to appeal to a broader audience.” Tbh, we couldn’t agree more. Landing at number five is Beyoncé. As Forbes point out, Bey will probably be a lot higher on the list next year when things like the total slay that was the Formation World Tour are taken fully into consideration. Not to mention that Lemonade has already sold over 1 million copies in the U.S. However, the singer still took home $54 Million. Rihanna slips in at number four. Again, like Beyoncé, RiRi’s position will probably be higher next year due to her incredible ANTi Tour. However, Rihanna also has huge endorsement deals with Puma, Samsung, and Dior to help, too. All of that helped RiRi earn $75 Million. Madonna is still the queen at number three. While Madonna’s last album, 2015’s Rebel Heart , might have been subjected to multiple leaks and production issues, the singer is still THE biggest name when it comes to solo artists going on tour. Her Rebel Heart tour helped the singer take home $76.5 Million . Bitch, she’s Madonna after all. Hello, it’s me…Adele at number two. Given that she is currently the best selling female artist out there, it’s no surprise to see Adele near the top of this list. Surprisingly, the singer made most of her money from album sales from her record breaking third LP 25 , which sold over 3.38 million copies in its first week in the U.S. Again, Adele’s $ 80.5 Million will probably be higher next year once the revenue for her recent world tour are taken into consideration. That means that Ms. Taylor Swift tops the highest paid women in music list. Of course, event though Taylor Swift released her career defining album 1989 in 2014, the singer’s lengthy 1989 World Tour earned nearly a quarter of a BILLION dollars. Add the fact that she shifted 3 million records during that time and endorsements with Coca-Cola, Keds, and Apple, and Taylor’s $170 million shouldn’t be that surprising.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
163688,"‘The Crown’ Actress Vanessa Kirby Signs With WME Diana Lodderhose Pin it Share EXCLUSIVE: British actress Vanessa Kirby , who stars as Princess Margaret in Netflix’s upcoming show The Crown , has signed with WME . Kirby plays the younger sister of Queen Elizabeth II in the show, Netflix’s most expensive program to date, which is set to premiere on November 4. Her previous credits include BBC drama The Dresser, in which she starred opposite Anthony Hopkins and Ian McKellen, as well as the film Me Before You , in which she appeared alongside Emilia Clarke. She also had a role in Richard Curtis’ romantic comedy About Time , with Rachel McAdams and Domhnall Gleeson. An accomplished stage actress, Kirby starred in Robert Icke’s production of Uncle Vanya and Benedict Andrews’ production of A Streetcar Named Desire , opposite Gillian Anderson and Ben Foster. She is repped by Christian Hodell of Hamilton Hodell and Bloom Hergott Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
329120,"Retirees don't all pay the same Medicare Part B premium. While most Medicare beneficiaries will experience a modest premium increase next year, a few specific groups of seniors will have to pay much higher premiums. Here's a look at how much retirees will need to pay for Medicare Part B in 2017.
Existing Social Security beneficiaries. Medicare premiums are prevented by law from increasing faster than Social Security payments for existing beneficiaries. The Social Security cost-of-living adjustment was just 0.3 percent for 2017. So, the monthly Medicare Part B premium will only increase by a few dollars from $104.90 in 2016 to $109 in 2017 for most existing Social Security recipients. About 70 percent of Medicare enrollees will experience this small premium increase, according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Most Social Security beneficiaries have their Medicare premiums deducted from their Social Security payments.
[See: 10 Social Security Rules Everyone Should Know .] 
New Medicare enrollees. Retirees who sign up for Medicare in 2017 will pay the standard Medicare Part B premium of $134 for 2017, up 10 percent from $121.80 in 2016. These new enrollees will pay $300 more for Medicare Part B in 2017 than existing Social Security recipients. ""Because of the 'hold harmless' provision covering the other 70 percent of beneficiaries, premiums for the remaining 30 percent must cover most of the increase in Medicare costs for 2017 for all beneficiaries,"" according to a statement from the CMS. New enrollees include people who will turn 65 in 2017 and those who were previously covered by group health insurance through their job and elect to join Medicare in 2017.
Retirees who haven't signed up for Social Security. Some retirees sign up for Medicare before claiming Social Security in order to qualify for higher Social Security payments later on in retirement. The Social Security full retirement age is 66 for most baby boomers, which is a year later than the Medicare eligibility age of 65. Retirees who sign up for Social Security before age 66 collect a reduced payment. Those who delay signing up for Social Security between ages 66 and 70 will qualify for higher monthly payments. However, people who sign up for Medicare without claiming Social Security will pay the standard Part B premium of $134 per month for 2017. There is also a small group of retirees who are eligible for Medicare, but not Social Security.
[Read: How to Apply for Medicare Without Claiming Social Security .] 
Medicaid recipients. Some low income retirees are eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare. In this case, the state Medicaid program will pay the $134 monthly Medicare Part B premiums for 2017.
High income retirees. The approximately 5 percent of Medicare beneficiaries with high incomes have paid higher Medicare Part B premiums since 2007. Retirees bringing in more than $85,000 per year ($170,000 for couples) pay Medicare premiums ranging from $187.50 per month for those just over the income cutoff to $428.60 monthly for those earning over $214,000 ($428,000 for couples) in 2017.
Late enrollees. You are first eligible to sign up for Medicare Part B during a seven-month period that begins three months before you turn 65. If you don't sign up during this initial enrollment period you might have to pay a late enrollment penalty for the rest of your life. Monthly Part B premiums increase by 10 percent for each twelve-month period you delay signing up for Medicare after becoming eligible for the program. If you delay signing up for Medicare for two years after your initial enrollment period your premiums will be 20 percent higher. However, if you delay signing up for Medicare because you are still working and have group health insurance through your job, you will need to sign up for Medicare within eight months of leaving the job or the coverage ending in order to avoid the penalty.
[See: 10 Medical Services Medicare Doesn't Cover .] 
Other costs. Premiums aren't the only Medicare out-of-pocket costs retirees must pay. The Medicare Part B deductible will increase by $17 to $183 in 2017. After the deductible, retirees could be responsible for 20 percent of the cost of covered services unless they supplement Medicare with additional insurance.
Emily Brandon is the author of ""Pensionless: The 10-Step Solution for a Stress-Free Retirement.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
45365,"Sydney (AFP) - Sports legend Greg Norman was pivotal in helping Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull become one of the first world leaders to touch base with his golfing buddy Donald Trump, it emerged Thursday. Turnbull spoke to the tycoon soon after his surprise victory in the US election last week, describing the billionaire as a dealmaker who would ""view the world in a very practical and pragmatic way"".
His office confirmed to AFP a Sydney Daily Telegraph report that Norman, known as the ""Great White Shark"", gave Australia's ambassador to the US a phone number ""closely linked to Trump"".
The spokesman would not confirm it was the Republican's mobile number, as reported by the newspaper, which said Turnbull was the second world leader to reach Trump after his shock win.
Turnbull refused to say how Norman facilitated the call, but said the golfer was a ""great advocate for strengthening the Australian-American alliance"".
""He has been a great help... He wants Australia to succeed, America to succeed and, if we both succeed, that'll be good for the world too,"" he told reporters.
Norman, who often plays golf with Trump, wrote in Newsweek on Tuesday that he had spoken to Turnbull ""and he is onboard with wanting to see President-elect Trump succeed"".
Trump's aides on Wednesday released a list of 29 foreign leaders and dignitaries he had spoken to after a report by The New York Times that the transition was in disarray.
The newspaper said offices of foreign leaders were blindly dialling in to Trump Tower where the real estate developer has been holed up as they scrambled to reach him on the phone.
Trump, who is due to assume office on January 20, and his team have insisted the transition process is progressing smoothly.
Norman was formerly ranked world number one and won the British Open in 1986 and 1993.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
259539,"Johannesburg (AFP) - Egypt avenged a humiliating World Cup defeat by Ghana three years ago with a 2-0 victory Sunday in a 2018 African Group E qualifier before an 85,000 crowd in Alexandria. Ghana triumphed 6-1 in the first leg of a 2014 World Cup play-off to set up an aggregate victory that prolonged the agony of Egypt, who have not competed at the finals since 1990.
Mohamed Salah converted a 43rd-minute penalty amid an electric atmosphere at the Borg El Arab Stadium and Abdallah Saied doubled the lead four minutes from time with a close-range shot.
Ghana, seeking to qualify for a fourth consecutive World Cup, dominated second-half possession without finding a way past 43-year-old goalkeeper Essam El Hadary.
El Hadary is the lone survivor of the national team of the previous decade that won three straight Africa Cup of Nations titles, but repeatedly failed to secure World Cup qualification.
Egypt have six points after two rounds, Uganda four, Ghana one and Congo Brazzaville are pointless.
The remaining four rounds are scheduled between August and November 2017 with the group winners qualifying for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Salah put Egypt ahead with a spot-kick that just avoided the legs of diving goalkeeper Razak Brimah after Harrison Afful fouled Mahmoud Hassan.
Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu came agonisingly close to equalising early in the second half with a glancing header that flew narrowly wide.
A late counterattack caught out Ghana and a couple of square passes set up Saied to turn and score with a low shot into the corner.
Farouk Miya scored after 18 minutes to give bottom seeds Uganda a 1-0 win over Congo in Kampala Saturday.
Democratic Republic of Congo regained first place in Group A on goal difference from Tunisia after a 2-1 comeback victory over Guinea in Conakry.
The match was won through two goals in quick succession during the second half from England-based attackers.
Neeskens Kebano from second-tier club Fulham equalised on 54 minutes and Everton flier Yannick Bolasie snatched the winner two minutes later.
Seydouba Soumah had raised Guinean hopes of a first group win by converting a 23rd-minute penalty.
DR Congo and Tunisia have six points each and Guinea and Libya are pointless in the only mini-league where two teams have won twice.
Egypt and Group B pacesetters Nigeria are the other countries boasting a maximum six points from two matchdays.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
215013,"MILAN (Reuters) - Hundreds of hooded anti-government protesters clashed with police in Florence on Saturday just weeks before a referendum on a constitutional reform on which Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has staked his political future. There have been protests against the Renzi government and the referendum before, but these were the first involving violence.
The young protesters were marching through the center of Florence trying to reach the premises where 41-year-old Renzi, also a former mayor of the Tuscan city, was expected to attend his Democratic Party's annual convention called ""Leopolda"".
Television pictures showed officers in riot gear and with batons charging hundreds of protesters who threw smoke bombs, stones and firecrackers and tried to separate from the police by dragging metal fences into the streets. One officer was hurt in the leg during the clashes, Italian media said.
Florence mayor Dario Nardella condemned the protests after crossing the demonstrations to reach the Leopolda venue.
""Demonstrating is a right, but the use of violence is despicable and unacceptable,"" he told his fellow party members from the podium.
With four weeks to go to the Dec. 4. referendum on his plan to reduce the role of the Senate and cut the powers of regional governments, Renzi is campaigning furiously to try to turn around opinion polls that suggest he may lose the vote.
During the unauthorized protests, campaigners were holding up ""No to Renzi"" and ""No to Leopolda"" banners, challenging the proposed constitutional reform which they said would reduce democracy and lead to an excessive concentration of power.
Out of the last 33 opinion polls, only one put the ""Yes"" camp ahead.
(Reporting by Agnieszka Flak; Editing by Stephen Powell)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
206212,"WASHINGTON (AP) — Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows: ABC's ""This Week"" — John Podesta, Clinton campaign chairman; Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus. ___ NBC's ""Meet the Press"" — Podesta; former House Speaker Newt Gingrich. ___ CBS' ""Face the Nation"" — Priebus. ___ CNN's ""State of the Union"" — Robby Mook, Clinton campaign manager; Kellyanne Conway, Trump campaign manager. ___ ""Fox News Sunday"" — Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence; Clinton adviser Joel Benenson. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
199729,"FLORENCE, Italy (AP) — Despite two months of solid play with Nice, Mario Balotelli hasn't made his way back onto the Italian national squad. Since transferring to Nice on deadline day, Balotelli has scored six goals in six French league appearances.
However, the former Liverpool and AC Milan forward is not included in Italy coach Gian Piero Ventura's squad for a World Cup qualifier against Liechtenstein and a friendly with Germany.
Ventura says he has no doubts about Balotelli's skills and abilities but adds: ""You can't think that in two months somebody has changed who they are.""
Ventura did say he plans to talk with Balotelli about a possible return to the national team next year.
Ventura says Toronto FC attacking midfielder Sebastian Giovinco was left out because he ""plays in a league that doesn't count for much.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
304021,"Are You Too Proud To Leave London? Eleanor Ross Pin it Share Samuel Johnson has a lot to answer for. “When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life” – his pithy line about why we should all love London or we’re better off dead is quoted more frequently than you might imagine. It’s used as a slogan, found on advertising boards on the Tube, and trotted out by friends as justification for commuting 45 minutes by bike from east London to work. But to what extent is this mantra damaging those of us who live here, and maybe want to leave? And why are so many people staying in London, despite record levels of pollution and a pretty dire housing crisis ? There have been many stories about those who leave to have children but what about the people who choose to stay? For millennials, with a lower annual salary than their parents’ generation, is it worth it? Rental rates in London are at their highest ever, while one fifth of all workers are paid less than the London Living Wage (£9.75 p/h). Recent ONS studies have also pointed to an exodus of people from London aged around 32, which is traditionally when people start to have children. I moved to London four years ago and currently spend over half my average monthly salary on rent (67%, actually, and that doesn’t include bills). I live in London because I am a journalist, and just about every magazine and newspaper is based in the capital. I know I’m not alone in trying to make the best of things in London, so why don’t we all just leave, especially those who have non-location-dependent jobs? When friends elsewhere in the country ask around on Facebook for where’s best to buy in their city, I just laugh hollowly. In London we don’t choose where to live based on the best brunch spots, or whether there are good schools nearby. Instead, most millennials choose where to live based on cost alone, even those on big City salaries. There’s just something I don’t want to do – admit that I can’t hack it in London The idea that we stay in a city that punishes us sounds crazy, but to what extent do we remain because of pride? We don’t want to give up on the life we know it’s possible to have here. Come Saturday, there I am, proud to have saved money by walking home rather than spending a crippling £2.90. Then I scroll through my friends' Instagram pictures and look at their lives in Manchester or Sheffield or Leeds. I see them cycling around reservoirs (I could do that, too, if I drove a van to the Lea Valley), eating brunch in cafés for less than a fiver, and enjoying nights out with friends more than once a fortnight. It must be so easy there. Yet I stick it out, as do my friends and colleagues here. But why? Tolerance and an ""anything goes"" mantra is important. People are more welcoming of difference here; living in a multicultural city with a vibrant LGBTQ scene is what makes London so appealing. Londoners, for the most part, are accepting of different creeds, colours, and faiths – rarely would anyone blink if a man staggered into a coffee shop dressed in sequins at 11am. It’s just London. But there are other reasons why people stay in the capital, despite it being bone-cripplingly pricey. “I think for me it’s fear of failure,” says Jack*, a buddy who has lived in London for five years and works as a TV researcher. “When I left Newcastle I left all my friends settling down with their partners and having kids, to chase a career. London is seen as exciting and vibrant – I wouldn’t feel too great about coming home with my tail between my legs and admitting I get one job a month and the rest of the time is spent sending out CVs. The reality is, I need to go home, because I can’t afford to live here.” Jack admits that he’s struggling with depression in London and has high levels of anxiety about career progression. Photo: Tamara Menzi More Read More Living in London can feel like one big fat real-life Instagram: appearance is everything. Yeah, I once went to the opening of a new sushi restaurant and shared nigiri with the entire cast of Eastenders . Yeah, I commute past Big Ben. But, yeah, I also can't see my friends as much as I'd like because it's a one-hour commute to Walthamstow or Stratford. Like Jack, there’s just something I don’t want to do – admit that I can’t hack it in London. What if I miss a gig I like? What if I don’t catch that new photography exhibition? When we live through a filter, trying to convince ourselves that London really is awesome, we can lose sight of the little things. When was the last time you said hello to a stranger? When did you and your mum last spend an afternoon just hanging out? There’s a truth to the old adage that nobody in London smiles and I reckon it has a lot to do with the fact that we are constantly chasing something – but nobody can quite put their finger on what. There is little time to stand and stare, and breathe in great lungfuls of the city air. (Inadvisable, given that 9500 deaths each year are caused by high pollution.) Most of my London friends cite “culture and work” as key reasons why they stay, and there’s no denying London is one of the most exciting cities in the world for music, art and theatre. Many say they’d leave if it wasn’t for work. Laura, a civil servant, said: “I simply can’t do my job outside London. I wouldn’t have moved here if it wasn’t for that.” Another, Jude, said: “People stay because this is where the work is, at least in the entertainment industry.” One friend who has moved to Leeds says she massively misses London. “I just love the variety of things that are on – if something only happens in one place in the UK, it's London.” Yet some industries are trying to decentralise and prove it’s not all about London. Salford is home to the relocated BBC studios, while JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and Citigroup have all publicly discussed shifting work to other European cities post-Brexit . Additionally, the number of people requesting remote working opportunities is on the rise . Anna, a freelance PR, is worried about losing her contacts and life if she moves. “I think I could do my job very easily outside of London, or even outside of the country, as it’s 95% over email. However, I do think I’d miss out on new business leads and a general trend awareness if I moved out of town. Saying that, I’d save so much, I’d be able to stay in hotels or Airbnbs in town twice a month or so.” Phoebe* thinks staying in London is putting her mental health at risk. “I’m embarrassed to admit it but I spend a lot of time keeping up with the Joneses. If I see friends heading out on a Tuesday night I wonder if I’m making the most of living here! Then I think maybe my friends in Lincoln are actually not partying in Lincoln on Tuesday night or going to galleries or secret dining clubs. I reckon London can make you lose perspective on things that matter.” Perhaps rather than finding fault with the city we once chose to call home, we need to try to become happier with ourselves, or instead trust that we can live fruitful lives outside of the capital. Then, maybe, London will feel more possible. Like what you see? How about some more R29 goodness, right here?",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
278443,"Share View photos A damaged ambulance is pictured after an airstrike on the rebel-held town of Atareb, in the countryside west of Aleppo, Syria November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah More BEIRUT (Reuters) - An air strike hit a hospital in the rebel-held Syrian village of Awaijel, west of Aleppo killing at least one person in the early hours of Tuesday, a day after attacks on two other hospitals in the region, a war monitor said. Jets hit Awaijel's Baghdad hospital with rockets, injuring medical staff and patients, including some who had just moved there from a hospital hit in nearby Kafrnaha on Monday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The attack put the hospital in Awaijel out of service, it added. The Observatory is a Britain-based monitor of Syria's five-and-a-half-year civil war that publishes reports based on its network of contacts across Syria. An air campaign by Syria's military backed by Russia's air force has intensified in the villages and small towns of Aleppo and Idlib provinces in recent days, the Observatory reported, after a foiled rebel offensive in the west of the city. Syria's civil war pits President Bashar al-Assad backed by Russia, Iran and Shi'ite militias against mostly Sunni rebels seeking to oust him, including groups backed by Turkey, the United States and Gulf Arab monarchies. Western countries and human rights activists have accused the air forces of Damascus and Moscow of repeatedly targeting hospitals, bread lines and other civilian infrastructure in territory controlled by the rebels. They both deny doing so and say their air campaign is directed against military targets belonging to the rebels, whom they describe as terrorists. (Reporting By Angus McDowall)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
297087,"Rajkot (India) (AFP) - All-rounder Ravichandran Ashwin struck a crucial half-century before England bowled out India for 488 on the fourth day of the first Test in Rajkot on Saturday. Ashwin, who came in to bat when the hosts were placed on a shaky 349 for five, made 70 off 139 balls to restrict England's first-innings lead to 49 runs.
With only four sessions to go in the Test, the match appeared headed for a draw unless the visitors suffer sudden batting collapse on a wicket that had little to offer to the bowlers.
Adil Rashid took 4-114 to emerge as the most successful bowler while his spin partner Zafar Ansari picked 2-77.
Ashwin shepherded the tail to add 139 runs to the Indian total and frustrate the visitors who posted 537 in their first knock, their third highest total in the country.
Ashwin, who disappointed with the ball during England's innings, completed his seventh Test half-century in the process, underlining once again his key all-round skills.
When England last toured India in 2012, Ashwin had proved to be a thorn in their flesh, averaging over 60 with the bat.
He hit Adil Rashid for a delectable boundary before Mohammed Shami added some entertainment in the otherwise dour proceedings with a huge six in the same over.
India lost Wriddhiman Saha (35) soon after the lunch session which saw India add 77 runs while losing three more wickets.
Local hero Ravindra Jadeja (12) ballooned a simple catch to Test debutant Haseeb Hameed off Rashid while Umesh Yadav (five) was brilliantly caught by a diving Ben Stokes off the same bowler.
The morning session saw India losing in-form skipper Virat Kohli to a freak dismissal when the batsman was on 40.
Kohli's back leg hit the stumps and dislodged a bail as he tried to pull away a short delivery from Rashid.
He became the second Indian skipper to be hit-wicket after Lala Amarnath in the 1948-49 series at home against the West Indies.
The Indian skipper was also out in a similar fashion in a one-day international against England in Cardiff in 2011.
India, 319-4 overnight, started the day cautiously with Kohli and Ajinkya Rahane (13) not taking any unnecessary risks against a disciplined England attack.
But they were quick to latch on to poor deliveries with Rahane imperiously pulling a short ball from Chris Woakes to the square leg fence.
Rahane's flourish, however, proved short-lived as he lost his stumps to rookie left-arm spinner Zafar Ansari (2-77) after completely misjudging the length.
But it was the dismissal of Kohli who has scored two Test double centuries this year which hit India the hardest.
The otherwise prolific Kohli had been keen to improve his dismal average against England but failed to build on his good start. He hit five fours in his 95-ball knock.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
205673,"PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) — A Pakistani provincial minister says his administration should intervene with the central government to prevent a world-famous Afghan refugee from being deported. Mustaq Ghani, the information minister for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, said Sunday that his administration would request that federal authorities grant refugee status to Sharbat Gullam, saying it would improve Pakistan's image.
A court last Friday convicted Gulla of possessing forged identity papers; she received a 15-day jail term, a fine of 110,000 rupees (about $1,100) and was ordered to be deported.
Gulla gained international fame in 1984, after war photographer iconic Steve McCurry's portrait of her was published on the cover of National Geographic.
In 2014, she surfaced in Pakistan but went into hiding when authorities accused her of buying fake Pakistani documents.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
244543,"By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - No. 2 U.S. automaker Ford Motor Co <F.N>, which has endured scathing criticism from Donald Trump over its Mexican investments, on Wednesday congratulated him on his election victory and vowed to work with the president-elect.
""We agree with Mr. Trump that it is really important to unite the country, and we look forward to working together to support economic growth and jobs,"" Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said.
Trump repeatedly said during the campaign that if elected he would not allow Ford to open a new plant in Mexico and would slap hefty tariffs taxes on Ford vehicles.
Ford shares dropped 2.6 percent to $11.18 on Wednesday.
Ford said in April 2015 it planned to invest $2.5 billion to build two new plants in Mexico, adding 3,800 jobs.
At his campaign kickoff speech in June 2015, Trump said he would call Ford Chief Executive Officer Mark Fields to explain the ""bad news.""
""Let me give you the bad news: Every car, every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, we’re going to charge you a 35 percent tax,"" Trump said then.
Earlier this year, Ford said it will invest $1.6 billion in Mexico for small-car production to start in 2018. In September, Ford confirmed that all of the company's small-car production will leave U.S. plants and head to lower-cost Mexico.
In his final speech of the campaign early on Election Day in western Michigan, Trump returned to the theme. ""After we win, I'm going to be coming back to Michigan a lot. I'm going to be coming back every time we open a new factory or a new automobile plant ... We're not going to lose your jobs anymore,"" Trump said. ""We are going to bring back the automobile industry to Michigan, bigger and better and stronger than ever before.""
Last month, Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. said he had met with Trump to talk about his extensive criticism of the automaker's investments in Mexico. Ford noted the automaker has hired 26,000 and invested $12 billion in the United States since 2011.
Bill Ford was in India on Wednesday after the company announced it will invest 13 billion rupees ($195 million) over the next five years in a technology and business center in Chennai. Ford said it will hire 3,000 people to staff the facility, which will be operational by early 2019.

(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Jeffrey Benkoe)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
227882,"Aaron Sorkin Wrote a Letter to His Daughter About Donald Trump's Win: Read It Now Rachel McRady Pin it Share Aaron Sorkin, the Oscar-winning script writer for shows like The West Wing and The Newsroom, wrote an extremely personal message to the women in his life on Wednesday, following Donald Trump's presidential victory. Sorkin penned a letter to his 15-year-old daughter, Roxy, and her mother, Julia, which he shared with Vanity Fair . He began the message by acknowledging the presidential election results, saying, ""Well the world changed late last night in a way I couldn't protect us from. That's a terrible feeling for a father. I won't sugarcoat it – this is truly horrible."" MORE: Late Night Hosts Address Election Results in Heartfelt Monologues He went on to call the president elect, ""a thoroughly incompetent pig with dangerous ideas, a serious psychiatric disorder, no knowledge of the world and no curiosity to learn."" Sorkin also made note of Trump's outspoken followers, writing, ""The Klan won last night. White nationalists. Sexists, racists and buffoons. Angry young white men who think rap music and Cinco de Mayo are a threat to their way of life (or are the reason for their way of life) have been given cause to celebrate. Men who have no right to call themselves that and who think that women who aspire to more than looking hot are shrill, ugly, and otherwise worthy of our scorn rather than our admiration struck a blow for misogynistic shitheads everywhere."" ""We've embarrassed ourselves in front of our children and the world,"" he continued. But then the dad addressed ways to move forward both on a personal level and as a nation. MORE: Donald and Melania Trump Will Meet With Barack and Michelle Obama at the White House on Thursday ""First of all, we remember that we're not alone. A hundred million people in America and a billion more around the world feel exactly the same way we do,"" he wrote. ""Second, we get out of bed. The Trumpsters want to see people like us (Jewish, 'coastal elites,' educated, socially progressive, Hollywood…) sobbing and wailing and talking about moving to Canada. I won't give them that and neither will you. Here's what we'll do… we'll f**king fight. (Roxy, there's a time for this kind of language and it's now.) We're not powerless and we're not voiceless."" He went on to acknowledge his own privilege and noted that he plans to use it to help others. ""Our family is fairly insulated from the effects of a Trump presidency so we fight for the families that aren't,"" he wrote. ""We fight for a woman to keep her right to choose. We fight for the First Amendment and we fight mostly for equality—not for a guarantee of equal outcomes but for equal opportunities. We stand up."" MORE: Stephen Colbert Shares Emotional Reaction to Election Results, Cheers on Anti-Trump Protestors Sorkin concluded, ""America didn't stop being America last night and we didn't stop being Americans and here's the thing about Americans: Our darkest days have always—always—been followed by our finest hours."" And the note ended with one last message to his daughter, saying, ""Your tears last night woke me up, and I'll never go to sleep on you again."" For more reactions to the election results, watch the clip below. Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
223760,"SHREVEPORT, La. (AP) — The Latest on the trial of a Louisiana sheriff accused of federal civil rights violations after deputies beat inmates (all times local): 5:50 p.m.
A south Louisiana sheriff says he's relieved that a federal jury listened to his attorney and acquitted him of civil rights charges arising from the beatings of black inmates by deputies.
Iberia Parish Sheriff Louis Ackal told KLFY-TV that he was hurt that some of his former deputies testified against him. He said he had considered the deputies his friends.
Ackal was found not guilty Friday afternoon on four federal counts alleging conspiracy, deprivation of rights and obstruction of justice.
___
5:15 p.m.
A federal jury has acquitted a south Louisiana sheriff of encouraging or ignoring the beatings of jail inmates.
News outlets reported Friday afternoon's not-guilty verdict in the civil rights trial of Iberia Parish Sheriff Louis Ackal.
Ten deputies pleaded guilty, and jurors heard from deputies who described beating suspects and inmates.
But Ackal's defense lawyer argued that the abuses they described were the work of members of a rogue narcotics unit, and that the deputies had taken plea deals after making false statements before grand juries or in depositions.
The case was tried in a federal courtroom in the northwest Louisiana city of Shreveport.
___
2 p.m.
Jury deliberations have begun in the federal trial of a south Louisiana sheriff accused of encouraging or ignoring the beatings of jail inmates.
News outlets covering the trial of Iberia Parish Sheriff Louis Ackal report that closing arguments wrapped up Friday morning.
Ackal has pleaded not guilty to charges related to abuse and cover-ups dating back to his first days in office eight years ago. Ten deputies have pleaded guilty in the case. Jurors heard from deputies who described beating suspects and inmates.
Ackal's defense attorney told jurors that the deputies had taken plea deals after making false statements earlier before grand juries or in depositions.
The case was tried in a federal courtroom in the northwest Louisiana city of Shreveport.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
24920,"SYDNEY (AP) — Andreas Mikkelsen held off Sebastien Ogier to win the Rally of Australia by 14.9 seconds on Sunday, giving Volkswagen a victory in its final race in the World Rally Championship. Norway's Mikkelsen started the final day of the rally with a narrow two-second lead over his Volkswagen teammate, who was recently crowned the world drivers' champion for the fourth straight year.
Ogier closed the gap to just 0.3 seconds at the midpoint of the dusty Bucca stage, the second of five stages on the final day. But the Frenchman then spun his Volkswagon Rolo R near the finish and completed the stage 19.6 seconds slower than Mikkelsen, giving the Norwegian a commanding overall lead.
Mikkelsen began the rally in third place in the drivers' standings behind Ogier and Belgium's Thierry Neuville, hoping a win would lift him into second place and give Volkswagen its fourth consecutive one-two finish in its final championship. The company has said it will not compete in WRC again after this season.
But Neuville, driving a Hyundai, finished the race in third place, ensuring he'd remain in second overall in the drivers' standings.
""The plan was to try and win the power stage because I would like to try and beat Thierry for that second place, but I'm still happy about this,"" Mikkelsen said. ""It's been such a perfect end to the season ... It's just sad to see this team and the car come to an end. I will miss them.""
Ogier and Mikkelsen now find themselves looking for new cars for next season, likely putting pressure on drivers on other teams.
Mikkelsen dominated Volkswagon's final rally, leading after all but one stage and overcoming a bizarre incident on the second day when his clutch and brake pedal became wedged together.
The race was also delayed on the 21st stage for almost a half hour when Eric Camilli rolled his Ford onto its roof, causing a fire to break out in the car. He retired from the stage but appeared unhurt.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
331230,"The Becca x Jaclyn Hill Champagne Glow Face Palette is coming back and we are SO excited Lourdes Uribe Pin it Share More When a beauty product becomes a cult fave, it usually means that it’s high quality, has beautiful packaging, is unique, works on multiple skin tones, is long-lasting, and gives beautiful results. Case in point: the Becca x Jaclyn Hill Champagne Glow Face Palette . It’s been long sold out, but we can thank our lucky stars because it’s coming back, baby! Just in time for the holidays, too! When this gorgeous and beloved palette debuted earlier this year, it was sold out faster than a blink of an eye. We truly thought all hope was lost, and we wouldn’t be seeing it again, though we did console ourselves with their myriad other stunning products . Luckily for us, their Champagne collection has been so successful that they’re bringing back a limited number of Champagne Glow Face Palettes for us THIS SUNDAY! For the uninitiated, the palette contains two large golden-ish highlighters: Champagne Pop and Prosecco Pop, along with three small blushes: Satin, Matte, and Shimmer. The holy grail! Up until now, Becca Cosmetics was only available in the US and Canada, but their collaboration with Jaclyn Hill has been so wildly popular that they are expanding the collection worldwide! How thrilling! Beauty lovers around the world over will now be able to share the magic of these beautiful products, and we couldn’t be happier for them! There is so much joy to be found in the success of brands who make products that are truly wonderful and well-loved, especially when it’s women working together! Grab yours at Sephora starting Sunday, Nov. 20th, for $52. And remember, it’s limited-edition, so make sure you grab yours before they sell out again!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
174287,"MADRID (AP) — Real Sociedad became the latest team to join the tight title race in Spain. Taking advantage of two second-half penalty kicks, Real Sociedad defeated Atletico Madrid 2-0 on Saturday so that six teams are separated by only five points atop La Liga.
Forward Carlos Vela converted a 54th-minute penalty and striker Willian Jose scored from the spot in the 75th to give Real Sociedad its fourth win in five matches, and the fourth consecutive win at home.
Leader Real Madrid hosts Leganes on Sunday, and second-place Barcelona plays at fourth-place Sevilla.
Atletico remained third, and Real Sociedad was sixth. Fifth-place Villarreal hosts Real Betis on Sunday.
It was the second loss in three league games for Atletico, which scored at least once in every match since a 0-0 draw at Leganes in the second round.
Atletico had the league lead until a 1-0 loss at Sevilla two rounds ago, a result that dropped Diego Simone's team to fifth place. It rebounded with a 4-2 over Malaga in the last round, but missed a chance to join Madrid atop the standings after its loss on Saturday.
Forward Kevin Gameiro had a chance to give Atletico a 1-0 lead in the first half but his shot from inside the area struck the post in pouring rain in the northern city of San Sebastian.
GRANADA 1, DEPORTIVO LA CORUNA 1
Last-place Granada remained the only winless team after this home draw.
Granada equalized nine minutes from time thanks to an own goal by Deportivo goalkeeper Przemyslaw Tyton.
Granada goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa made a brilliant save on a close-range shot near the end to keep the hosts from losing for the eighth time in 11 games.
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/tales-azzoni",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
96736,"Yahoo News traveled to Batnay, a Christian village just 16 miles north of Mosul, Iraq, to get a firsthand look at the destruction ISIS left in its wake. The town's Christian church was left vandalized, and religious statues had been used for target practice.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
88087,"  So you didn't want to invest in a pair of trendy jeans. You know, the asymmetrical ones with patchwork that are also oversized? We get it. But we still love the look of an outlandish pair of jeans with a simple white tee. Since just about everything under the sun is on sale, now is the time to pick up those trendy pieces you were dying to try. Editor recommendation? If you buy one thing this season, buy the below 3x1 Crop Fringe Jeans. You'll never get more compliments. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
66693,"Cover FX came out with a new setting powder that works for all skin types Lourdes Uribe More Powders can be tricky stuff. Lots of people eschew them completely because some feel it potentially makes your makeup look caked on and flaky, while others swear by them. Luckily for us, Cover FX has come out with a new setting powder that promises to solve all our powder woes . As we’re sure you know, it’s pretty tough to find the right one for your skin type because they’re all so different. Your unique skin conditions will determine how it looks on you, so, unfortunately, a lot of troubleshooting is usually involved when trying to find the right one . Cover FX’s new Perfect Setting Powder promises a flawless finish regardless of skin type or color. The Perfect Setting Powder isn’t an illuminating or a matte powder, it’s a finishing veil that will leave you looking airbrushed, flawless, and smooth. If it sets your makeup and blurs imperfection without looking or feeling heavy, we’re into that! There are two different shades: Translucent Light, with completely sheer coverage for fair to medium skin tones and Translucent Deep, completely sheer coverage for medium-deep to deep skin tones. Don’t they look ultra-velvety? A lot of people with dry skin stay away from powders to avoid flakiness or the potential to dry out their skin even more, but The Perfect Setting Powder has been specifically formulated to keep your skin hydrated and fresh. It contains Vitamin F, which has been known to offer hydrating benefits, as well as antioxidants such as Vitamin C, E, and gree tea extract to protect your skin from free radicals. It’s also coated with rich amino acids to help your skin feel comfortable and balanced! Not only is it great for the appearance and health of our skin, but it’s made to be healthy for us as well. It’s one of the few powders to be produced without the “Inflammatory 5,” which are gluten, mineral oil, fragrance, parabens, and talc. Thank goodness! All Cover FX products are also cruelty-free and vegan, which is a huge bonus! The Perfect Setting Powder is available now at CoverFx.com for $35, and will be available at Sephora starting on Dec. 29th! If you purchase anything from the Cover FX site this week between Black Friday to Cyber Monday you’ll receive 25% off your entire purchase! Pretty good excuse to pop over and get one for yourself, don’t you think?",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
190401,"Les Moonves: CBS Will Only Merge With Viacom If It Serves Shareholders David Lieberman Pin it Share The big question for CBS is whether — or, more likely, when — it will merge with Viacom. And CEO Les Moonves provided the safe answer to analysts in his quarterly earnings call, still underway. “If it looks right and is structured properly, it could be an attractive opportunity,” he says. But “we will only do a deal if it’s in the best interests of CBS and its shareholders.” His biggest shareholder is Sumner Redstone’s National Amusements, which has 80% of the votes and recommended the re-combination with Viacom — which it also controls. The companies split in 2006. The board has created a special committee to consider potential terms, and “we are still in the very early stages.” Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
311010,"NEW ORLEANS — Keeping track of the foods you eat is an important strategy for weight loss, but continuing to monitor what you eat is also important to prevent regaining that weight. Now, a new study finds that stopping food tracking is linked to regaining weight. In order to prevent re-gaining weight , people should make an effort four months after starting a diet to refocus on food tracking, according to the study, presented here Sunday (Nov. 13) at the American Heart Association's annual meeting called the Scientific Sessions.
The researchers found that people tended to stop dietary monitoring after about four months, and that this was followed by regaining weight, said Qianheng Ma, a public health researcher at the University of Pittsburgh and the lead author of the study. [ Here's Why It's So Hard to Maintain Weight Loss ]
The effects of food tracking , or ""dietary self-monitoring,"" on weight loss have been well-studied, and the technique is a key component of what researchers call the ""standard behavioral treatment"" for people who want to lose weight and keep it off, Ma told Live Science. This type of treatment is the most effective non-medical approach to weight loss , according to the study.
In the study, the researchers looked at data from 137 people who had participated in a one-year weight loss intervention called EMPOWER. The majority of the people in the study were white women. The participants were, on average, 51 years old and had a BMI of 34.1. (People with a BMI of 30 or higher are generally considered obese.) The people in the study were asked to weigh themselves regularly with a digital scale that uploaded data in real time and to monitor their diet using a smartphone app.
Although everyone in the study initially lost weight, nearly three-quarters of the people in the study ultimately regained some of that weight. In addition, 62 percent of the participants stopped tracking what they were eating at some point during the study.
The researchers found that a greater percentage of the people who regained weight had stopped tracking what they ate, compared with those who were able to maintain their weight. [ Special Report: The Science of Weight Loss ]
The average time that people  tracked their diet before they stopped was 126 days — in other words, they were about four months into their diet when they stopped, Ma told Live Science. It's unclear why food tracking stopped at this point, she added.
People did not begin gaining weight immediately after they stopped tracking what they ate, the researchers noted. Rather, people started to gain weight, on average, about two months after they stopped tracking their food, the study found.
Now that the researchers have identified the point at which people tend to stop tracking their food, they intend to study whether strategically reminding people to keep tracking will help them to keep the weight off, Ma said.
The new findings have not been published in a peer-reviewed journal.
Originally published on Live Science . 
Editor's Recommendations 7 Diet Tricks That Really Work Keeping Weight Off Involves Fresh Techniques, Study Finds 11 Surprising Things That Can Make Us Gain Weight",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
316695,"Google To Remove MacBook Pro With Touch Bar's Ad-Skipping Feature? Corazon Victorino Pin it Share The MacBook Pro with Touch Bar did not only debut with a dynamic strip of OLED display, it also launched with a feature that allows users to skip ads on YouTube before they even show up on the screen. More The new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar was found to be a threat to YouTube ad revenues. Apparently, the new MacBooks did not only debut with an advanced touch-screen strip as part of its keyboard, it also launched with a hidden feature that allows users to skip YouTube ads, including those that Google’s subsidiary has marked to be unskippable. The unintentional feature is making headlines this Wednesday after a user who discovered it shared the information on Reddit. According to the Reddit user, Apple’s Touch Bar actually has the capacity to enable users to scrub through ads, so video content can be watched straight away. “In Safari, the touchbar [sic] will pop up a scrubbing control whenever a video begins to play,” Reddit user RomansFiveEight wrote, as per Cult of Mac . “Amazingly, you can use that to scrub THROUGH an ad, even a non-skippable 30 second pre-roll ad; and begin your video right away!” Though this feature is absolutely a blessing to people who loathe watching YouTube ads before they can view the content they really want to watch, this is not enough reason for people to actually consider buying the expensive MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Also, it’s very likely that the feature would be eliminated via a future update. AppleInsider reports that Google is presumably already working on a way to suppress the ad-skipping feature of the Touch Bar. Apple could also be doing its part in addressing the issue, since creating a laptop feature that would allow users to skip ads would be a great loss to Google and YouTube creators who earn money via ad revenues. Both Google and Apple have yet to address the issue with this feature, but it’s already expected that the companies would remove it because it’s already difficult enough to cope with browser-based ad blockers in the first place. Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
215799,"What was going on in dinosaurs' noggins as they dwelled in Cretaceous forests, stalking fierce prey or sitting on a nest of giant eggs? Paleontologists may never know the answer to these questions, but they just got one step closer with the first-ever discovery of brain tissue from a dinosaur. And it's tiny.
The brainy finding looked like an unassuming brown pebble when a fossil hunter in Sussex, England, found it more than a decade ago. Discovering any soft tissue from a dinosaur is rare since that material degrades faster than other types of tissue, and dinosaurs lived more than 66 million years ago. [ See Images of the Fossilized Dinosaur Brain Tissue ]
This particular soft tissue was essentially pickled when the dinosaur died, according to the researchers, which is why it was so well-preserved.
""What we think happened is that this particular dinosaur died in or near a body of water, and its head ended up partially buried in the sediment at the bottom,"" co-author David Norman, a scientist at the University of Cambridge, said in a statement . ""Since the water had little oxygen and was very acidic, the soft tissues of the brain were likely preserved and cast before the rest of its body was buried in the sediment.""
Using a scanning electron microscope (SEM) — which produces images in fine detail by moving a beam of electrons over an object — the researchers identified different structures within the pebble-size tissue. In the images, they could make out meninges (tissue that surrounds the brain), strands of collagen and blood vessels, and structures that could be from the brain's cortex (the outer layer of the brain).
 
Illustrating the biological context for the brain tissue, the researchers detail what part of the dinosaur's brain the tissue came from. Based on the structures seen in the fossilized brain, the researchers said it is consistent with modern reptiles. University of Cambridge More Norman and his colleagues determined the brain tissue was likely from a species similar to Iguanodon , a large herbivorous dinosaur that lived during the early Cretaceous period , about 133 million years ago. The structure seen within the fossilized brain tissue showed similarities to that found in birds and crocodiles — dinosaurs' modern-day descendants.
 
""It was indeed structured rather like that seen typically in reptiles,"" Norman told Live Science. ""It also does not show that dinosaurs were necessarily very smart — their brains did not fill their braincases in this instance.""
In reptiles, and assumed for dinosaurs, the brain only takes up about half of the space within the cranial cavity. The rest of the space is a dense region of blood vessels that surrounds the brain. Based on the structures seen in the fossilized brain, the researchers said it is consistent with reptiles.
Though some dinosaurs are believed to have sported quite large brains, namely those that led to modern birds , Norman said this particular fossil does not display such size.
The researchers also cautioned against drawing conclusions about the intelligence of dinosaurs from this particular fossil. However, they do posit that this dinosaur and its relatives had relatively complex behaviors.
""It is reasonable to suppose that iguanodontian dinosaurs of this type were moderately complex behaviorally (no less so than modern crocodilians, for example),"" the researchers wrote.
Their findings were published today (Oct. 27) in a Special Publication of the Geological Society of London , in tribute to Martin Brasier of the University of Oxford, who died in 2014. Brasier and Norman coordinated the research into this particular fossil during the years before Brasier's death in a traffic accident.
Original article on Live Science . 
Editor's Recommendations Ancient Footprints to Tiny 'Vampires': 8 Rare and Unusual Fossils 7 Surprising Dinosaur Facts Photos: Birds Evolved from Dinosaurs, Museum Exhibit Shows",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
68528,ABC News' Pierre Thomas reports on what to expect at the Justice Department if Senator Jeff Sessions is confirmed as attorney general.,www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
315261,"Riot police fired teargas on Tuesday at protesters demonstrating just a few miles from the presidential mansion where Greek leaders were hosting a state banquet for visiting U.S. President Barack Obama. About 7,000 people, among them many hooded protesters and members of the Communist-affiliated group PAME, marched through the streets of central Athens holding banners reading “Unwanted!”
The police clashed with the protesters after they tried to break through cordon lines to reach the parliament building and the U.S. Embassy. Some demonstrators threw two petrol bombs at police before dispersing into nearby streets close to Athens’s main Syntagma Square.
In a separate protest in the northern city of Thessaloniki, protesters burned a U.S. flag.
The visit comes only two days before the anniversary of a bloody 1973 student revolt that helped topple the 1967-1974 military junta, which was backed by the U.S. government.
Obama, who will be succeeded in January by Donald Trump, arrived in Greece on Tuesday on his last foreign tour as president of the United States. (Reuters)
See more news-related photo galleries and follow us on Yahoo News Photo Tumblr .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
44167,"The Hague (AFP) - Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court will probe the trafficking of migrants out of Libya to see if there is evidence of war crimes, the chief prosecutor told AFP Tuesday. With the situation in Libya ""deteriorating,"" Fatou Bensouda said ""my office is planning to make Libya a priority in investigations"" in the coming year.
""One of the areas I intend to look into is the issue of the migrants, and the fact that we see hundreds of thousands of migrants being trafficked across from Libya, coming into Europe,"" she said.
She was speaking in an interview with AFP in the ICC's new permanent home on the outskirts of The Hague, just as Italy was on the verge of a record number of migrant arrivals for the year.
Asked if such trafficking could be considered ""a crime against humanity,"" Bensouda replied: ""It could be, depending on what evidence we find.""
""We are still continuing with our investigations in Libya. We are receiving a lot of information with regards to the crimes that are being committed.""
- 'Women, children bear brunt of crimes' -
Italian officials said on Tuesday at least eight people had died and an unknown number were missing in a new series of boat disasters in the Mediterranean.
Some 1,400 people had been saved in a dozen separate operations between Monday evening and Tuesday afternoon, the Italian coastguard said.
The rescues will take the number of migrants to have arrived in Italy by sea this year to almost 170,000, just short of the previous record set in 2014.
""The crimes are just many. And unfortunately it is the civilians... the women and children who are bearing the brunt of those crimes,"" Bensouda said.
Although Libya is not a party to the Rome Statute which underpins the ICC, the UN Security Council unanimously mandated the tribunal to investigate abuses in the country in February 2011.
It was then still under the rule of longtime leader Moamer Kadhafi, who was killed months later by rebels in a NATO-backed uprising.
An arrest warrant for alleged crimes against humanity is still outstanding for his son, Seif al-Islam, said to be behind bars in Zintan, a town southwest of Tripoli that opposes the unity government based in the capital.
The new unity government in Tripoli still faces dogged resistance from jihadist holdouts, who seized on the chaos unleashed since 2011.
Bensouda's attempt to have the ICC warrant served on the battalion commander in charge in Zintan, to compel him to turn over Islam to the court, was Monday turned down by the trial chamber in The Hague.
But she vowed her office would keep up its investigations, and said new arrest warrants could perhaps follow next year.
""So far the judges have decided that we should continue to have contact with the authorities in Libya... we will follow that up and see what we can do. The efforts have to continue.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
330815,"‘Arrival’ Sound Editor Sylvain Bellemare On First Sci-Fi Experience & Working With Denis Villeneuve To Craft An Alien Sound Matthew Grobar Pin it Share How do aliens sound in an emotional, psychological, science fiction universe? This was one of many questions faced by French-Canadian sound editor Sylvain Bellemare in overseeing the development of a soundscape for Denis Villeneuve ’s out-of-the-box alien invasion picture, Arrival . In working with Villeneuve, a director Bellemare describes as demanding, and specific in his vision, the reference points for the film were films like Interstellar and the Jodie Foster-starring Contact , and although those films are indeed suggestive of what one can expect of Arrival , they don’t tell the full story. Below, Bellemare discusses his long collaboration with Villeneuve, the craft of sound editing, and his first experience editing sound for a sci-fi blockbuster. What initially attracted you to Arrival , and how did you get involved? I was really fascinated with the script, when I read it, and I was really interested in [the way in which the script used] the past and future. Of course, it’s not really good in an interview to share that concept; of course, you saw the film. But for the viewers, I would just say it’s interesting how it plays with time. That will be a better answer. [Laughs] I’ve known Denis for a long, long time—I’ve been doing films with him here in Montreal for…the first time was like 20 years ago. We’ve done different projects over the years—we have a long-term partnership in movies, so it was a bit natural for me to do the film, even if Denis does all his films in California, for the last few ones. I was involved for that reason. Sound editing is one of the lesser-understood crafts in filmmaking. What would you say about your artistic process, and your collaborative relationship with Denis, having worked together on a number of films? First of all, I really approach sound as a character—sound is, in a way, really a part of the cinematographic language. It’s always my approach that the sound can define the narration, and define the emotion that you want to share. Also, the first idea is to bring ideas, basically, from the director, and even abstract ideas—sound really remains kind of a subconscious view of the world; sometimes, it’s really difficult to put words on it. It’s something basically where if you hear the sound, you understand what I mean, but if we just talked…we need to hear it. It’s like if our level of comprehension cannot come by words, but it’s really by sounds—which is really close to the film, in a way, because [the scientists] try to connect with those E.T. sounds, but sounds cannot connect them. Their language is difficult to understand; communication cannot be sensitive only with words and sounds. She has to go through another level, and that level will be reached through kind of a weird connection. It’s a thin line. There’s a lot of things that [Denis] doesn’t like, there’s a lot of things that he likes, but you really need exactly what he wants. If he does not get that, he will throw away all your work. It’s a very thin line with him, and at any moment, something cannot be what he wants. He’s always afraid, which is very important, that sound does not overwhelm the image, which has happened sometimes in some films, so we have to be very clever with him to bring the sound at the top level of what the film needs if the sound is too obvious, or too ‘in your face.’ It’s a challenge. How did Denis express his idea of this film’s soundscape to you? Did you find cues or ideas within the script itself? He really wanted a different sound than other films—it’s cliché to say that, but he really wanted another sort of sensation with this film, another type of sensation. Some people would relate the film with something like Interstellar , or even like Contact , with Jodie Foster, but it’s emotional, psychological science fiction, so the sound in the film was really related to memories, and how memories can bring you to a level of presence. And of course, how do you bring that, how do you try to not be too cliché with that? It was a challenge, basically, and sometimes we played with it in the film—that sometimes, the memory or the image, and the sound was in the present, and sometimes it was in the opposite. The sound was in the memory—in the past—and the image was in the present. It was something to play with. I think you just want to make sure that the sound was a strong enough character to live by itself, and maybe to cover holes that sometimes we had hard times with in editing—that there was some link to the story that sound had to do in the rhythm, in the narration. Read More Have you taken on a science-fiction narrative, or a film of this scope in the past? What are the unique challenges and opportunities presented in working on a film of this sort? My experience came a lot more from the experimental movies. Science fiction wasn’t something that I really had the chance to touch because science fiction films, most of the time, are only made basically in Hollywood. There are only so many places in the world where you can afford to do science fiction. I’ve done some stuff, but it was closer to experimental kinds of films, so you explore sound in a very abstract way, where sound is really close to music sometimes. In that type of field, we didn’t have the time that probably they had on Star Wars , or something. [ Arrival ] was a film that the schedule was really tight for different matters, and we had to have all the ideas and the design in a short period of time. Fortunately, we were a big, wonderful team that worked very hard on the front lines, for everybody. One of the basic things that was a success on the sound of Arrival was the voice part [of the alien species], which was made a lot from living animals and creatures, and on the other side, a lot of the radio communication also was really made from real devices, so we had the chance to work the devices instead of going to plug-ins. But on many levels, we used our big sound memory to do the soundscape— on other projects, I would have had time to record more sound, but because it was so tight, we had to dig a lot in our huge sound library. It would be like that for the vessels, for instance—the rock sounds of the vessel, made out of real, actual rock sounds that we had to change for the film. Were most sounds for the film newly recorded, or did you source a great deal from your sound libraries? Beside the animal voices and the radio communication, we of course did recordings for some things, but basically a lot of it came from our sound library. Unfortunately with the schedule he had, we had to face that, but we found rock sounds that we wanted for the vessel, when it moves. I would also add the fact that one of the things Denis really wanted, maybe going back to one of your first questions, is that Denis really wanted a non-electronic sound for the film. He really wanted a sort of organic and naturalistic sound—that’s why the vessel sounds really like a natural mountain moving, instead of a very sci-fi, electronic sound. You don’t see an engine, for instance—when you see the vessel, there is no engine. When you see the little vessel that goes to pick up Amy, it’s the same. Where’d that come from? There is no smoke, no nothing. At the end of the film, it’s really obvious when you see the vessel disappearing, like dust into the clouds. The same for the voices of the Heptopods—they had to come from naturalistic sounds. One recurring sound, seemingly coming from the alien ship, has the feeling of blaring trumpets, or other horns. Was that reflective of your intent? It sounds like that. [laughs] Certain sounds we really tried to make them sound like organic sounds. Some sounds were a bit like whales, or something like that. I don’t know if you felt that—it was basically [akin to] subaquatic creatures. They look like that—even though sometimes they’re not a recording based on whale sounds, I would say that they sound sometimes a bit like that, like a subaquatic creature. That was a goal, to make them as a living beast, and also at a very low frequency. We [needed] a sound that was terrifying, on one side, and smooth on the other side. Those creatures are basically not our friends, on the first steps, and we had to make it clear about that—it’s a very wild beast, in fact, that the character of Louise will [encounter]. We kept the ideal that to be monsters, [the sound] has to be something terrifying. How would you describe your process in working with Dave Whitehead, the sound designer who was another major contributor to the final product? It’s really important to name Dave. Dave was on the project before me—he really worked specifically on the Heptopod vocal design. He really worked specifically on the vocal sounds—I was supervising him, but basically, Dave’s is the masterpiece of the vocals. My role as the supervising sound editor was to make sure that we created specific sound ideas and designs for the film. Dave started before me on the project, so he did something with [editor] Joe Walker, and then I came and supervised the entire sound. In film, the Supervising Sound Editor is like a conductor. We have different instruments, and some of them are leading instruments—Dave is definitely like first violin. I’d like to have a word also about the crowd: One of the subtle sounds in the film is the crowd at the [military] base camp, trying to have natural crowds—kind of a walla sound. And as I said before, one of the big issues was all the communication, the devices, walkie talkies that we had—we really did a recording of every single word through these devices—real devices—instead of using plug-ins, so it was an exciting process, but very hard. It was something special to do. Where do you look to get access to the sort of specialized equipment involved in a film like this, for purposes of sound recording? Basically, we did a lot of research into military devices and what the U.S. Army would use. And sometimes we’d discover that the U.S. military would use devices that we cannot get. [Laughs] We have access to many things, but we’d have to re-create that. There’s a small helicopter scene in the film—it’s the same. We really get the devices. The realistic recordings of military devices serve also to ground the film, in relation to the surreal, heightened events taking place within the alien vessel. One of the things was always to be with Louise’s emotions—to follow what Louise is going through. As a viewer, we know she’s not there—she’s between life and death, basically. She’s always between a world that she does not understand, and another world that she doesn’t really understand—the military. She’s not really comfortable there. The sound in Arrival was really based in creating a vibration or mood between real and unreal worlds. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
47749,"(Reuters) - The technology-fueled rise of the ""gig"" economy may require the Federal Reserve to reassess how it interprets basic economic data and how it judges how close the economy is to maximum employment, a U.S. central banker said on Thursday. Fed Governor Lael Brainard, a leading proponent of delaying interest rate hikes to further boost job growth, did not comment on the outlook for monetary policy or the U.S. economy in remarks prepared for delivery to a Federal Reserve Bank of New York conference on the evolution of work.
But her remarks on what she called the ""sharp increase"" in contingent work arrangements over the last decade gave a window into the Fed's thinking about potentially large changes in the U.S. labor market.
""For monetary policy, the growth of contingent work affects the way we assess maximum employment and the way we interpret important labor market outcomes, such as the level of part-time employment and aggregate hours worked,"" she said. ""The effects on the labor market could be long lasting and significant.""
Companies like Uber Technologies [UBER.UL] and Taskrabbit, which allow workers to easily book jobs by the hour or project, may boost employment and labor force participation, Brainard said. But they also have uncertain effects on job loss, stability, productivity and the behavior of consumers and savers that require further study.
""Taking into account the potentially varied effects of the rising prevalence of gig work on household welfare, public policy should strive to maximize the benefits of the greater flexibility and lower entry barriers provided by advances in technology, while addressing the risks that currently accompany many forms of gig employment,"" she said.

(Reporting by Ann Saphir; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
29560,"If you’re a recent bride, congrats! But also, this: it’s fine to continue fawning over your gorgeous wedding dress, but don’t get pissed if your significant other already forgot that your lace appliqué frock matched the cake. Seriously, just watch Cosmo ‘s video of newlywed husbands describing their wives’ wedding dresses and try to ease up on side-eyeing your guy so hard because other people not recalling everything about your wedding day is actually one of the things no one tells you about wedding planning . Sure, the big day is full of thrills, but thinking back on it can often feel like one big blur. We know, we know: How *could* he forget the magical moment in which you floated down the aisle as a lacy vision in…wait, what color was your wedding dress again? We honestly can’t recall, and neither can the guys in this clip who had no effin’ clue what their wives’ wedding dresses looked like even though they were married THREE weeks ago.
Husbands Try To Describe Wedding Dresses 
LOL at these new husbands trying to describe their wives' wedding dresses Read more, here: http://bit.ly/2g3Kujd
Posted by Cosmopolitan on Friday, November 18, 2016 As one guy in the video stated, wedding days are full of activity, which is a gentle reminder that brides shouldn’t be  dismayed by the forgetfulness. It doesn’t mean you accidentally mistook this person for someone you should marry ; it just means that the person you exchanged vows with is *so* into you that they would’ve agreed to spend a lifetime together regardless of what you were wearing.
The post These newlywed husbands can’t remember their wives’ wedding dresses and we’re cringe-laughing appeared first on HelloGiggles .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
253566,"Toulouse (France) (AFP) - Samoa tackle France on Saturday desperate to erase the misery of their 2015 World Cup campaign on their return to Europe. The Pacific islanders' glory days, when they reached the 1991 and 1995 World Cup quarter-finals, looked a distant era at last year's global showpiece.
After beating the United States, Samoa then went down to defeat against South Africa, Japan and Scotland, albeit by just three points in that concluding tie.
Coach Alama Ieremia, a former All Blacks centre, has already made his presence felt after taking over following the World Cup -- only 17 players from the 2015 squad made the cut for games earlier this year against Georgia, Fiji and Tonga.
""The World Cup was a very big disappointment, we should have achieved a lot more but unfortunately we didn't,"" said 46-year-old Ieremia ahead of a two-match tour this autumn.
After France on Saturday, Samoa go to Georgia against whom they drew 19-19 earlier this year.
""Obviously, we are trying to rebuild and move forward. In the November Test matches we have an opportunity to play tier 1 countries like France.
""For my point of view it's very exciting, especially because we have many players in Europe, in the UK and here in France, it's an opportunity for us to showcase what we can do collectively as Samoa.""
However, Samoa have already suffered one setback before a ball is kicked with fly-half Tusi Pisi ruled out for up to 12 weeks after sustaining a groin injury playing for Bristol in a Premiership match last month.
They will also have history against them against Guy Noves' France on Saturday -- they have lost all three Tests they have played against the French.
""We want to win. Our performance and the way we play against France is very important. I think that the exciting thing about Saturday is we are trying to rebuild and France is trying to rebuild.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
165502,"Oscars: Mike De Luca & Jennifer Todd On The Challenge Of Producing The Academy Awards – “It Will Be Like A Baptism By Fire” Pete Hammond Pin it Share Michael De Luca and Jennifer Todd , both accomplished movie producers, realize that their new gig as the just announced producing team of the 89th Annual Academy Awards is going to be something neither has done on this scale before.”This is sort of baptism by fire, but there are no real live TV shows opportunities for film producers beside sporting events, awards or concerts. This is the best one but it is definitely baptism by fire, ” laughed De Luca when I spoke the him and Todd today about their plans and hopes for this year’s Oscar show. It is no shotgun marriage, as some Oscar Producer pairings have been in the past including last year’s team of Reginald Hudlin and David Hill, because they actually have worked together in this sector producing the 2016 Producers Guild Awards. “The PGA show was live, although not televised, but it was a live show so it was a good warm up for us in learning about that, and making a show run on time as well as where to spend the extra time on glamour or entertainment,” added Todd who may also have a movie in the mix this year with next month’s release of Ben Affleck’s Live By Night which Warner Bros is campaigning. Of course De Luca is no stranger to that aspect of the Oscars having been nominated three times for Best Picture with The Social Network, Moneyball and Captain Phillips. There has been much speculation in the trades and elsewhere about the seeming delay in setting producers, and by extension a host, for this year’s big show which airs Sunday February 26th on ABC. De Luca actually told me well over a year ago that he and Todd would eventually be interested in producing the Oscar show, and so it has come to be. “I think we told just about everybody that we wanted to do it, ” he laughed adding that this year they had their sights set on it early. “We started thinking about it really after last year’s PGA awards. The Academy and ABC have their process and they knew we were interested so we kind of waited to get the call. We interviewed and it worked out for us.” It is known that ABC asked for and apparently got more input into the show with their new contract with the Academy, and ABC’s Ben Sherwood has already publicly thrown support for his late night star Jimmy Kimmel to host. But De Luca says they have gotten no indication of any pressure from the network, only good vibes. “We had a wonderful meeting with Ben Sherwood and (ABC President ) Channing Dungey the other day. But it is in early stages. They seem like great partners, so supportive , and really seem to have a great relationship with the Academy. We are all in this together. It is beginning days but we are looking forward to the collaboration with ABC, ” De Luca said. As for a host,Kimmel (who just did the Emmys for ABC) aside , there are no shortage of names and we hear ABC wants a major one. The new producers are just jumping into it now. “We have our long list and are throwing every name on it and will work down from there. It is an all inclusive list right now where any idea is a good idea. We know we have to work quickly, ” Todd says. “I am older than Jen. I grew up with Johnny Carson, ” said De Luca offering praise for that iconic Oscar show host who did it from 1979 through 1984. “I am not so old that I remember Bob Hope. I loved the Billy Crystal years. I love when Steve Martin did it. I love Ellen. We are definitely going to try and find a funny person, a comic actor or a comedian. Someone who can riff and improv and roll with the situations. It should be the person you want to invite into your living room and spend a few hours with, someone who could make you laugh. I think that is so important for a joyous show, ” he said while offering no names or making specific comment when I brought up Sherwood’s suggestion of Kimmel. I threw out the idea of teaming Steve Martin with his buddy and sometimes partner, Martin Short as I do every year. “Who could argue that?” said De Luca. It is likely the Academy and ABC may also be looking to hit a younger and more diverse demo so I am sure you can probably expect names like Kevin Hart to be on that long list. Tom Hanks, an Academy Governor, has often been mentioned but it has never happened. He also is not a comedian which is what De Luca seems to want. As for the show itself, the pair said they want to merge a movie-centric approach with entertainment. “We are going to combine them both, ” said De Luca.” Movies have to be front and center. It is not the Tony Awards but I think there is a place for musical numbers that tie into the theme of the evening, and obviously a lot will be dictated by what the nominated songs will be, but it’s about movies and that is what we are putting front and center.” Todd adds they have only talked so far in broad strokes about themes and ideas in that regard. Read More As for the elephant in the room, that being diversity and the #OscarsSoWhite protests that have rocked the Academy the past couple of years when only white actors filled the 20 acting nominations, how the show will be affected by the Academy’s nominees this year is not in the producers hands, but they are clearly aware of it. And they are both voters. “It concerns me on a life level. Everything should reflect the country as it is, the world as it is. Recognizing diversity in our lives and the world really has to start with people making certain movies and TV shows, ” said De Luca. ” The Oscars or the Emmys or any of these awards shows are after the fact. I thought it was great the Academy changed its membership rules, and the membership is starting to look more diverse, but I think the issue of entertainment that absolutely reflects the world in which we live is bigger than one year and one Oscar telecast. It is bigger than individual nominees. It is how we tell stories, and i think now we are on a track where at least the conversation is happening. We need to encourage, by all ways and means that are at our disposal, diversity in storytelling, and then the nominations will take care of themselves. “ Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
170477,"Shares in Paddy Power Betfair rose over 3% early on Friday (4 November), after the bookmaking giant lifted its profit forecast for the full year, boosted by currency tailwinds and by a strong performance during Euro 2016. The group said it expects its core earnings to be in a range between £390m and £405m, compared with initial guidance of between £365m and £385m.
In addition, expected synergies from the merger of Paddy Power and Betfair, which was completed in February, are expected to be £35m rather than £30m.
The company reported a 25% year-on-year increase in sales to £404m in the third quarter, which received a £28m boost from the translation of non-UK revenue due to the weakness of the pound in three months after the Brexit referendum.
Underlying operating profits soared 68% to £95m, while on a constant currency basis revenues rose 15% year-on-year, with net revenue from the sporting division also up 15% to £316m and revenue from the gaming business 14% higher than in the corresponding period last year to £88m.
The company added its performance at Euro 2016 was also responsible for the upbeat figures, with a ""strong conclusion"" to the tournament helping the group to bring its total revenue to £38m for the whole tournament.
""This was another good quarter for Paddy Power Betfair,"" said group chief executive Breon Corcoran.
""Work is underway to combine the best of Betfair and Paddy Power's technology into a multi-brand, multi- channel, multi-jurisdictional platform that will start to unlock the full potential of the group's scale and will lead to increased pace of development and faster roll out of new products.""
Related Articles 
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney warns of 'lower real income' growth British Airways owner has 'no confidence' Heathrow runway can be built within budget Lufthansa cuts growth forecast amid strikes and dampening demand Paddy Power Betfair lifts earnings forecast as profit soars after strong Euro 2016 display",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
72529,"Rio de Janeiro (AFP) - Police in Rio launched a vast operation Sunday in the notorious western slum known as the City of God, a day after four police officers died when their helicopter crashed there during a security sweep. The security chief for the state of Rio, Roberto Sa, described the operation, which includes an armored vehicle, as being open-ended, according to the G1 information site.
At least two people have so far been arrested and one wounded, police said, adding that drugs and weapons had been seized.
The crash took place late Saturday when the police, supported by helicopters hovering overhead, entered the densely populated area after drug traffickers blocked a major road, setting fire to trash and old tires, according to police sources.
Investigators hope to determine whether the helicopter was struck by ground fire or suffered a malfunction, but Sa emphasized that the craft ""was not armored"" and was mechanically ""in good condition,"" G1 reported.
Rio, which is home to 6.5 million people and drastic social inequality, suffers from high levels of criminality, made worse by heavily armed gangs of narcotraffickers, but also by the presence of paramilitary militias.
The intelligence services have reported a turf fight between the militia of the Gardenia favela, or slum, and drug traffickers in the City of God, Sa said, adding that ""we're investigating this.""
Since 2008, the local government has moved to regain control of several favelas that had been in the hands of drug traffickers for 30 years: some 40 specialized Police Pacification Units, or PPUs, were established in 264 favelas, home to more than 1.5 million people, to improve security ahead of the 2014 World Cup of soccer and the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Nearly 10,000 police officers were deployed in these areas. But drug traffickers and militias have been fighting to regain control of certain favelas.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
76116,"BANGKOK (AP) — A look at recent developments in the South China Sea, where China is pitted against smaller neighbors in multiple disputes over islands, coral reefs and lagoons in waters crucial for global commerce and rich in fish and potential oil and gas reserves: ___
EDITOR'S NOTE: This is a weekly look at the latest key developments in the South China Sea, home to several territorial conflicts that have raised tensions in the region.
___
VIETNAM UPGRADES ITS ISLAND HOLDING
Satellite imagery suggests Vietnam has extended a runway and constructed new hangars on one of the disputed Spratly islands it controls, apparently enabling it to accommodate surveillance aircraft there.
As in the past, Hanoi has not commented on the imagery provided by the Center for Strategic and International Studies . The think tank says the construction is modest in comparison to rival claimant China's massive island-building on seven Spratly features.
China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang on Friday demanded Vietnam stop construction ""on China's territory."" And in a meeting with Vietnam's President Tran Dai Quang on the sidelines of an Asia-Pacific summit in Peru, Chinese President Xi Jinping said the two neighbors should solve disputes bilaterally by ""shelving differences and engaging in joint development."" That's Beijing's oft-repeated formula that both Vietnam and the Philippines appear to be adopting after years of a more confrontational approach to China's territorial ambitions.
The runway on Spratly Island, one of five Vietnamese bases in the region, has been extended from less than 2,500 feet — the shortest of any claimant's — to about 3,300 feet, and continued reclamation will likely make it more than 4,000 feet long.
The new facilities can easily accommodate the Vietnamese air force's Polish-made PZL M28 ""Skytruck"" light cargo planes, used for maritime surveillance, and its CASA C-295 twin-turboprop military transport plane, CSIS said. By contrast, China's three largest man-made islands have enough hangar space for 24 fighter jets each.
___
CHINA FIRST AIRCRAFT CARRIER READY FOR COMBAT
China's first aircraft carrier is ready to engage in combat, marking a milestone for a navy that has invested heavily in its ability to project power far from China's shores.
The Liaoning 's political commissar, Senior Capt. Li Dongyou, said in an interview with the Global Times newspaper that his ship is ""constantly prepared to fight against enemies,"" signaling a change from its past status as a platform for testing and training. Purchased as an incomplete hull from Ukraine more than a decade ago, the Liaoning was commissioned in 2013.
China hasn't described specifically how it intends to use the Liaoning, but it is seen as helping reinforce China's increasingly assertive claims in the South China Sea in the face of challenges from the U.S. Navy and others.
Li said the ship's combat capabilities still lag behind U.S. carriers, but its training and maintenance operations have been praised by senior Pentagon officials who have visited during military exchanges.
___
US PACIFIC COMMANDER SAYS NO CHANGE IN EXERCISES WITH PHILIPPINES
The commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, Adm. Harry Harris, said he was concerned with China's assertiveness in the South China Sea and the East China Sea as he headed to the Philippines last week to discuss the next round of joint exercises.
The drills remained on schedule despite Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's threat to cancel them amid signs of animosity toward the U.S. They might be scaled down, however.
Harris said U.S. special operations forces are still advising Philippine troops in counterterrorism, U.S. surveillance aircraft have continued rotational deployments at Clark Air Base covering the South China Sea and plans for enhanced defense cooperation, agreed to by the previous Philippine administration, remain on track.
Despite tensions in the South China Sea, where the U.S. Navy has carried out its fourth freedom-of-navigation exercise last month by sailing close to a China-occupied island, Harris said that the military-to-military relationship with Beijing ""on one level is actually good.""
He also said that the U.S. Army should be able to deploy surface-to-ship missiles in the Western Pacific, where they could place at risk potential adversaries in the South and East China seas.
""I think it is an important concept, and we ought to be thinking about it as we figure out how to maintain that edge over our adversaries in the region,"" he said.
___
OUTSPOKEN CHINESE GENERAL DISCUSSES SOUTH CHINA SEA IN AUSTRALIA
Australia's ABC network has reported that one of China's most outspoken and powerful generals, Wang Jiaocheng, held a series of meetings with defense officials in Canberra last week.
ABC said the talks in Australia's capital included China's rapid military expansion in the South China Sea, over which Canberra has repeatedly expressed concern.
Earlier this year, Wang was placed in charge of the People's Liberation Army's Southern Theater Command, which looks after the South China Sea region. In February, he warned that China was capable of fighting to defend its sovereignty in the waterway, saying: ""No country will be allowed to use any excuse or action to threaten China's sovereignty and safety.""
A former Australian deputy defense secretary, Peter Jennings, said Australia can expect to come under pressure from President-elect Donald Trump's administration to start its own freedom of navigation missions challenging China's territorial claims in the South China Sea.
""For over a year now we've been saying that this is a vital Australian national security interest, yet we've declined to send a ship through the region,"" said Jennings, who heads the Australian Strategic Policy Institute.
___
Associated Press writers Christopher Bodeen in Beijing and Matthew Pennington in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
___
Follow Hrvoje Hranjski at www.twitter.com/hatbangkok",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
100670,"Jennifer Lopez and her daughter are totally matching in this adorable post Channing Sargent More Jennifer Lopez shared a pic of her and her daughter and we can’t even . Too cute. What is this Hello Kitty Instagram filter, and how do we get it?? 8 year old Emme Maribel Muñiz is JLo’s daughter with her ex, Marc Anthony, with whom she’s currently making some to die for music . In the pic, Emme sits with momma, wearing matching pink Hello Kitty spectacles. But, they look digital. As in, not actually physically real. We can’t tell. But we want. They both have the cutest, sweetest smiles, the brightest, most gorge eyes. These two are definitely cut from the same cloth. Emme has a twin brother, Maximilian David Muñiz, who is every bit as freaking totally adorable as she. Just, come on with this family. We can’t deal. Can genes get any better than this? Maximilian looks so much like his dad. Marc Anthony is currently divorcing from his wife of two years, Shannon de Lima. The announcement happened right after Anthony and Lopez kissed at the Latin Grammy Awards . But, de Lima’s friends say JLo’s got nothing to do with the split. Sounds like the couple had a tough time adjusting to Anthony’s busy schedule and the lack of privacy that comes with his stardom. We totally get it. And yet, we can’t help but hold out hope for a reunion of this familia hermosa . Marc + JLo 4eva.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
329286,"By Laila Kearney (Reuters) - Five students were stabbed inside a Utah high school boys' locker room on Tuesday before the 16-year-old male suspect turned the weapon on himself, school officials said.
The incident at Mountain View High School in Orem, Utah, occurred just before 8 a.m. MT (10 a.m. ET) as the students were getting ready for a physical education class. It prompted a brief lockdown of the school, the Alpine School District said in a statement.
The stabbing suspect was subdued by a stun gun and apprehended by a school resource officer. He and the victims were transported to local hospitals, the district said.
The victims suffered wounds to their necks and upper torsos, Orem police chief Gary Giles told a news conference. The weapon was a knife with a 3-inch blade and the condition of the victims ranged from fair to critical, he added.
Giles said police had yet to determine a motive and said they would not release the names of the students involved because they are juveniles.
The suspect was described as a sophomore who had joined the school only this year after previously being home schooled. He was a straight-A student who had no prior disciplinary issues, the district's Kimberly Bird said.
Students will be released to their parents later in the day, police said.
(Reporting by Laila Kearney and Rory Carroll; Editing by Alan Crosby and Dan Grebler)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
206882,"By Lewis Krauskopf (Reuters) - The S&P 500 ended lower on Friday for a ninth straight day, the longest losing streak for the benchmark index in more than 35 years, as investors stayed on edge ahead of an uncertain U.S. election.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq also ended lower for a ninth-consecutive session, while the Dow industrials closed down for a seventh straight day.
Investors have been unnerved by signs of a tightening presidential race between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump.
Clinton had been thought to have a clear lead until the re-emergence last week of a controversy over her use of a private email server while secretary of state.
""Investors are uncertain about the outcome of the election, and they have grown more uncertain since last Friday,"" said Walter Todd, chief investment officer with Greenwood Capital in Greenwood, South Carolina.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 42.39 points, or 0.24 percent, to 17,888.28, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 3.48 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,085.18 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 12.04 points, or 0.24 percent, to 5,046.37.
Despite the historic run, the S&P has pulled back by only about 3.1 percent over that time. For the year, the index is up 2 percent.
It was the 14th time since 1928 that the S&P 500 had declined for nine sessions in a row, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
On Friday, Wall Street had posted solid gains as of the afternoon, spurred by a strong U.S. employment report, but then lost steam and sold off into the close.
""Obviously the big concern this week has been the shift in the polls in the election. We did have a bounce for a period of time, but when it didn't hold and people just decided to liquidate going into the close to reduce exposure in case any more news hits over the weekend,"" said Michael O’Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.
""There's a lot of headline risk out there.""
U.S. employers maintained a strong pace of hiring in October and boosted wages for workers, the Labor Department reported on Friday. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 161,000 jobs last month amid gains in construction, healthcare and professional and business services.
While that was below economists' forecast for growth of 175,000 jobs, solid labour market fundamentals were underscored by revisions to August and September data, which showed 44,000 more jobs created than previously reported.
""The upward revisions over the last two months suggest that the overall picture is continued job growth,"" said Kate Warne, investment strategist with Edward Jones in St. Louis. ""That means that consumers have more money and that should continue to support economic growth.""
Higher-than-expected quarterly profits from biotech company Regeneron and health insurer Humana lifted those companies' shares, along with the S&P healthcare sector <.SPXHC>, which rose 0.8 percent on Friday.
Consumer staples <.SPLRCS> were the worst-performing group, falling 1 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.06-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.09-to-1 ratio favoured advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 4 new 52-week highs and 15 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 32 new highs and 148 new lows.
About 7.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 6.6 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
(Additional reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch in New York and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Dan Grebler)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
130786,"Happy 25th Anniversary, 'My Girl'! What the Coming-of-Age Flick Taught Us About Growing Up Emily Krauser Pin it Share It's hard to believe that it's been 25 years since the story of precocious, death-obsessed Vada Sultenfuss forever warmed our hearts in My Girl . The classic flick told the story of 11-year-old Vada's (Anna Chlumsky) summer in 1972, introducing us to her ""allergic to everything"" best friend, Thomas J. Sennett (Macaulay Culkin), funeral-owner father Harry Sultenfuss (Dan Akroyd), and makeup artist-turned-dad's girlfriend (and then Harry's wife in the sequel, My Girl 2 ), Shelly (Jamie Lee Curtis). WATCH: Jamie Lee Curtis and Anna Chlumsky's Have a 'My Girl' Reunion at the 2015 Emmys! My Girl was (and let's be honest, still is) the Stand By Me for '90s tween girls, a coming-of-age drama we understood was about us too. Vada talked like a tiny adult who was just trying to learn more about her late mother, navigate her father's new love life, and drag Thomas on adventures. After all, the beloved flick taught us plenty about navigating all the best and strangest parts about growing up, including how sweet a first kiss can be: (Fun fact: This sweet smooch between BFFs Thomas and Vada was Culkin's first kiss ever.) Tricks to being the coolest kid in the neighborhood: Both how to terrify your parents when you're going through puberty and then terrify yourself because you're going through puberty: The joys of PMS.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
282917,"Arbil (Iraq) (AFP) - They were threatened, forced to spit on a crucifix or convert to Islam, but a handful of Iraqi Christians miraculously survived more than two years under Islamic State group rule. When the jihadists swept across the Nineveh Plain in northern Iraq in August 2014 and told Christians to convert, pay tax, leave or die, around 120,000 of them fled.
Now that Iraqi forces have retaken many of those areas around the city of Mosul, stories are emerging of those who did not get a chance to leave and faced one of the three other options.
Ismail Matti was 14 when IS militants stormed his hometown of Bartalla, east of Mosul.
He waited for relatives who had already fled to come back for him and his sick mother, Jandar Nasi, but nobody did.
They tried to flee in taxis but were turned around twice by IS and ended up in a Mosul prison.
""There were Shiite people crammed in a cell next to ours -- they took one, shot him in the head and dragged his body in front of us,"" he said.
""They told my mother the same thing would happen to me if we refused to convert. So we converted,"" Ismail recounted from a church-run shelter in the Kurdish capital Arbil.
The pair went back to Bartalla and were then sent to the village of Shurikhan, on the western outskirts of Mosul.
""All our neighbours were Daesh,"" he said, using an Arab acronym for IS. ""They would come to check if I was following the sharia (Islamic law).""
- Reign of terror -
""If they found that I hadn't been to the mosque to pray, I sometimes got lashes,"" Ismail said.
He suffered the same fate in their next temporary home in Bazwaya, east of Mosul.
Ismail would sometimes get food from friendly residents but his mother never left the house.
Jandar, who suffers from chronic migraines, was reluctant to tell their story as she sat quietly on a bed in the Arbil shelter.
Her dark, haunted gaze sometimes suddenly changed into a broad, loving smile directed at her son, as he recounted their odyssey under IS's reign of terror.
""This boy is the most beautiful gift ever. He and God and Mary saved us from death. We will always be together,"" she said.
Zarifa Bakoos Daddo stayed in Qaraqosh, once Iraq's largest Christian town, with her sick 90-year-old husband when IS vehicles hurtled in.
""On a Wednesday, his condition worsened, we took him to hospital. On the Thursday he was dead,"" said Zarifa, a 77-year-old with gnarled hands and decaying teeth.
She lived through more than two years of IS occupation of Qaraqosh in a house with her elderly friend Badriya.
""All that time I stayed with Badriya, we didn't see any of our people, only those fellows,"" Zarifa said of the IS militants.
""They would bring us food occasionally, leaving it at the door,"" she said.
""The older men used to tell us not to worry, that we were like sisters to them, but the younger ones were troublesome.""
- Told to convert -
They were briefly taken to a prison in Mosul and held there with divorced women and widows, but eventually brought back to their house in Qaraqosh.
""One day, one of them came asking for money and gold. He poked his rifle into my ribs and said 'You have to give to us',"" she said.
Zarifa handed over the $300 she had and Badriya gave some 15-carat gold.
""One time, a young one, maybe 20 or 21, came and said we should convert. I told him we had our beliefs and they had theirs,"" she recalled.
""He told me to spit on a picture of the Virgin Mary and a crucifix. I refused but he made me. The whole time I was telling God in my heart that I did not mean any of this,"" she said.
""I knew God heard me because he tried to burn the picture and his lighter didn't work,"" she said, to laughter from her family in their Arbil home.
When Iraqi forces pushed into Qaraqosh late last month, she remained trapped in the house with Badriya and no food.
The security forces found them several days after retaking the town.
""The whole time I prayed for my people, for the town, and also for these Daesh members, that God may open their hearts,"" she said.
The illiterate widow, whose first language is a Syriac dialect, said the joy of being reunited with her relatives had already erased her suffering.
""My Arabic got better from being around them, so something came out of it, thank God.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
254083,"By Gina Cherelus (Reuters) - The city of Orlando, Florida, may buy the Pulse nightclub where 49 people were killed in June, and officials hope to turn it into a memorial to the victims of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, the city's mayor said on Tuesday.
Members of Orlando's City Council are due to vote on Monday on whether to approve an agreement between the city and Pulse's owner to purchase the dance club for $2.25 million.
""This location is now a permanent part of Orlando's history. It's the site of the most tragic event that has ever occurred in the city,"" Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer said in a statement.
""With the city owning the property, we can engage in a public process to determine the future of the Pulse property and building,"" Dyer said.
Omar Mateen, a 29-year-old claiming allegiance to the Islamic State militant group, opened fire inside Pulse on June 12 before being killed by police after a three-hour standoff. Fifty-three people were also wounded.
If the council votes to approve the purchase, city officials will begin assessing their options before the sale closes on Dec. 30, according to Dyer's statement.
Dyer said in a separate video posted on the city's website on Tuesday that local officials do not know yet exactly what type of memorial will be created.
""We do know we want to maintain it as is for a period of time, 12 to 18 months, so that people from around the country and world who want to visit the site can do so,"" Dyer said.

(Reporting by Gina Cherelus in New York; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Cynthia Osterman)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
91090,"By Robin Emmott BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Parliament on Tuesday backed an EU plan to deepen coordination of member states' defense policies and rely less on the United States, driven in part by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's suggestion he may scale back protection of NATO allies.
EU lawmakers voted 369-255 in favor of plans to increase European spending on military missions, as well as developing and sharing assets like helicopters. There were 70 abstentions.
While the parliament's backing is not binding on European governments, it represents a sign of cross-party political support for the European Union to pursue its most ambitious defense plan in decades after years of spending cuts.
""Our Union is not equipped to face overwhelming defense challenges,"" said liberal lawmaker Urmas Paet, a former Estonian foreign minister who drew up the resolution put to the parliament in Strasbourg. ""Europe continues to rely heavily on NATO capabilities and on U.S. solidarity,"" he said.
The EU defense plan proposed in September by France and Germany had been months in the making, but Britain's vote in June to leave the EU and Trump's election on Nov. 8 have lent extra momentum to the initiative.
During his election campaign, Trump questioned whether the United States should protect allies seen as spending too little on their defense, raising fears that he could withdraw funding for NATO at a time of heightened tensions with Russia.
Britain has blocked plans for joint EU defense for years, objecting to a European army run from Brussels. France, which along with Britain is Europe's main military power, now sees an opportunity with Germany to push a so-called Common Defence Union, while stressing that this is not an ""EU army"".
The European Parliament, which has a say in how much of the EU budget can be used to fund defense research, saw resistance to the Franco-German plan from eurosceptic, far-right lawmakers who have good relations with Russia, and from the far-left, who are against military spending in general.
But the U.S. election and broader concerns about Europe's ability to maintain its citizens' security at a time of growing instability in North Africa and a more assertive Russia helped garner support from centrists, lawmakers said.
""The Americans will not care about security in Europe for the long term,"" said German center-right lawmaker Michael Gahler. ""The outcome of the U.S. election ... makes building up European defense capabilities even more urgent.""
EU leaders are expected to discuss the joint defense plans at a summit in Brussels in December, before tasking their governments and EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini to flesh out the proposals.
Ideas include creating a new planning headquarters to oversee training missions, deploying military crisis-response forces, working together to develop new weapons systems and annual reviews of defense spending across the bloc.
The EU insists it is not duplicating NATO, but wants to be able to act independently of the U.S.-led military alliance when necessary. NATO has so far welcomed measures that would strengthen European defenses, given that 22 EU nations also belong to the alliance.
(Reporting by Robin Emmott; editing by Mark Heinrich)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
268945,"1 / 22 Wedding registry items illustration 
You've only got space for the good stuff, so wedding experts and brides weigh in on what to keep off the list. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
307031,"The Zoe Report November 14, 2016 It’s no secret we’re obsessed with the effortless style and beauty of French women. There is, however, one other important thing for which they seem to possess an innate talent, and that is charming the opposite sex (to such an extent that the book He’s Just Not That Into You was met with blank stares when it attempted to repeat its American success on French shores). To gain further insight into the phenomenon that is French romance, and the power women seem to exercise within it, we called What French Women Know: About Love, Sex, and Other Matters of the Heart and Mind author Debra Ollivier for a little heart-to-heart on the subject. The American—who spent a dozen years in France and met and married her (French) husband there— blew our minds. Here’s what she told us about French women and their interactions with men, including some tips on changing our very mindsets about love, marriage and all the rest. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
244600,"TORONTO (AP) — Madeleine Thien has won the Scotiabank Giller Prize for her novel ""Do Not Say We Have Nothing."" The win caps many accolades for the Canadian writer, who was shortlisted for the prestigious Man Booker Prize and recently received Canada's Governor General's Literary Award for fiction.
""Do Not Say We Have Nothing"" is set in China before, during and after the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. It's about Chinese musicians who are studying Western classical music in the 1960s, and explores the revolution that occurred under Mao Zedong.
The $100,000 Canadian dollar ($75,000) Giller prize honors the best in Canadian fiction. Past winners have included Margaret Atwood, Mordecai Richler and Alice Munro.
The Giller was created in 1994 by businessman Jack Rabinovitch in memory of his late wife, literary journalist Doris Giller.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
118914,"Evan Rachel Wood Reveals Sexual Assault: 'The Trauma of a Few Minutes Can Turn Into a Lifetime of Fighting' Leena Tailor Pin it Share Evan Rachel Wood has revealed that she was sexually assaulted twice and hopes other victims of abuse will not stay silent. In a new interview with Rolling Stone , the Westworld star shares how she experienced ""physical, psychological, sexual,"" abuse in the past. EXCLUSIVE: Evan Rachel Wood Opens Up About Motherhood ""Yes, I've been raped. By a significant other while we were together,"" the 29-year-old actress told the magazine in an email sent following the interview, which she then posted on Twitter. ""And on a separate occasion, by the owner of a bar. The first time I was I unsure that if it was done by a partner it was in fact rape, until too late. And the second time, I thought it was my fault and that I should have fought back more, but I was scared."" While Woods says the ordeal ""still affects"" her, she was reluctant to go public with her story because she didn't want to be the center of a sob story. However, she now believes it's crucial that victims of abuse aren't shamed into silence. ""I will not be ashamed. I will also not project some false idea of being completely over it because 'I am so strong,'"" she writes. ""I don't believe we live in a time where people can stay silent any longer. Not given the state our world is in with its blatant bigotry and sexism."" ""I am alive. I am happy. I am strong. But I am still not ok,"" she continues. ""It's important for survivors to own that, and that the pressure to just get over it already, should be lifted. It will remind people of that damage that has been done and how the trauma of a few minutes can turn into a lifetime of fighting for yourself."" Well, since everything is out in the open now, figured I would share the confession letter I wrote to @RollingStone in its entirety. #NotOk pic.twitter.com/0FSP1gsE36 — #EvanRachelWould (@evanrachelwood) November 28, 2016 The star adds that she believes being bisexual may have led to the alleged attacks. ""Bisexuality is worthy of eye rolls,"" she says, in the interview. ""And I didn't realize how damaging that was until I tried to have healthy relationships as an adult and realized that there was still all this shame and conditioning and stigma around my sexuality that was really affecting the way I related to people. I think I was taken advantage of because someone knew there was something about me that they could exploit."" NEWS: Evan Rachel Wood Opens Up About Her Bisexuality Wood says going public with her sexuality has helped matters, as has her 3-year-old son (with actor and ex-husband, Jamie Bell ), who ""got me out of my own sh*t. I just couldn't be what I was not."" The actress also gets candid about having her parents divorce when she was nine, attempting to end her life at 22 -- ""the best-worst thing that ever happened 'cause it did not work""-- and being thrust into the spotlight while dating singer Marilyn Manson. Wood says the relationship led to people ""[calling] me a whore when I walked down the street,"" but she was drawn to the ""danger"" of the romance. NEWS: Evan Rachel Wood Opens Up About Ex-Fiance Marilyn Manson ""I met somebody that promised freedom and expression and no judgments,"" she explains. ""And I was craving danger and excitement. I looked at my mother and said, 'Mom, I'm gonna get on this tour bus for eight months and see the world and have a crazy journey and find myself, and if people aren't OK with that, I'm sorry, but I can't live my life for other people.'"" See the actress talk more about her son in the video below. Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
99544,"Yahoo Music November 23, 2016 A big nasty wrecking ball swung smack into Team Miley on Tuesday’s Voice top 11 results show, when two of Miley Cyrus’s contestants, Aaron Gibson and Darby Walker, were up for elimination — the day before Miley’s 24th birthday, yet. “Thanks, America. Greatest birthday eve ever, putting my team in the bottom two. Wack !” Miley joked at first. But then Miley got serious. And she got inspirational. Tears were shed. Nuggets of Smiler wisdom, way more moving than any of the lyrics from “The Climb,” were dispensed. And Miley showed that, perhaps more than any other coach in Voice history, she genuinely cares. “Life isn’t easy and doesn’t care about birthdays, and this is the way it is…. To me, winning is living my truth, being who I am, and being happy. And as long as you’re those things, don’t worry about it,” she proclaimed, as audience erupted in applause. Later, Miley told her mini-me protégé Darby, as both ladies’ eyes watered: “I really do want people to be themselves. Thank you for always being yourself, because that’s the most important thing.” She also sweetly told Aaron, whose ego was probably taking a beating after landing in the bottom two for a second consecutive week: “I just want to take this opportunity to tell you — not just me as a coach, but these other talented coaches that we respect so much — we thought you had one of the best performances of the night last night.” More applause ensued. So, which contestant avoided elimination and will stick around to celebrate Miley’s birthday this week? Darby attempted to stay in the game by simply warbling the Ellie Goulding version of Elton John’s “Your Song” in a stately emerald green gown and Veronica Lake waves — a drastic departure from Monday’s kooky, crimped-haired, rainbow-bright “You Don’t Own Me” spectacle. This last-minute 180 was ironic, after Miley’s big pep talk about “being yourself” — because I think Darby’s dilemma all season was she never seemed 100 percent authentic. Viewers were still waiting for the real Darby to please stand up. Was the real Darby Walker the cutesy girl in the floral grandma vest from the Blind Auditions, or the Flaming Lippy hippie in the neon fun-fur coat, or the more elegant and conservative Darby that we saw tonight? And was that Florence Welch impersonation really her natrual, God-given voice? Darby kept America guessing. And in the end, unfortunately, I think she just left America confused. Then Aaron gave it another go and tried to buck the odds, rasping his way through George Ezra’s “Budapest.” While the jaunty acoustic ditty suited Aaron’s gruff, folksy style, it was a bit peppier than the hangdog-faced singer’s mopey Father John Misty and NIN covers, which may have alienated some viewers in the past. So this was a smart song choice, and it dramatically slanted the Twitter votes in Aaron’s favor — a whopping 73 percent to Darby’s embarrassing 27, which just might be a Voice Instant Save landslide record. Sadly, I have a feeling this won’t be Miley’s only tearful results night of Season 11. Despite Aaron’s 73 percent victory this Tuesday, his chances of making it to the finale are slim to none at this point. The fact that he could have a respectable iTunes chart showing this week at #39 with “Hurt” — many notches above more obvious frontrunners like Christian Cuevas (#114) and Josh Gallagher (#79), and almost tied with golden child Wé McDonald (#34) — and still fail to secure enough popular votes doesn’t bode very well for his future on this show. And even Team Miley’s star player, Ali Caldwell, faltered this week: She was the one contestant to not even crack the iTunes top 200. (Wow, what a difference a week — and a song choice, in this case the hokey “9 to 5” — can make. Ali’s magnificent Leonard Cohen cover was the standout performance of last week.) However, if Miley gets knocked out of the competition before the finale, she clearly has the right attitude, and her heart is in the right place. “Your job as a coach is to avoid this moment at all costs, but it is also to give these young artists something they can take away and use,” she told Darby and Aaron this Tuesday. “And you can’t always use your falsetto, honey, you can’t always use the low notes — but you can always smile at someone and make their day. I hope you always do that.” Consider me a card-carrying Smiler after this bittersweet yet unexpectedly feelgood episode. See you next week.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
264409,"InStyle November 11, 2016 'Tis the season to embrace all things full of glitter and shimmer. There's no better way to get into the holiday spirit adding a little bit of sparkle to your nearest and dearests' beauty regimens. Not only does the following set of beauty gifts sparkle on the outside, their formulas are equally as luminous. From glitter-infused body oil, to rose gold curling irons, any recipient's face will light up when they unwrap one of these beauty buys. We've rounded up 12 eye-catching gifts that will capture the attention of any beauty lover on your list. VIDEO: How to Wear Glitter Makeup Like An Adult Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
68340,"Tom Holland dressed up as Spider-Man and brought Zendaya to visit children in a hospital and our hearts are melting Briana Hansen Pin it Share More We just got (another) sneak peek at Tom Holland’s Spider-Man after he visited children in a New York hospital to lift their spirits. We already knew that Tom would be a spectacular Peter Parker, thanks to his awesome cameo in Captain America: Civil War. But seeing him willing to take on the character just to bring a smile to deserving children’s faces is making our hearts melt. Tom Holland and Zendaya visited New York-Presbyterian hospital together to bring extra happiness this Thanksgiving season. While Zendaya was just her normal (and totally badass) self , Tom opted to wear the full Spider-Man outfit. Everyone involved was clearly loving every minute of this experience. Tom (as Spider-Man) happily greets one little boy who seems delighted by his company in this video. Tom decides to take off his mask and reveal his true self, only to have the little boy tell him he prefers Batman in a pretty hilarious moment. To be fair, the boy was sporting a Batman shirt, so at least he was staying true to his choices. Despite their supposed differences, the two got along splendidly. Tom and Zendaya were joined by another Spider-Man: Homecoming star, Jacob Batalon. Together, they visited many other hospitalized kids. The event was orchestrated by Lollipop Theater, an organization dedicated to “ bringing movie magic to hospitalized children nationwide. ” It seems like Tom, Zendaya, Jacob and everyone else involved in making this movie magic a reality enjoyed themselves immensely. We still have to wait until July 7th of 2017 to see more of Tom as Spider-Man. But at least we know he’s already practicing to be a superhero IRL.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
47751,"SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea's parliament has passed a law that would allow a special prosecutor to investigate a corruption scandal threatening the presidency of Park Geun-hye. The opposition-controlled National Assembly also on Thursday voted for a parliamentary investigation into allegations that Park allowed a secretive confidante to manipulate power from the shadows and amass an illicit fortune.
The law on an independent investigation comes as state prosecutors prepare to indict Park's friend by Sunday. Prosecutors are also seeking to question Park but her lawyer has asked for more time.
Park has apologized for letting her friend Choi Soon-sil edit some of her draft speeches and for the public anger caused by the scandal. But she has not commented on the most damning accusations that she let Choi manipulate government affairs.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
162269,"Share View photos New York mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner and his wife Huma Abedin attend a news conference in New York, U.S. on July 23, 2013. REUTERS/Eric Thayer/File Photo More (Reuters) - Disgraced former U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner has checked into a rehab facility that treats sex addiction, the DailyMail.com reported on Wednesday. The online version of the British newspaper said electronic devices are banned at the facility, which separates men from women and treats a range of addictions related to cyber sex, exhibitionism and anonymous sex and other acts. The facility was not named in the report. Reuters could not independently verify the report. Weiner could not be reached for comment. Federal prosecutors and New York police announced last month they were investigating Weiner following a separate report by the DailyMail.com that he engaged in sexually explicit cellphone and online messages with a 15-year-old girl from North Carolina. Weiner, 52, did not respond at the time to Reuters' requests for comment on the texting report but told the Associated Press last month that he had ""likely been the subject of a hoax."" An investigation into those messages also triggered a new FBI probe of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails, as some of her emails were found on a device related to the Weiner investigation, sources close to the matter said. Once a popular congressman, Weiner resigned in 2011 after saying he had accidentally sent a lewd picture over Twitter. Two years later, his campaign for New York City mayor was derailed after explicit photos he had sent under the pseudonym ""Carlos Danger"" to a young woman in Indiana surfaced. Weiner's wife, Huma Abedin, one of Clinton's top aides, said in August she was separating from her husband after yet another scandal. Abedin's announcement followed a New York Post report that Weiner had recently sent photos of his boxer-brief-clad genitals – one while he was in bed with their toddler son – via Twitter to another woman. An attorney for Abedin could not be reached on Wednesday to comment on the DailyMail.com report. (Reporting by Curtis Skinner in San Francisco; Editing by Bill Rigby) Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
297322,"NEW YORK (AP) — Mose Allison, a pianist and singer whose witty, southern-accented lyrics delivered over a backdrop of boogie-woogie blues and jazz piano won fans and influenced musicians across a wide spectrum, died Tuesday of natural causes. He was 89. His wife, Audre Allison, confirmed his death to The Associated Press.
Heavily influenced by jazz and by the blues he grew up listening to deep in the Mississippi Delta region Allison' had a hard style to define: too blue to be jazz, too jazz to be blues, with a little bit of country thrown in for good measure.
Born Nov. 11, 1927 in Tippo, Mississippi, Allison picked cotton and worked the fields at a young age, but started taking piano lessons in the first grade.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
47972,"Steve Bannon Denies White Nationalism, But Name-Checks Satan and Darth Vader More In his first major interview since being named Donald Trump’s chief adviser, Steve Bannon denied being a white nationalist, while name-dropping Dick Cheney, Darth Vader, and Satan. No, really. “Darkness is good,” he told The Hollywood Reporter media columnist Michael Wolff. “Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That’s power. It only helps us when they get it wrong. When they’re blind to who we are and what we’re doing.” Also Read: Rebranding Steve Bannon: Inside the PR Campaign to Rehab Trump Adviser's Image That feels like the kind of signature Bannon trolling he routinely dispenses to make liberals pull their hair out: Who exactly are “they” and “we” and what exactly are “we” doing? Was he expressing admiration for Cheney, Vader and Satan, or just how well they manage their brands? (Basil Exposition’s advice to Austin Powers applies here: “I suggest you don’t worry about this sort of thing and just enjoy yourself.” ) Breitbart News, where Bannon worked before joining Trump’s campaign, specializes in incendiary, provocative headlines, many of which have led to accusations that Bannon is racist, sexist and anti-semitic. Bannon responded to the accusations of bigotry in his interview with Wolff. “I’m not a white nationalist, I’m a nationalist. I’m an economic nationalist,” he said. “The globalists gutted the American working class and created a middle class in Asia. The issue now is about Americans looking to not get f—ed over. If we deliver we’ll get 60 percent of the white vote, and 40 percent of the black and Hispanic vote and we’ll govern for 50 years. That’s what the Democrats missed, they were talking to these people with companies with a $9 billion market cap employing nine people. It’s not reality. They lost sight of what the world is about.” Also Read: Steve Bannon Defender Lands in PR Crisis of His Own With 'Internment' Comments (Video) It’s notable that Bannon chose to talk to an entertainment trade publication instead of a more politically-focused news outlet like The New York Times, Washington Post or Politico. Did he think he would get a less critical reception? We don’t know. But we do know he spends a lot of time worrying about where stories promoting his agenda are placed, and that Trump, a former reality star, has melted the lines dividing political and entertainment coverage. (Bannon, who made a fortune on “Seinfeld,” goes way back with Hollywood.) Earlier this week, we wrote about the PR campaign to rehab Bannon’s reputation . The THR exclusive is part of Bannon’s quest for good press, and it’s interesting to read both on its face and for what it tells us about how Bannon will try to manage the news media. Related stories from TheWrap:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
242913,"By Lawrence Delevingne, Suzanne Barlyn and Jennifer Ablan NEW YORK (Reuters) - From plush penthouse apartments on the Upper East Side to bars in midtown Manhattan, New York’s financial community watched in stunned dismay on Wednesday as Republican Donald Trump clinched the White House.
An early party mood quickly soured as donors and supporters of Hillary Clinton realized that the Democratic candidate, Wall Street's preferred choice because she represented the status quo, had lost.
Many were stuck for words.
“Not really much to say,” said Marc Lasry, a billionaire credit investor.
Trump's unpredictable pronouncements and opposition to free-trade agreements have made the real estate mogul unpopular with many financiers, who fear that he could disrupt global trade and damage geopolitical relationships.
The U.S. dollar sank and stocks plummeted as investors fled risky assets. S&P 500 index futures crashed.
Joseph Peiffer, a lawyer who has represented investors and others in class-action lawsuits, cracked open a third bottle of wine, his ""only in the case of an emergency"" bottle, while watching the returns during an election night party he hosted for about 20 friends and family members in his hometown of New Orleans.
""This seems like enough of an emergency to break it open,"" he said.
Trump's pronouncements on the financial sector have perplexed Wall Street.
On the one hand, he has pledged to dismantle much of the regulation put in place after the financial crisis, known as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. On the other hand, he has called for a ""21st century"" version of the 1933 Glass-Steagall law that required the separation of commercial and investment banking.
Trump has not said what that version would entail other than saying that he would prioritize ""helping African-American businesses get the credit they need.""
""Sometimes you hear him on the stump criticizing the banks,"" Peiffer said. ""Then his policy paper says he wants to deregulate the bank. The two things don't jive. But who knows what he really thinks. And we won't know that until he does it.""
 
FROM ""DELUSIONAL"" TO RIGHT
For Trump supporters who work on Wall Street, his victory is a vindication.
""I'm very happy,"" said Matthew Tyrmand, a private investor and contributor to the Breitbart News website, who was attending a Young Republicans party at a bar off Madison Avenue.
Tyrmand, who had shorted stocks ahead of the election - a bet that stock prices will fall - said he had been called ""delusional"" for predicting a Trump win.
Tyrmand said Trump would be good news for markets because he understands the benefit of letting businesses fail. He predicted equity markets would go through a prolonged correction before recovering.
""We will be healthier long term,"" he said.
Around Tyrmand, other Trump supporters hugged one another, sang ""God Bless America"", clinked glasses and called out ""M-A-G-A!"" - the acronym for Trump's campaign slogan, ""Make America Great Again.""
But in one corner of the bar, a man and a woman downed shots before starting on fresh pints of beer. Asked if the drinks were out of celebration or depression, the response was quick: ""Depression,"" the man said, declining to give his name. ""But either way we drink""
Matthew Farley, a lawyer with Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP in New York, said he had been warning friends and colleagues about an electoral upset for months.
""I told them that ... a significant portion of the country wanted someone to do a cannonball into the pool and mess up the status quo,"" said Farley, who advises Wall Street brokerages on regulation and arbitration issues.
""The cannonball party is not united. They're progressives and conservatives, but they're fed up with the status quo and all they know is that anything is better than what we got.""
Trump supporter Steven Chiavarone, associate portfolio manager for Federated Global Investment Management Corp, a fund that invests in stocks, bonds and currencies globally, said the market gyrations should not be seen as a harbinger of doom.
""The world doesn't end. Assuming capitalism survives, you manage through the volatility and then find the opportunity.""
 
(Additional reporting by Lauren Hirsch in New York. Writing by Carmel Crimmins; Editing by Leslie Adler and Jonathan Oatis)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
231831,"How to Calmly Talk to Your Friend/Aunt/Brother-in-Law About Why Voting for Trump Just to Spite Hillary Is a Really, Really Bad Juliet Seniff From Marie Claire Maybe you're reading this because your Grandma, colleague, or childhood best friend is a ""protest voter,"" i.e. someone solely voting for Trump to vote against Hillary, and you'd like advice for making them understand what you find impossible not to understand. Or maybe you don't have any Republicans in your life, but you agree that protest voting is terrifying. Or maybe you yourself are a Trump supporter and are amenable to another point of view which I pray to God that you are . But the good news is, it's not too late to convince your protest-voting loved ones to think twice before they step into the booth. The key is to approach this dialogue from a calm, rational place-your brain place, not your middle finger place. Follow this script and who knows, that ""ugh, fine, I'll vote for Hillary"" could be yours! ""UGH, FINE, I'LL VOTE FOR HILLARY"" CONVERSATION SCRIPT You: Hey Aunt Patty, it's your niece, Amanda! Wow, it's been like, five years since I've seen you. Are you still married to that bald man you met on that singles cruise? Aunt Patty in Michigan: No, turns out he was doing crack while I was at work. He also stole $20,000 from me. You: I'm sorry to hear that. Good riddance? Anyway, I saw your meme with the words, ""Just Realized if Hillary Wins, I Get Interns!"" over the happy Bill Clinton face and wanted to run something by you. Aunt Patty in Michigan: Honey, if you're gonna try to get me to vote for that devil woman, you're crazy. Your mother should never have let you move to California. You're not in a cult yet, are you? You: I'm in several, actually. Aunt Patty in Michigan: Look, do I agree with everything Trump says? No. Is he kinda sleazy? Yes. But I'd rather be dead than vote for Hillary Clinton! You: Okay, but Trump says he is going to overturn Roe vs. Wade-didn't cousin Heidi have an abortion? Aunt Patty in Michigan: Like I said I don't really like all his policies but I just can't let Hillary win! You: Can I just ask what you don't like about her, specifically? Aunt Patty in Michigan: Uh, how much time do you have? I mean, the Hillary Clinton E-Mail Scandal-there's no way you can defend that. I don't care if the FBI didn't find her guilty, while Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton used a private email server to send CLASSIFIED E-MAILS and then deleted all 33,000 of them! That's diabolical! Photo credit: Mia Feitel/Getty More You: 1). The State Department has confirmed that none of the information that has been found on her server was considered classified at the time it was sent or received, only retroactively. 2). Hillary Clinton is not the first Secretary of State to use a private email account for official business. You realize Colin Powell and Condi Rice did that, too, right? 3). Those 30,000 emails aren't gone, because that's not how erasing data from a server works. The FBI actually found that the contents of her server were mirrored to a tech firm who specializes in data protection, and still exist there...but then never subpoenaed that firm. They also know where the Apple server is which held the email from her first two months in office and then never seized it. Not normal. And the renewed ""interest"" in her emails has now been closed by the FBI-again . Aunt Patty in Michigan: Fine. But come on, she's just like Bill Clinton-a conservative in liberal clothing! This woman voted for the Iraq war ! She doesn't believe in anything, she just wants to get votes. You: At the time of the Iraq war, people in New York who elected her to be first female Senator from New York, genuinely, sincerely believed Saddam Hussein was connected to the 9/11 attacks. Secondly, she publicly regretted that vote. She's just a human being. Aunt Patty in Michigan: She is ? Because the woman seems like a programmed robot to me! You: I hear you on that one. But have you ever considered that Hillary's mannerisms and behavior might be a reaction to the blatant sexism she's faced her entire career? When Hillary was taking the law school admissions test at Harvard , men literally yelled at her that she ""didn't need to be there"" because she was a woman; one man even said, ""If you take my spot, I'll get drafted, and I'll go to Vietnam, and I'll die ."" I mean, if you were being judged every second of every day of your career, what would you? If it were me and I was a public figure, I'd practice every step I ever took, EVER. And think about how Trump is calling Hillary an ""enabler of her husband's infidelity."" You see how crappy and sexist that is, right? Imagine if someone were to blame Aunt Linda for Uncle Don cheating on her! Read More Aunt Patty in Michigan: I'd kill them. But it's not like I'm sexist. If Michelle Obama was an option, I'd vote for her! But Hillary Clinton just gives me bad vibes . You: I know. But if the only talking point you have left is ""Hillary gives you bad vibes,"" will you even just consider this notion might be merely something you've absorbed from incredibly sexist criticism? It's just like all those men in law school trying to keep Hillary down again. To me, nebulous ""bad vibes"" don't hold a compared to Hillary's actual record . If you'd look at it, you'd see all of the incredible things she's done that are the opposite of ""bad vibes"": her incredible efforts on behalf of 9/11 responders , her lead abatement pledge , her success in repairing our relations with other countries, like Iran . I know Hillary isn't perfect, but at least she's been a loyal public servant her entire career. Aunt Patty in Michigan: Well, I don't like that Trump bragged about grabbing women's vaginas . You: If you don't believe in the candidate you're voting for, then maybe you should consider not voting at all. But if you want to have been a part of electing the first female President of the United States, then consider having Hillary's back. Aunt Patty in Michigan: (beat) Ugh, fine. Juliet Seniff is a TV writer based in Los Angeles. Follow Marie Claire on F acebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more. You Might Also Like",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
335361,"Lima (AFP) - At least five people died Wednesday in a fire at a shopping mall steps away from a Lima luxury hotel where some APEC Asia-Pacific trade summit delegations were expected to stay, officials said. Five bodies -- four men and one woman -- were found near the mall's movie theater, and a search for additional victims is under way, police said.
""All had been asphyxiated and the woman had second-degree burns,"" Anselmo Talledo, commander of the fire brigade, said at a news conference.
The fire was 90 percent contained but firefighters were continuing to look for missing people amid thick smoke, he said.
The fire began around 9:45 am (1445 GMT) at the upscale Larcomar shopping center in the Peruvian capital city's Miraflores district.
The mall, which sits perched on a cliff, has sweeping views of the Pacific. And it is hugely popular with tourists as well as locals.
The nearby Marriott Hotel, steps away, was slated to host several delegations and attendees of a leaders summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum.
Reports had suggested the delegation accompanying US President Barack Obama at the summit had planned to stay at the hotel.
Police chief Hugo Begazo acknowledged that Lima police had contacted the US delegation, and were working in coordination with US security operations.
But he said the fire's proximity to the hotel was a coincidence.
""This is an isolated event that has nothing to do with APEC,"" Begazo said.
Firefighters said the blaze started in a movie theater on one of the mall's lowest levels, and frightened workers, citizens and tourists were evacuated from the area.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
123648,"Clinton, right, and aide Huma Abedin stand aboard Clinton's campaign plane as they head to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, for a campaign rally on Friday, October 28. News broke on the flight that the FBI was reviewing new emails related to Clinton's personal server, bringing an issue they had assumed was behind them back into the campaign. The emails being examined are part of an investigation into former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner, Abedin's estranged husband who is accused of sexting with a girl who was purportedly underage. Read More",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
155063,"Mike Huckabee put a new twist on the lesser-of-two-evils case for electing Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton, comparing both presidential candidates to car wrecks on Twitter Friday morning. Trump may be a car wreck, but at least his car is pointed in right direction. Hillary is a drunk-driver going the wrong way on the freeway.
— Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) November 4, 2016 


“Trump may be a car wreck, but at least his car is pointed in the right direction,” tweeted the former Arkansas governor and two-time Republican presidential candidate. “Hillary is a drunk-driver going the wrong way on the freeway.”
It seems clear that Huckabee meant to suggest that “a drunk-driver going the wrong way on the freeway” is more dangerous than a sober driver who has crashed while driving in the right direction.
But for many in the media, the biggest takeaway from Huckabee’s tweet was the fact that, just days before the election, a loyal Trump surrogate had referred to the Republican presidential nominee as a “car wreck.”
Mike Huckabee called Donald Trump a ""car wreck"" and Hillary Clinton a ""drunk driver"" https://t.co/fA92P6VCan 
— CNN (@CNN) November 4, 2016 


Surrogate Mike Huckabee calls Trump ""a car wreck"" https://t.co/5Tl0sMsE0L pic.twitter.com/dijZ2vvJYx 
— Talking Points Memo (@TPM) November 4, 2016 


Mike Huckabee likens Donald Trump to a ‘car wreck’ — but in a good way https://t.co/Gi9enqGim9 
— Debra Majeed (@DebraMajeed) November 4, 2016 


Mike Huckabee: Trump is a 'car wreck' but Clinton is a 'drunk driver' https://t.co/Y3OXJv1o6P via @elizacollins1 
— USA TODAY 2016 (@usatoday2016) November 4, 2016 


In the wake of such headlines, Huckabee took to Twitter to clarify that when he wrote “car wreck,” he meant something more along the lines of a fender bender and admonished the “low IQ media” for misinterpreting his muddled metaphor.
Low IQ media don't get my earlier tweet about car wreck. @realdonaldTrump will bend fenders but is a vehicle going right way.
— Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) November 4, 2016",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
219138,"Yahoo Style UK November 8, 2016 There is nothing worse than going out into the cold, crisp winter air unprepared. One thing that really helps fend off the chill is a nice wooly hat and this season they are cooler than ever. From pom poms, to embellished cat ears and fancy prints, these hats will definitely top off your outfit this season, adding some serious style points. Plus, none of us like it when our ears feel like ice blocks…",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
49389,"MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says he might follow Russia's example and withdraw from the International Criminal Court, where his critics say he could be charged over the thousands killed in his war on illegal drugs. In a statement Thursday before flying to Peru to attend an annual summit of Asia-Pacific leaders, Duterte also said the United Nations has been useless in stopping wars. He said if China and Russia decide to create a new world order, he would be the first to join them and leave the U.N.
Duterte also criticized the global agreement to fight climate change, saying there are no penalties for violators and it is not clear which industrialized countries will contribute money to support developing countries' efforts to fight global warming.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
271537,"Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday made an emotional appeal to people to make India graft-free, as chaotic scenes erupted outside banks nationwide after high denomination notes were pulled from circulation. Modi surprised the country Tuesday night when he announced that 500 ($7.50) and 1,000 rupee notes would no longer be legal tender, in a design to tackle widespread corruption and tax evasion.
Customers can exchange their old bills for new ones or deposit them in their accounts until December 30.
But even after five days of the announcement, desperate people continued to line up Sunday for hours outside banks and ATMs, with many running out of cash by the afternoon and prompting anger against the government's latest anti-corruption measure.
""People are going through great pains. I feel that pain. This scheme is not born from arrogance. I have seen such adversities up close. I understand the trouble everyone is facing,"" Modi said at an event in western Goa state.
""But this hardship is only for 50 days,"" he added.
""Please, 50 days, just give me 50 days. After December 30, I promise to show you the India that you have always wished for.""
Modi also vowed to pursue his fight against corruption and tax evaders even if it meant scanning records dating back to India's independence in 1947.
Since coming to power in 2014, Modi has pledged to crack down on so-called black money -- vast piles of wealth kept hidden from the tax authorities -- with new measures including 10-year jail terms for evaders.
Analysts have broadly welcomed the latest initiative, saying consumer spending would likely dip in the short term as the new notes made their way into circulation but that the move would boost GDP in the long term.
The government has said only tax dodgers will lose out from the bill-switch, but the move has left millions scrambling to withdraw cash for daily expenses at local grocers, vegetable markets or even for rickshaw fares which are largely cash-driven.
To add to their woes, India's finance minister said Saturday that cash machines could only dispense the newly-designed 500 rupee and 2,000 notes after several weeks because of a technical issue.
Many low-income people including maids, drivers and local traders, without access to bank accounts and who store cash at home, complain that their savings have been completely wiped out.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
242524,"Pin it Share 10 Nov - After hinting about a new project to her fans, singer Janella Salvador recently revealed that she has been chosen to sing the Filipino version of Disney's new animated feature, ""Moana"". As reported on PEP News, the singer, who appeared at the press conference held in Singapore, was among other Southeast Asian singers including Malaysia's Ayda Jebat and Indonesia's Maudy Ayunda, who were tapped to perform the theme song ""How Far I'll Go"" in their respective countries. The original song, penned by ""Hamilton"" star Lin-Manuel Miranda, was performed by Alessia Cara. This is not the first time Disney has chosen Salvador to perform for them. Last year, the singer was chosen to sing ""Happily Ever After"" during the 10th anniversary of Hong Kong Disneyland. ""Moana"" tells the story of an adventurous teenager who leaves the safety of her island on a journey to save her people. Voiced by Auil'i Cravalho and Dwayne Johnson, the animated feature will open in Philippine theatres this 30 November.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
206892,"Rome (AFP) - Two Italians and a Canadian who were kidnapped in the south of conflict-torn Libya in September have been released and flown to Italy, the Italian government announced Saturday. The Italians, Danilo Calonego, 66, and Bruno Cacace, 56, and Canadian Frank Poccia were freed during the night ""due to the effective cooperation with local Libyan authorities,"" it said in a statement.
The three men were kidnapped on September 19 in Ghat, close to the Algerian border, where they worked for an Italian company that carried out maintenance at the airport. An armed group blocked their vehicle and took them hostage.
Italy's foreign ministry said the three arrived in Italy at around 3am (0200 GMT), but gave no details on their state of health. It was also not clear when Poccia might return to Canada.
Rome prosecutors, who had opened an investigation into a suspected terrorist kidnapping, were to speak to the two Italians later Saturday.
Several Italian companies are present in Libya, a former colony, and their expat staff have often fallen prey to kidnappers in recent years.
In July 2015, four Italians working for a construction company were kidnapped near an oil field operated by Italian giant ENI in the region of Mellitah, west of Tripoli.
Two of the hostages were killed more than six months into their ordeal, likely in clashes between jihadists and local militiamen.
The other two were freed in March this year, in a raid on Islamic State group hideouts near the capital.
Chaos has engulfed Libya since the 2011 NATO-backed ouster of dictator Moamer Kadhafi.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
91281,"By Noel Randewich SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Christmas came early for U.S. gun shop owners - who saw a rush of firearms purchases ahead of the presidential election - but they may now be hard-pressed to match last year's record holiday sales.
Gun merchants had a record October, federal background check data shows, as gun enthusiasts snapped up pistols and rifles on fears that Democrat Hillary Clinton would win the White House and seek to restrict ownership.
Traffic has fallen off substantially since Republican Donald Trump, a gun rights supporter, won the presidency on Nov. 8. Shares of Smith & Wesson Holding Corp are down 15 percent since then, despite a rebound this week, while Sturm Ruger & Company's stock is 17 percent lower.
Like most other retailers, gun sellers thrive during the holidays. Last year's Black Friday featured record activity for a single day, according background check data.
December 2015 was the second busiest month ever, topped only by December 2012, when President Barack Obama threatened to rein in gun rights after a deranged man killed 26 people, including 20 children, in a shooting rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut.
Obama, a Democrat, never enacted any sweeping new gun restrictions because he faced opposition in a Republican-controlled Congress.
Now, with this year's Black Friday just days away, gun dealers say traffic is regaining momentum after the post-election drop.
""I'm not expecting it to be any slower than our normal Black Friday,"" said Kellie Weeks, owner of Georgia Gun Store in Gainesville, Georgia. ""But if Hillary had won, we would have sold out already.""
After Obama was elected in 2008, November background checks jumped 48 percent compared to the prior November, according to background check data from the National Shooting Sports Foundation. By comparison, checks rose a more modest 5 percent in November 2004 after Republican George W. Bush was re-elected.
Such checks are the best proxy for data on gun sales, which gun manufacturers do not publicly release. The foundation strips the data of applications for conceal-carry permits - typically made by people who already own guns - to give a better reflection of actual purchases.
Through October 2016, background checks are up 15 percent compared to the same amount of time last year, suggesting another a strong year of overall sales.
Wall Street expects Smith & Wesson's revenue to increase 28 percent in 2016 and 11 percent next year, according to Thomson Reuters data. The Springfield, Massachusetts, company reports its October-quarter results on December 1.
Even after the recent selloff, Smith & Wesson's stock is up 10 percent in 2016, better than the S&P 500's 7-percent rise.
Gilbert's Gun Shop in Frankfort, Kentucky, expects to sell fewer high-capacity magazines over the holidays because customers no longer fear they will be banned. But the shop and other gun stores consulted by Reuters remain hopeful that demand for newly launched compact and target pistols will help spur a busy holiday season.
""Some categories might be light,"" he said. ""But in general, sales through Black Friday and Christmas, I still think will be very strong.""
(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Dan Burns and Brian Thevenot)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
281513,"Michelle Obama’s vegetable garden won’t disappear after she leaves the White House Aly Horne More There are certain to be many changes with the incoming administration. But one thing we don’t have to worry about is Michelle Obama’s White House vegetable garden . The First Lady’s garden was planted in March 2009 on the South Lawn. She hadn’t yet launched her campaign to improve nutrition in schools. Therefore, it’s easy to see the garden as a precursor to her future endeavors. As you might know, the produce from the garden is used in the White House kitchen . (A portion goes to food banks, too.) We’re heartbroken to see our fav FLOTUS of all time leave, but we love that her garden will remain as her legacy. She has secured $2.5 million in private funding to make sure the garden is maintained. There are so many questions about the damage the incoming administration might cause to people’s lives. In the face of the election results, it’s nice to know that something that both encourages healthy living and gives back to the community is going to be preserved. The garden will live on, whether or not the subsequent residents of the White House share FLOTUS’ priorities. Furthermore, earlier this fall, the First Lady made several updates to the garden to ensure that it would live on for quite a while. These updates included concrete, stone, and steel additions, as well as care from the National Park Service and the aforementioned private funding. “I take great pride in knowing that this little garden will live on as a symbol of the hopes and dreams we all hold of growing a healthier nation for our children,” Michelle said. “I am hopeful that future first families will cherish this garden like we have,” she said. We couldn’t love this idea any more! Thanks, (Michelle) Obama.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
245904,"12 gifts for wine lovers whose obsession with vino knows no bounds Kenya Foy More “Cheers to the freakin’ weekend.” “Is it wine o’clock yet?!” “LEMME BUY YOU A DRANK .” “Let’s open a bottle of wine and figure out our lives.” These are all phrases you hear when in the presence of an apologetic wine lover. Seriously, people who love to drink wine are not bashful about it and by “people” we totally mean “us.” Hey, don’t hate on the wine-loving lifestyle. Honestly, we’re a pretty chill bunch. All we wanna do is pop the cork (or open the box — we’re not judging) drink and be merry. We enjoy vino however we can get it, whether it’s canned wine (which is actually a thing) or baked into a batch of red wine brownies . And frankly, you are FAR more likely to enjoy our company if you are enjoying our company while drinking wine. This is how we know from experience that the wine enthusiast in your life will forever be in your debt if you present them with any one of these perfect gifts for wine lovers : Wine bottle nightlights make the perfect use for that empty stash of bottles:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
249109,"Audrina Patridge just shared her wedding photos and they’re so unbelievably gorgeous Christina Pellegrini More When we heard that Audrina Patridge got married last weekend , our first reaction was “Yay!” Our second reaction? “Where are all the photos?!” The Hills star finally tied the knot with her beau , BMX dirt bike rider Corey Bohan, on November 5th. They’ve been dating for eight years and they also have a baby daughter, Kirra Max . Well, just like any normal bride, her photographer probably needed a little time to edit down all the images. But now, Audrina’s wedding photos are here . Audrina’s nuptials were just as beautiful as we imagined. The wedding took place on Kauai, the Hawaiian island that is fittingly nicknamed the “garden island.” First, the gown: the stunning white lace mermaid silhouette by Pallas Couture had a long, full train in back and went perfectly with the wild tropical surroundings. The custom dress had a stunning low-cut back. And that stunner wasn’t the only ensemble that she wore during the wedding events — Audrina also wore a sleek gown by Aussie designer Grace Loves Lace to the rehearsal dinner. The bridesmaids wore airy, mismatched dresses in shades of blush pink, while the flowers were a bohemian-inspired mix of sage-green foliage with fuchsia- and blush-toned blooms. And of course, the big day wasn’t complete without an appearance from baby Kirra Max , looking adorable, per usual, in a little crochet number. Congratulations to the happy couple!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
57189,"By Bozorgmehr Sharafedin BEIRUT (Reuters) - More than 1,000 soldiers deployed by Iran to Syria to back the government side in its civil war have been killed, an Iranian official said, underlining Tehran's increasing presence on front lines of the conflict.
It was a major increase in the reported death toll from just four months ago, when the Islamic Republic announced that 400 of its soldiers had died on Syria's battlefields.
Iran has been sending fighters to Syria since the early stages of the more than five-year-old war to support its ally, President Bashar al-Assad, against rebels and Islamist militants including Islamic State trying to topple him.
Although many of the soldiers the Shi'ite Muslim Iran sends are its own nationals, it is casting its recruitment net wide, training and deploying Shi'ites from neighboring Afghanistan and Pakistan as well. Half of the death toll reported in August were Afghan citizens.
""Now the number of Iran's martyrs as defenders of shrine has exceeded 1,000,"" Mohammadali Shahidi Mahallati, head of Iran's Foundation of Martyrs, which offers financial support to the relatives of those killed fighting for Iran, was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency.
Iran alludes to its fighters in Syria as ""defenders of the shrine"", a reference to the Sayeda Zeinab mosque near Damascus, which is where a granddaughter of the Prophet Mohammad is said to be buried, as well as other shrines revered by Shi'ites.
Many Iranians initially opposed involvement in Syria's war, harboring little sympathy for Assad. But now they are warming to the mission, believing that the Sunni jihadist Islamic State is a threat to the existence of their country that is best fought outside Iran's borders.
With public opinion swinging increasingly behind the cause, numbers of volunteer fighters have soared far beyond what Tehran is prepared to deploy in Syria.
(Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; editing by Mark Heinrich)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
80148,"LONDON (AP) — British serial killer Stephen Port has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of four young gay men whom he met online. Some relatives of the victims cheered and clapped Friday when the sentence was announced in the Old Bailey courthouse.
Port was convicted of plying his victims with poisoned drinks, raping them when they were unconscious and disposing of their remains in a nearby graveyard.
The 41-year-old chef was also convicted of numerous sex offenses against seven other men who came forward with information about assaults.
The U.K.'s independent police watchdog is investigating why detectives did not initially link the deaths of the four men, whose bodies were found near Port's home in east London over a 15-month period.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
295564,"SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Tens, and possibly hundreds, of thousands of South Koreans marched in Seoul on Saturday demanding the ouster of President Park Geun-hye in one of the biggest protests in the country since its democratization about 30 years ago. Police anticipated about 170,000 people to turn out near City Hall and an old palace gate while the protest organizers estimated as much as a million are taking part. It's the latest of a wave of massive rallies against Park, whose presidency has been shaken by suspicion that she let a shadowy longtime confidante to manipulate power from behind the scenes. WULAR LAKE, India (AP) — Tucked within Kashmir's Himalayan foothills sits a freshwater lake that was once among Asia's largest. Long an inspiration to poets, beloved by kings, Wular Lake has been reduced in places to a fetid and stinking swamp. Just the sight of it makes Mohammed Subhan Dar feel sick. He admits he's partly responsible. Dar was among dozens of villagers employed in the 1950s by the regional government to plant millions of water-sucking willows in the crystalline lake. The goal had been to create vast plantations for growing firewood and timber for construction and cricket bats. The result was the accidental near-destruction of the lake, as the trees drank from its waters and their tangled roots captured soil and built up the land.
BEIJING (AP) — A former drug company chairman who was on a list of China's 100 most-wanted fugitives abroad has returned after 15 years on the lam in New Zealand and Australia, the government announced Saturday. Yan Yongmin surrendered to police and was returned to China in cooperation with New Zealand authorities, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said. There was word on what charges he might face. Yan, former chairman of Tonghua Golden Horse Pharmaceutical Group in the northeastern city of Tonghua, fled to Australia in 2001 after being accused of fraud and embezzlement, according to earlier news reports. He later became a New Zealand citizen under the name William Yan.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — One of 18 employees of Australia's largest casino operator detained in China a month ago for suspected gambling crimes has been released on bail, the company said on Saturday. A Chinese national who was a junior Crown Resorts Ltd. employee was the first of the staff to be released, the company said in a statement. Crown did not identify the employee. Jenny Chiang, a 33-year-old Shanghai-based Chinese citizen who had worked for Crown for more than five years as an executive assistant, was released on Friday, The Australian newspaper reported. The head of Crown's VIP International team, Jason O'Connor, was among three Australian and 15 Chinese employees detained on Oct.
TOKYO (AP) — A magnitude-6.2 earthquake struck off the east coast of Japan early Saturday, but no damage or casualties were reported. The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake hit 12 kilometers (7.5 miles) from Onagawa near Sendai at 6:42 a.m. No tsunami warning was issued. The temblor's epicenter was at a depth of 45 kilometers (28 miles), the USGS reported. Japan, which sits along the Pacific ""Ring of Fire,"" is one of the world's most earthquake-prone countries.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — A U.N. official is calling on Myanmar to investigate allegations of sexual assault in northern Rakhine state following recent border attacks. In a statement issued Friday, Zainab Hawa Bangura, the U.N.'s special representative on sexual violence in conflict, said she was gravely concerned by the reports and said it was essential for the government to allow humanitarian access to the area to provide support for the survivors. ""The recent escalation of violence may lead to more incidents of sexual assault, and therefore I call upon the government of Myanmar to take measures to stop this spiral of violence, particularly against women and girls,"" she said.
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — An explosion at a U.S. airfield in Afghanistan early Saturday killed four people, the head of international forces in the country said. U.S. Army Gen. John Nicholson said another 14 people were wounded in the attack inside Bagram Air Field. He said the blast was caused by an ""explosive device,"" without providing further details. The incident was being investigated, he said in a statement. An earlier statement from NATO's Resolute Support mission said the blast happened around 5.30 am (0100 GMT) and that ""force protection and medical teams are responding to the situation."" The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack, which they said was carried out by a suicide bomber inside the base.
BEIJING (AP) — China's President Xi Jinping made a strong call for unity among all people of Chinese descent on Friday, amid political turmoil in Hong Kong and rising independence sentiment in self-governing Taiwan. Xi spoke on the 150th anniversary of the birth of Sun Yat-sen, China's first president and the godfather of Chinese nationalism, who continues to command broad respect within China and the Chinese diaspora. Speaking to an audience of officials and military officers at the colossal Great Hall of the People in central Beijing, Xi called on Taiwan's leaders to endorse the principle that the island and mainland China are parts of a single Chinese nation.
KYAUKPYU, Myanmar (AP) — China's plan for its foothold on the Bay of Bengal, on Myanmar's western coast in restive Rakhine state, includes an industrial zone, oil refinery and deep-water port that could transform a sleepy, remote town of 30,000 into a thriving business hub. The plan for Kyaukpyu is central to Beijing's ambitions in the region, but at sharp odds with local expectations. It also is stretching the capacity of the new, democratically elected government headed by Aung San Suu Kyi to protect the rights of residents who must move to make way for development in the ""special economic zone.""
McMURDO STATION, Antarctica (AP) — U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry didn't comment on Donald Trump's election victory while visiting Antarctica, but did say that citizens who care about limiting emissions might have to march in the streets to push for more aggressive action. Kerry became the highest-ranking American official to visit Antarctica when he landed for a two-day trip on Friday. He's been hearing from scientists about the impact of climate change on the frozen continent. Trump has called climate change a hoax and said he would ""cancel"" U.S. involvement in the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. ""We need to get more of a movement going,"" Kerry said when addressing several hundred scientists and staff at an evening event at McMurdo Station, the large base which is the hub for U.S.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
313687,"U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said he is confident that U.S. President-elect Donald Trump would change his approach to climate change after entering office, predicting that ""Mr. Trump will really hear and understand the seriousness and urgency of addressing climate change."" Trump has called climate change a ""hoax"" and vowed to cut off funding to United Nations climate change programs. He also said he would nix the U.S.'s involvement in the Paris climate accord, which entered into force last week and aims to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

""As you may know, last week I spoke to President-elect Mr. Trump, and I brought up many issues, peace and security issues, including the issue of climate change,"" Ban said at a press conference today in Marrakech, Morocco, where he is attending U.N. climate talks. ""I remain very optimistic about our effort to combat climate change. Look at what we have achieved.""
He added, ""The global unity around climate change once seemed to be unthinkable, but now it has become unstoppable.""

Donald Trump Victory Casts Shadow Over US Pledge to International Climate Change Goals 

Climate Change Could Pose 'Significant Risk' to US National Security, Reports Say 

Ban said abiding by the Paris Agreement should appeal to Trump because the ""global business community is now fully on board and moving forward to decarbonize and lessen their carbon footprint.""
When asked whether the U.S. could take federal action against the Paris Agreement, Ban said, ""I think I have explained at length about our expectations and our hope that the newly elected President-elect Mr. Trump will really hear and understand the seriousness and urgency of addressing climate change.""
The head of the U.N. environmental program, Erik Solheim, told ABC News last week that Trump ""can only withdraw in the long term"" from the Paris Agreement and the earliest that this would be possible is in 2021.
Ban added today that the Paris Agreement is ""not just a few countries"" but a ""wholehearted commitment by the whole world.""
""Then as president of the United States, I am sure that he will understand this, he will listen, he will evaluate his campaign remarks. We have seen many such campaign rhetoric not only in the United States but in many parts of the world,"" Ban said.
""As President Obama said in his press remarks, press conference, yesterday, that he may have to understand the reality, the reality of the whole world’s problems, including particularly on climate change,"" Ban said of Trump. ""I am sure that he will make a good, wise decision, and I’m going to discuss this matter more in person on this matter.""
Ban's remarks come a day after the U.N.'s World Meteorological Agency announced that it is ""very likely"" that 2016 will be the hottest year on record .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
218067,"Alec Baldwin & Kate McKinnon Break ‘SNL’ Character, Implore Voters To Make Right Choice Greg Evans Pin it Share UPDATED WITH VIDEO In the final and strangely powerful Saturday Night Live opening sketch before the presidential election, Alec Baldwin and Kate McKinnon broke character, doffed their Trump and Hillary impressions and implored Americans to, as a teary McKinnon said, “choose what kind of country we want to live in.” SNL ‘s cold open sketch started off as usual this season, with Baldwin and McKinnon reprising their remarkably popular political satire before Baldwin suddenly loosened his Trump scowl, dropped his insults and spoke in his real voice. “I’m sorry, Kate, I just hate yelling all this stuff at you like this,” he said in an obviously scripted but effective move. The camera pulled back to show the two actors, previously seen in split screen, standing together on the 30 Rock stage. “I just feel gross all the time,” Baldwin said, turning to the audience and asking, “I mean don’t you guys feel gross all the time about this?” “You know what I think would help us?” McKinnon asked. Let’s get out of here.” Then, in a pre-taped segment, the duo bolted from 30 Rock, running and dancing through Times Square and hugging passersby, even a man in a “Trump That Bitch” t-shirt (who may or may not have been an SNL plant). When the duo returned to the the live stage, an emotional Baldwin looked into the camera and said, “Now it’s time to get out there and vote. None of this will have mattered if you don’t vote.” McKinnon, her eyes sincerely welling, said, “And we can’t tell you who to vote for but on Tuesday we all get a chance to choose what kind of country we want to live in.” With that, the pair yelled the traditional, “And live, from New York, it’s Saturday Night !” Before the shift in tone, the opening sketch had followed the running routine’s usual beats, with Baldwin’s boastful and petulant Trump insulting McKinnon’s newly unconfident Clinton. Cecily Strong joined this week as CNN’s Erin Burnett, who seemed constitutionally incapable of discussing anything but Clinton’s missing emails. Not even Trump smooching with an FBI agent, a shirtless Putin and a hooded Klansman could divert her attention. The mood-shifting opener marks the second time in as many nights that TV comedians got serious as November 8 approaches. On Friday’s Real Time With Bill Maher , the HBO talk show host repeatedly and forcefully ditched humor to express his anger and anxiety over the possibility of a Trump victory. Tonight’s SNL , with host Benedict Cumberbatch and musical guest Solange , was the program’s final appeal to viewers – at least live. On Monday, NBC will air a primetime SNL Election Special of highlights from this season’s zeitgeist-catching political parodies and previous appearances but the real Trump and Clinton. The hourlong telecast is set for 10 pm ET/PT, taking full advantage of the show’s recent ratings boost: SNL has delivered its most-watched season at this point in eight years, averaging 7.3 million viewers, according to Nielsen, with “substantial” adds via time-shifting and VOD. [youtube=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxH6bKNPBIA&w=605&h=340] Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
120090,"India take 134-run lead over England By CHETAN NARULA | Associated Press – 4 hours ago Tweet 0 MOHALI, India (AP) — India took a 134-run first innings lead after being bowled out for 417 runs in 138.2 overs on day three of the third cricket test against England in Mohali on Monday. 
Having resumed on 271-6 in reply to England's 283, India advanced steadily to 354-7 at lunch, then added a further 63 in the second session before the fall of their last wicket prompted an early tea break. 
After lunch, Ravindra Jadeja (90) and Jayant Yadav (55) added another 27 runs for their eighth wicket partnership, which they took to 80 in total. 
Jadeja looked for quick runs as he neared his maiden hundred, but in so doing he was caught at the boundary off Adil Rashid (4-118) when 10 runs short of the milestone. 
Yadav's maiden test half century came off 132 balls and included of four fours. He added 33 runs for the ninth wicket with Umesh Yadav (12). Both batsmen were dropped off Ben Stokes (5-73) in the 137th over, by Alastair Cook and Jonny Bairstow, respectively. 
Later in that over, Moeen Ali caught Yadav off Stokes, who also rounded up India's innings eight balls later as Umesh Yadav was caught behind. 
It was Stokes' third five-wicket haul in test cricket, and his first in the sub-continent. 
--",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
37994,"One week to the day since Donald Trump’s historic election victory, President Obama warned Tuesday that the world must guard against the rise of “crude” nationalism and politicians who try to divide people along lines of race or religion. “I do believe, separate and apart from any particular election or movement, that we are going to have to guard against a rise in a crude sort of nationalism, or ethnic identity, or tribalism that is built around an ‘us’ and a ‘them,’” Obama said in Greece, the first stop of what he called his final foreign trip as president.
His comments came after the president-elect announced that he was naming  Steve Bannon, a leading figure in the alt-right movement , as a senior White House adviser. Anti-discrimination groups slammed the hire , pointing to incendiary articles published by Breitbart News while Bannon was an executive at the right-wing news outlet.
Obama warned against drawing parallels between Trump’s election, Britain’s vote to leave the European Union and the renewed attention being paid to France’s far-right National Front party, but he seemed to be referring to the “Brexit” referendum in his remarks about European cooperation.
“We know what happens when Europeans start dividing themselves up, and emphasizing their differences, and seeing a competition between various countries in a zero-sum way,” Obama continued. “The 20th century was a bloodbath, and for all the frustrations and failures of the project to unify Europe, the last five decades have been periods of unprecedented peace, growth and prosperity in Europe.”
In the United States, the president continued, “We know what happens when we start dividing ourselves along lines of race or religion or ethnicity. It’s dangerous — not just for the minority groups that are subjected to that kind of discrimination or, in some cases in the past, violence.”
But he said embracing divisive politics means “we then don’t realize our potential as a country when we’re preventing blacks or Latinos or Asians, or gays or women, from fully participating in the project of building American life.”
View photos 
President Obama in Athens, Greece. (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP) More Obama concluded, “My vision’s right, on that issue. And it may not always win the day in the short term in any particular political circumstance, but I’m confident it will win the day over the long term.”
The president acknowledged he was “surprised by the election results” on Tuesday and again emphasized that he feels “a responsibility” to ensure a smooth handover of power from his administration to Trump’s incoming team. But he denied that the vote amounted to a rejection of his political vision.
“Throughout my presidency, I’m sure as a matter of convenience, I generally haven’t paid attention to the polls,” he said. “But since your question is directly related to the notion of a rejection of my worldview: Last I checked, a pretty healthy majority of the American people agree with my worldview on a whole bunch of things.”
He appeared to be referring to his job approval ratings , which have climbed to a second-term high of just over 50 percent. Trump supporters have scoffed at those figures, arguing that the polls failed to predict the former reality show host’s historic victory.
Trying to explain the Republican victory, Obama said, “At times of significant stress, people are going to be looking for something, and they don’t always know exactly what it is that they’re looking for. And they may opt for change, even they’re not entirely confident what that change will bring.”",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
333979,"Paris (AFP) - A French court on Thursday upheld the exclusion of Jean-Marie Le Pen from the far-right National Front (FN) by his daughter Marine for repeated inflammatory remarks about the Holocaust. Le Pen was booted out of the party he founded last year for reiterating his view that the Nazi gas chambers were a mere ""detail"" of history and defending France's collaborationist wartime Vichy regime.
FN leader Marine Le Pen, who has her eye on the French presidency in next year's elections, disavowed her 88-year-old father, accusing him of ""political suicide"".
The court in the western Paris suburb of Nanterre upheld the FN's decision to strip him of his membership.
But in a small victory for the elder Le Pen it ruled he should be allowed to remain as the party's honorary president.
As such, the party is required to invite him to all its leadership meetings, failing which it faces a fine, the judges ruled.
The FN was also ordered to pay the party's founder 15,000 euros ($16,000) in damages for preventing him from carrying out his functions of honorary president over the past year.
Marine Le Pen reacted angrily to the decision, telling reporters it was ""complete nonsense"".
""So you can remain honorary president of a party without being a member of it, and maybe even while being a member of another party,"" she fumed.
Le Pen senior deeply resented being shown the door by Marine, who has been on a drive to purge the party of its anti-Semitic and racist image since taking over the reins in 2011.
He has accused his daughter of ""abandoning"" the party's grassroots, even though the FN continues to take a hard line on immigration, security and Islam.
But he took heart from Donald Trump's election in the US, seeing it as a sign Marine Le Pen could be France's next president.
""Today, the United States, tomorrow France. Bravo America!"" he tweeted a day after the US vote.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
123186,"GREENVILLE, Miss. (AP) — Somebody set the fire that heavily damaged an African-American church that was also spray-painted with the phrase ""Vote Trump,"" and an $11,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the conviction of whoever did it, a Mississippi fire chief said Wednesday. The FBI has opened a civil rights investigation of the Tuesday night fire at the 200-member Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church, and Greenville Mayor Errick Simmons called the fire and graffiti a hate crime.
Officials announced the reward and the investigators' conclusion that the fire was arson at the church, Greenville Fire Chief Ruben Brown Sr. said in a telephone interview with The Associated Press.
The church's beige brick walls still stand, but the pulpit and pews are burned black, and soot stains the brick above and next to some windows. Brown estimated that it was ""80 percent destroyed.""
""It definitely will have to be reconstructed from front to back,"" he said.
Simmons called the arson a ""heinous, hateful, cowardly act.""
""We consider it a hate crime ... because of the political message which we believe was intended to interfere with worship and intimidate voters,"" Simmons said. ""This act is a direct assault on people's right to freely worship.""
The mayor said the FBI and the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation are assisting the investigation in the Mississippi River city, where about 78 percent of the 32,100 residents are African-American.
Mississippi's top elections official, Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann, a Republican, said people shouldn't jump to the conclusion that the church was vandalized for political reasons. Initial reports suggest ""this is not of a political nature,"" he told WDAM-TV (http://bit.ly/2eAUErb).
The culprits should be prosecuted ""to the fullest extent of the law,"" he said.
State FBI spokesman Brett Car said the agency is ""working with our local, state and federal law enforcement partners to determine if any civil rights crimes were committed.""
He did not comment on whether it was being investigated as a possible hate crime. ""At this point, it is too early in the investigation to determine what type of crime this could be,"" he said.
Gov. Phil Bryant, a Republican who has been campaigning for his party's presidential nominee Donald Trump, said ""we expect a suspect will be identified and brought to justice.""
""First, anyone who burns a place of worship will answer to almighty God for this crime against people of faith. But they should also answer to man's law,"" Bryant's statement said.
U.S. Rep. Bennie Thompson, a Democrat whose district includes Greenville, said the fire and graffiti ""harkens back to a much darker day in Mississippi.""
""The political message of the vandalism is obviously an attempt to sway public opinion regarding the upcoming election,"" he wrote in an emailed statement. ""I encourage all citizens not to be deterred by this cowardly act and exercise your right to vote at the ballot box.""
The Mississippi chapter of the NAACP released a statement Wednesday night saying the fire was reminiscent of a dark period in the state's history.
""During the historically black church's 111-year history, Hopewell served as a meeting place for organizers during the civil rights movement,"" the statement said. ""It is important to remember this same violent action was taken to intimidate and impede African-Americans from voting in the 50's and 60's.""
Brown said water from the hoses and heat from the fire also damaged the church's kitchen and the pastor's study. It was put out within 12 minutes, but it took an hour and a half to extinguish hot spots, he said.
Arson investigators also were at the scene Wednesday collecting evidence. Brown said the cause remains under investigation.
""We don't have any suspect at time, but we are possibly talking to a person of interest,"" Police Chief Delando Wilson said.
The mayor said ""we will not rest until the culprit is found and fully prosecuted.""
The congregation has existed for 111 years, and will rebuild on the same site, said pastor Carilyn Hudson.
""The act that has happened has left our hearts broken but we are strong together,"" Hudson said. ""We are not angry, but our hearts are broken.""
Bishop Clarence Green called the fire troubling. He said that in his 21 years as bishop, the church had never been vandalized.
""The last time someone was at the church was Tuesday around 3,"" Green said.
Asked where the church members will meet this Sunday, Green said: ""We'll have to work on that.""
____
Fuller reported from New Orleans.
___
This story has been corrected to show that the color of the church is beige, not red and that the pastor's given name is spelled Carilyn rather than Caroline.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
96462,"McLEAN, Va. (AP) — Melissa Baumann lives some 850 miles from the nation's capital, but when she hears   Trump and his supporters say they will ""drain the swamp,"" she worries she will be sucked down into the muck. Baumann, a chemist with the Forest Service, is one of the nation's 4 million or so federal workers and is watching anxiously as Trump looks to set his agenda in motion.
In terms of policy, Trump has suggested a federal hiring freeze and hinted at eliminating or sharply curtailing an entire Cabinet agency, the Department of Education.
In terms of rhetoric, he targeted the federal bureaucracy and regulations. And then there's his ""drain the swamp"" catchphrase.
Trump's allies say that was directed at lobbyists, donors and political cronies. Some federal workers fear he means a broader group.
""I believe that is directed at us. And it's misdirected,"" said Baumann, who lives in Madison, Wisconsin, where she also serves as a union officer for the Forest Service. The problems in Washington ""have nothing to do with the people outside the Beltway"" who are doing honorable work under difficult circumstances, she said.
Like most federal workers, Baumann works far from D.C., where less than 10 percent of the federal workforce is stationed, government data show. Maryland and Virginia are large federal employment centers, but so are California, Florida, Texas and Georgia.
Greg Guthrie, an information specialist with the National Technical Information Service in Alexandria, Virginia, said that after the initial shock of Trump's win, he has adopted a ""cautiously optimistic"" stance. Trump won as a champion of the working class, he reasoned, and he hopes Trump will advocate for the federal working class as well as the private sector.
Guthrie's co-workers are sympathetic to technology's disruption of the labor force, he said. The NTIS provides reports and research to a variety of customers. Internet search engines now fill some of that role, prompting senators to introduce the ""Let Me Google That For You Act"" in 2014 to kill the NTIS. But Guthrie said his agency has reinvented itself and now helps government agencies use big data.
Guthrie said federal workers can adapt when given the opportunity.
""I don't like some of the terms I'm hearing, like 'drain the swamp,'"" said Guthrie, also an officer in his union. ""Sometimes it's couched as we're these lazy, unnecessary relics. That's not true. We're people who work hard.""
Corey Stewart — who chaired Trump's Virginia campaign and serves as Board of Supervisors chairman in Prince William County, home to many federal workers — said ""drain the swamp"" was directed at the lobbying corps and Washington insiders who infiltrate the political system.
The average federal worker doesn't have much to worry about, he said, though he does expect reductions at the Department of Education, IRS and EPA, because Trump is skeptical of those agencies.
Stewart said Trump's promises to bolster defense will result in a net benefit for the capital region and the federal workforce.
He said Trump won't find much savings in the federal labor force because it has already been squeezed by budget cuts. The number of executive branch employees hasn't been this low since 1965, government data show.
Bill Dougan, president of the National Federation of Federal Employees, said that after the initial shock of Trump's victory, many federal workers are adopting a wait-and-see attitude. Dougan suspects federal workers' fate will depend largely on whether Trump's inner circle is populated by establishment Republicans — even though they've been hostile to federal workers — or wild cards like Newt Gingrich, who engineered a government shutdown as speaker of the House, and Steve Bannon, the Trump adviser Dougan says embodies an ethos to ""do everything he can to blow things up.""
Dougan said he expects Republican attacks on federal salaries and pension benefits to continue, but he's ""hopeful that we're going to see some appointments with some experience in government and how government works, or it's going to be a real problem.""
Still, he said, there's some optimism that federal workers connected to defense and the Veterans Administration could see improvements, given campaign promises to increase spending there.
But Kim Valavez, a social worker at a VA clinic in Santa Rosa, California, said the prevailing mood among workers there is fear. They worry a Trump administration may favor privatization over investing in the VA itself.
""People are scared,"" she said. ""It feels like a great unknown.""
Rep. Gerry Connolly, the ranking Democrat on a subcommittee overseeing the federal civil service, said he doesn't expect the GOP-controlled Congress to oppose any Trump efforts to downsize the federal workforce.
""I think if anything they will be more emboldened to scapegoat federal workers than before,"" said Connolly, whose northern Virginia district is home to large numbers of federal workers and contractors.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
34450,"EXCLUSIVE: Ariana Grande Gushes Over Selena Gomez's First Public Appearance Since Taking Time Off: 'She Looks Like a Princess' Desiree Murphy Pin it Share Ariana Grande was beyond ecstatic to see Selena Gomez make her triumphant return to the public eye at the American Music Awards on Sunday. While chatting with ET on the red carpet, the 23-year-old singer couldn't help but gush over Gomez's presence, which marked her first high-profile appearance since announcing she was "" taking some time off "" to deal with anxiety and depression caused by lupus in August. WATCH: Selena Gomez Makes First Public Appearance at AMAs Since Announcing 'Time Off' Nearly 3 Months Ago ""I just saw [Selena] come in and I hugged her so tight,"" Grande, who was dressed in a sexy lacy bralette and high-waisted white pants, told ET's Cameron Mathison. ""She looks like a princess."" Princess, indeed! Gomez absolutely slayed the red carpet, donning a gorgeous red Prada gown, chandelier earrings and diamond ring by Cartier. Getty Images ""I literally almost cried when I saw her,"" Grande continued. ""I haven't talked to her in a long time. So, I don't know what's going on, but I gave her a huge hug and she looks beautiful. And I'm so happy that she's here. I'm happy to see her out and about."" RELATED: Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Among Artists Battling for Top Honor at 2016 American Music Awards Grande, who is nominated for the coveted Artist of the Year award and is taking the stage to perform her hit, ""Side to Side,"" with Nicki Minaj, also couldn't contain her excitement over her ""very big night."" ""I'm very excited. I'm so excited to be performing with Nicki. I love that woman so much,"" she said. It's going be a great night!"" ""I love her,"" she continued. ""We've had a great relationship. She's been a friend to me for a very long time now. And I love her. She's great."" Grande told ET that even if she doesn't end up snagging the fan-voted Artist of the Year award (she's up against Gomez, Justin Bieber, Rihanna and Carrie Underwood), she plans to thank her fans anyway. ""You know, it would be amazing obviously, of course, but I don't want my fans to think that like that is what I need from them,"" she explained. ""To know how much -- to feel their love -- I feel their love every day. So no matter what, I'm grateful."" PHOTOS: 'Hairspray Live!': First Cast Photo Featuring Ariana Grande, Jennifer Hudson and More! ""I'm just grateful to have so many kids who really let me feel like I can be myself,"" she continued. ""They're full of so much love."" While Grande was clearly incredibly stoked to be chosen as a performer for the AMAs, she has an even more exciting gig coming up, as she's portraying Penny Pingleton in NBC's live adaptation of Hairspray , which will air Wednesday, Dec. 7 at 8 p.m. ET. ""Oh my god, I'm so happy,"" she gushed. ""It's the most fun I've ever had in my whole life. This has been one of my favorite shows since it opened on Broadway."" ""I'm having the time of my life,"" she added. 'The cast is so incredible. I am going to be a mess on December 8th when it is over. I don't want to even -- I don't know! It's going to be so emotional."" RELATED: Ariana Grande Says 'Hairspray Live!' Is 'Way Much More Fun' Than Pop Music Grande told ET that it was ""so weird"" to rehearse for the AMAs, after channeling Penny in rehearsals for the past few weeks. ""Penny is so quirky and nerdy and not comfortable, you know, in her own body, really,"" she dished. ""And then to have to do 'Side to Side,' which is such a sexy number, I was like -- it was such a weird mode shift all week."" ""I've been having these crazy long days, and going from Penny to 'Side to Side' has been the funniest thing mentally ever,"" she continued. ""So I feel like in order to make it work, I have to pretend like this is like Penny's fantasy. Like in her head, like she falls asleep and she's dreaming.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
82402,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is ""aware and acting on"" a report that Russian tankers had carried jet fuel to Syria through the bloc's waters despite it being banned, a source said on Wednesday. The EU banned any supply of jet fuel to Syria from its territory two years ago but an intelligence source with a government in the bloc told Reuters at least two Russian-flagged ships made deliveries via Cyprus.
A separate shipping source familiar with the movements of the Russian-flagged vessels said the ships visited Cypriot and Greek ports before delivering fuel to Syria.
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
108480,"Hello, Baby! The Original Gerber Baby Celebrates Her 90th Birthday Deborah Hastings Pin it Share She was only four months old when a neighbor made a charcoal sketch of her chubby little face. Ann Turner Cook, with the big eyes and the puckered kisser, became the original Gerber baby in 1928, after the company announced a national search for an image to put on its new line of infant food. On Sunday, she turned 90. “Doesn’t she look great!” the company announced on its website. Her visage, trademarked by the food maker in 1931, peered out from every piece of Gerber packaging. Neighbor and artist Dorothy Hope Smith etched Cook’s baby face in 1926 and submitted it to Gerber’s contest about two years later, writing she would finish the drawing if was selected. But the company liked it just the way it was. She has become an endearing, and ubiquitous, piece of Americana, but her identity wasn’t revealed by the company until the late 1970s. In 2010, Gerber began holding annual photo contests for babies to represent the company’s brand. Cook taught English literature and creative writing at public elementary and junior high schools in Florida. She has long claimed she never bragged about being the Gerber baby. After she retired, she became a mystery writer and is the author of the Brandy O’Bannon series. ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
331238,"These never-before-seen images of Disney’s Princess Tiana are absolutely stunning Crystal Ro More If you’re a fan of Disney (and, coooome on , who isn’t?!) then you’re in for a treat as sweet as the best New Orleans beignet. Because we have an exclusive look at some beautiful, never-before-seen artwork of Princess Tiana from Disney’s The Princess and the Frog . And we think you’ll agree that these gorgeous, original, illustrations are pure magic. Curated and presented by Disney, these pieces are a part of the upcoming “An Art Tribute To The Disney Films of Ron Clements and John Muskerhich ” ( Moana ) exhibition, courtesy of Oh My Disney! They’ve been made by artists from around the world and include some of Disney’s very own talent! Like this ethereal “Bayou Princess” by Xinwei Huang.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
88512,"Miami (AFP) - Some Zika-infected babies who appeared normal at birth still showed significant brain defects and went on to develop unusually small heads, a condition known as microcephaly, researchers said Tuesday. A total of 13 Brazilian babies whose mothers were infected with the mosquito-borne Zika virus while pregnant were described in a report by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
""Among these infants, 11 later developed microcephaly,"" said a CDC statement.
""Slowed head growth and microcephaly were accompanied by significant neurologic complications.""
Seven of the 13 children had epilepsy, and ""all had significant motor disabilities consistent with mixed cerebral palsy,"" said the report.
The infants were studied for their first year of life, and were too young to evaluate for any intellectual deficits.
Researchers have known that Zika infection can cause microcephaly, and can also cause brain defects even without the appearance of microcephaly.
But the latest study shows the first laboratory evidence of Zika virus infection in the womb leading to microcephaly developing after birth.
""This report documents that microcephaly at birth is not an essential hallmark of congenital Zika syndrome,"" it said.
""Microcephaly might not be evident at birth but can develop after birth in infants with underlying brain abnormalities.""
Not all infants born after exposure to Zika have developmental problems, and researchers said the current study sheds no light on how common the delayed onset of microcephaly might be.
However, they urged doctors to conduct prenatal brain scans on Zika-exposed fetuses, and the need for comprehensive medical and developmental followup.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
324802,"Share (Lady Gaga and Adam Lambert at the 2009 AMAs. Photo: Michael Buckner/Getty Images) The 44th annual American Music Awards ceremony airs live on ABC this Sunday, and will feature performances by such heavy-hitters as Bruno Mars, Lady Gaga, the Weeknd, John Legend, Green Day, and Niall Horan, the latest One Direction member to go solo. The AMAs are, of course, always wild and unpredictable… but will any of this year’s moments be as memorable as these shockers from the awards show’s history, listed below? We’ll soon find out. Good Golly! Little Richard Lets It Rip (1989) While presenting the Favorite Soul/R&B Single award with Eddie Money, Richard went wildly off-script to complain that he’d never won an AMA. “Don’t you think it’s time I won?” he shouted, rhetorically. He then demanded that the audience give him a standing ovation if they agreed. Incidentally, Richard did receive the American Music Award of Merit — basically the AMAs’ lifetime achievement accolade — eight years later. And as for which artist actually won the award that Richard and Money handed out in 1989? It was Freddie Jackson, for “Nice ‘N’ Slow,” but pretty much no one remembers that. Guns N’ Roses: Anything Goes (1990) Back when big hair and leather pants were all the rage, and rock ‘n’ rollers wore a supermodel on each arm as their most fashionable accessories, GNR won some big-time AMAs. A fresh-faced Slash and Duff McKagan took the stage to accept their band’s awards at the 1990 ceremony, looking more than a little blitzed while swigging beer and smoking cigarettes. Slash seemed shocked and overwhelmed when GNR received their first award of the night, but was composed enough on their second trip up to the podium to remember to thank several people. However, most of his speech was bleeped out, as the show’s producers didn’t want to let his F-bombs fly during the family-friendly program, and they cued up the music encouraging the rockers to exit stage left. (Videos below contain profanity.) Garth Brooks Doesn’t Give a Hoot (1996) Another unforgettable moment in AMAs history was one that the awards show would probably rather forget. Famed country crooner Garth Brooks rejected his Artist of the Year award in 1996 in an effort to show solidarity for his fellow artists. “I cannot agree with this,” he emphatically told the audience. “Without any disrespect to the American Music Awards and without disrespect to any fans who voted, for all those people who should be honored with this award, I’m going to leave it right here,” Brooks said before walking away from the podium and leaving his trophy behind. He later said he thought that Hootie & The Blowfish should’ve won Artist of the Year. Huh? Now that’s crazy. Pat Boone Is Hell Bent for Leather (1997) To promote his bizarre album of jazzy remakes of heavy metal classics, In a Metal Mood: No More Mr. Nice Guy , conservative crooner Boone joined Alice Cooper onstage wearing S&M leatherman gear, complete with studded dog collar. The stunt led to his temporary dismissal from the Trinity Broadcasting Network, and caused Cooper to cry out, “Does this signify the death of heavy metal?” We only wish Duff and Slash had been at the 1997 AMAs to witness this. (photo: Getty Images) THE AMERICAN MUSIC AWARDS IN LOS ANGELES (Photo by Frank Trapper/Corbis via Getty Images) More Read More Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake are Blue Jean Babies (2001) The ’90s pop power couple brought their bad fashion into the new millennium with matching denim-on-demin disasters at the 2001 AMAs. The moment became so unintentionally iconic, Katy Perry and rapper Riff Raff recreated the look 13 years later at the MTV Video Music Awards (see inset at left). Who wore it best? Or worst ? We’ll let you decide. photos: Getty Images More Kanye West: AMAs and Heartbreak (2004) Garth Brooks isn’t the only artist to abruptly walk away from the AMAs. The notoriously temperamental Kanye stormed out of the awards ceremony in 2004 after Gretchen Wilson beat him out for the Favorite New Artist award. The rap star later told reporters, “I felt like I was definitely robbed, and I refused to give any politically correct bulls— comment… I was the best new artist this year.” He also implied that there was a massive conspiracy against him, criticized the AMAs’ voting process, and promised never to return. (We’d applaud Kanye for sticking to his guns… except he did return, of course, in 2008.) Months later, when Kanye visited the press room backstage at another awards show, the Billboard Music Awards, he was still talking about the AMAs’ perceived snub — although this time, he semi-apologized. On a somber related note, Anna Nicole Smith’s slurry Kanye introduction tat the 2004 AMAs was just plain sad. Twelve years later (and nine years after her death), it’s tough to watch. Adam Lambert Kissed a Guy and Some Viewers Didn’t Like It (2009) Who can forget the controversial kiss that Adam Lambert shared with his male bandmate during his glamtastic 2009 AMA performance? The American Idol alum pushed boundaries with sexually suggestive choreography that included dancers crawling on the ground on a leash as he whipped them, S&M-style costumes, and plenty of bumping and grinding. But it’s the moment when he grabbed his keyboardist Tommy Joe Ratliff by the hair and gave him a big smooch on the lips that had everyone talking. As the openly gay singer pointed out, he had no qualms about doing it because “women performers have been pushing the envelope” for decades, but the backlash was immediate, with ABC canceling his appearances on Jimmy Kimmel Live , Good Morning America , and Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve , according to Lambert . Lady Gaga Leaves the Audience Speechless (2009) Lady Gaga left plenty of people “speechless” following her 2009 AMA performance. The shock-pop singer, who’s become more famous for her onstage antics than her music, didn’t disappoint. During her “Bad Romance”/“Speechless” medley, Gaga put her dancers through their paces before she paused and walked over to a giant glass cube containing her piano. She proceeded to violently shatter the glass with her microphone stand, climbed over it to reach her piano bench, and then pounded the ivories as she smashed glass bottles on the piano itself. As if that weren’t dramatic enough, the piano spewed out some serious pyrotechnics while her band performed from the safety of their own elevated glass cubes — wearing dark uniforms and gas masks, just in case. The bizarre display earned Gaga a standing ovation, which she deserved simply for surviving such a literally shattering performance. It’ll be interesting to see what the tamer, Joanne -era Gaga does when she performs at the AMAs this Sunday. J.Lo Hits a New Low (2009) Jennifer Lopez was wearing sensible flat boots — not high heels, as the title would suggest — when she performed “Louboutins” at the 2009 AMAs, but she fell on her famous backside anyway. (See the 3:06 mark below.) Producers edited the flub out of the West Coast broadcast later that night, but honestly, they should have kept it in just to show what a pro J.Lo really is: She hopped right back up and didn’t miss a beat. Impressive! LMFAO Aren’t Sorry for Party-Rockin’ With the Biebs and the Hoff (2011) LMFAO proved that they know how to end a party as well as get the party started at the 2011 AMAs. The “Party Rock” crew pulled out all the stops during their lengthy performance that closed out the ceremony, and had the entire audience dancing with glowsticks and rocking 3D glasses by the night’s end. Not content to party all by themselves, they invited Justin Bieber onstage to bust out some impressive dance moves in Day-Glo yellow pants, then frontman Redfoo started a trend when he pulled off his pants to reveal his smiley-face underwear during “Sexy and I Know It.” Next thing you know, everyone was dancing around in their undies. Amid all the chaos and people ripping off their pants willy-nilly, David Hasselhoff appeared and joined in on the fun by ripping off his own pants. “We love you, party people! I wanna wiggle with David Hasselhoff!” shouted Redfoo. Well, who doesn’t want to wiggle with the Hoff? Hello, Kitty! Miley’s Cat-tastic Performance Wins the AMAs (2013) The only duet that got more attention at 2013’s AMAs than Lady Gaga and R. Kelly’s creepy, seemingly Bill Clinton/Monica Lewinsky-inspired “Do What U Want” number was Miley, in a kitty-printed two-piece, doing “Wrecking Ball”… with a lip-synching, weeping, animatronic space-cat. If there’s anything bigger on the Internets than Miley Cyrus, it’s cats ii so, basically, the web exploded during this performance. And the cat literally got Miley’s tongue at the very end. Classic. Additional reporting by Laura Ferreiro.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
299836,"New Kids on the Block Announce Summer Tour with Boyz II Men and Paula Abdul EW.com/RACHEL DESANTIS Share Credit: Michel Linssen/Redferns Thirty years after the debut of their first album, New Kids on the Block have still got the right stuff -- and they're taking it back on tour. The band announced the Total Package, a massive North American summer tour with special guests Boyz II Men and Paula Abdul, on Tuesday. Credit: New Kids On The Block/Facebook While New Kids on the Block have been active on the tour circuit in recent years (they even joined fellow boy banders Backstreet Boys on the road in 2011), Total Package will mark Abdul's return to the stage as her first tour in 25 years. Boyz II Men previously joined New Kids on the Block for their Package tour in 2013. ""Our fans know we love to bring them a party, and this tour is no exception,"" NKOTB member Donnie Wahlberg said in a statement. ""It's not just a show, it's an experience. Paula Abdul is such a pop icon and Boyz II Men are one of the best R&B acts of all time. It's going to be a night of hit after hit, and we can't wait to deliver the 'Total Package' to our fans!"" RELATED: EW PopFest: See the Photos Combined, the three acts have sold 200 million records worldwide, and Boyz II Men remain the best-selling R&B group of all time. Abdul halted her music career in recent years to appear as an actress and television personality, but not before she logged a whopping seven No. 1 hit singles in the late '80s and early '90s, including ""Straight Up"" and ""Opposites Attract."" VIDEO: Meet The 2016 American Music Award Nominees The tour will kick off May 12 in Columbus, Ohio and hit more than 40 cities, including New Kids on the Block's hometown of Boston, where they'll perform a special set at Fenway Park. Tickets go on sale Nov. 19. Check out the full list of tour dates here . Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
42683,"Federal porn trial begins for German illusionist in Vegas KEN RITTER Pin it Share FILE - This March 17, 2007, file photo, magician Jan Rouven presents the Floating Virgin during the dress rehearsal of a German TV show in Riesa, eastern Germany. A judge is due to begin hearing evidence Monday, Nov. 14, 2016, against Rouven, who faces the possibility of decades in prison and up to $1 million in fines on federal child pornography charges. (AP Photo/Eckehard Schulz, File) More LAS VEGAS (AP) — An attorney for an illusionist who was once a headliner on the Las Vegas Strip complained Monday that a prosecutor misstated facts when she told a judge that the defendant knew child pornography had been downloaded to computers at his home. Jan Rouven Fuechtener's lawyers maintain that he's not responsible for thousands of videos and images the government says he collected, including some recordings depicting sex acts with kindergarten-age children. Chief U.S. District Court Judge Gloria Navarro let prosecutor Elham Roohani proceed with her opening statement in a trial that has the 39-year-old Fuechtener possibly facing up to 90 years in prison and $1 million in fines on federal child pornography charges. Testimony is expected to take several days. Fuechtener has chosen to have the case heard by the judge in Las Vegas, not a jury. His defense attorneys — Jess Marchese, Ben Durham and Michael Sanft — postponed their opening statement until the government finishes presenting its case. Outside court, Marchese said Fuechtener will likely testify, perhaps Wednesday, and his client ""is looking to a positive resolution to this case."" ""We believe someone else accessed his account,"" Marchese said of the computer files. Fuechtener is a German citizen who performed as Jan Rouven. His show, ""The New Illusions"" at the Tropicana hotel-casino, closed following his arrest March 16. He has pleaded not guilty to four felony charges — possession, receipt, distribution and advertising of child pornography. He has remained in federal custody awaiting trial, which was postponed several times. Roohani told the judge Monday there was ""no real dispute"" that Fuechtener possessed about 9,000 videos that investigators reported finding in password-protected files on nine computer devices seized from various locations around the home Fuechtener shared with his husband, Frank Dietmar Alfter. Alfter, who authorities say has returned to Germany, was named in a court document as an unindicted co-conspirator in the case. Prosecutors want the judge to consider recordings of jail telephone calls in which the two men are accused of conspiring to delete evidence from the computers. Fuechtener was identified in August 2014 by an undercover investigator in Buffalo, New York, as a collector of internet pornographic material who used internet, Skype and email names including ""Lars45,"" ''LarsUSA22"" and Lars Schmidt, according to court documents. Dennis Carry, a Washoe County sheriff's sergeant in Reno and a member of a multi-agency internet crimes against children task force, testified Monday as an expert in peer-to-peer file-sharing. Carry wasn't directly involved in the Fuechtener investigation. He described how users acquire and trade files. The FBI agent in the case, Mari Panovich, said in a criminal complaint that Alfter told her that Fuechtener was the only one in their house who knew the passwords to the computers on which porn was found. Panovich is also expected to testify. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
25412,"NEW YORK (AP) — The blue and gray stripes struck Jillian Eisman like a lightning bolt. She was rummaging through a packed closet during a Long Island tag sale when she immediately recognized the symbol of horror and hate: a jacket worn by a prisoner at the Nazi Dachau concentration camp during World War II.
""I knew exactly what it was, even before I saw the numbers (84679 on the chest),"" said Eisman, who purchased the jacket for $2 at the sale last year and donated it to the Kupferberg Holocaust Center in New York City.
Curators there not only put the jacket on display, but also unearthed the story of the person who wore it: a teenager forced to make munitions for the German war effort, spent four years in a relocation camp and then came to America, never telling his children much about Dachau or that he kept the jacket.
The story of Benzion Peresecki — who later became Ben Peres — is told in extraordinary detail, thanks largely to the serial number and careful records that he kept and that his daughter found long after he died.
""It was known to us that my father and grandmother had both been in the Holocaust,"" said Lorrie Zullo, who was 13 when her father died of a stroke in 1978. ""We knew he had a brother who had been killed. But he did not talk about it much.""
Her brother, Michael Peres, who was 15 when their father died, said: ""He wanted to protect us as kids. He saw people die every day.""
Holocaust historians say jackets such as the one saved by Peres are fairly rare, since most of the clothing worn by concentration camp prisoners was burned because of lice and other potential diseases. Also, most freed prisoners didn't want to keep reminders of their horrifying ordeal.
Cary Lane, curator of the exhibit, said Peresecki was spared when Nazis invaded his Lithuanian homeland because he was 15; all Jews 16 and older, including his father and 17-year-old brother were executed. The stocky, 5-foot-4 teenager was put to work making munitions, and years later wrote about beatings he suffered as a prisoner.
""When Ben was liberated, I think there was a conscious effort on his part to document and hold onto things, which not only proved his suffering, but also symbolically for himself, were evidence of his own survival,"" Lane said.
Peres spent four years in a ""displaced persons"" camp, where he was reunited with his mother and earned a high school equivalency diploma. Eventually making his way to the United States, he lived in several New York City locations with his mother and his wife. He received a degree from Cooper Union in Manhattan and worked as a mechanical engineer.
He raised his family on Long Island and frequently took them on vacations; most photos of him taken in those years show him with a broad, happy smile.
""He was affectionate, loving,"" his daughter said. ""He was kind of the glue of the family.""
Zullo said she was ""flabbergasted"" when she heard that the jacket had been found hidden in a closet in the house where she was raised. ""I didn't even look through it before the sale,"" she said.
""What are the odds of someone finding it and recognizing it for what it is and then actually donating it to where it should have gone?""
Eisman, whose 24-year-old brother, Joshua Birnbaum, was killed in the Sept. 11 attacks, said she feels ""everything happens for a reason.""
""There is a reason why I was supposed to be in that house. ... There is a reason why I was friends with someone who worked at a Holocaust museum. What are the chances of that? It is difficult to say everything is a coincidence.""
___
Follow Eltman on Twitter at @feltman41.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
201695,"New York (AFP) - Top musicians from Beyonce to Bruce Springsteen are rallying behind Hillary Clinton in the countdown to Tuesday's election, adding A-list star power to a massive get-out-the-vote operation. While US pop stars have long leaned to the left, the tilt toward Clinton is unprecedented in a modern election, with Republican rival Donald Trump virtually shunned by the music world.
Springsteen, one of the biggest concert attractions in the rock universe, will perform at a Clinton rally Monday evening in the must-win state of Pennsylvania.
Jon Bon Jovi, a longtime campaigner for Democratic candidates, will also join the rally in Philadelphia alongside President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle.
Lady Gaga, in one of her first shows since releasing her latest album ""Joanne,"" will then join Clinton and Bon Jovi at a midnight stop in North Carolina.
Such celebrity entertainers invariably ensure large crowds at a point in the campaign where weak turnout would be optically disastrous.
But even more importantly, big-name performances allow campaigns to collect contact details for sympathetic voters -- crucial in the polarized country where elections increasingly are won by mobilizing turnout rather than persuading the undecided.
When rap mogul Jay Z announced a November 4 concert for Clinton in Ohio, her campaign had 10 days to ask fans to sign up for tickets through the candidate's website.
Jay Z came out in Cleveland with his wife, pop superstar Beyonce, as well as three other major names in hip-hop -- J. Cole, Chance the Rapper and Big Sean.
Jay Z -- who with Beyonce had strongly supported Obama, the first African American president -- alluded to Clinton's historic role as potentially the first woman to lead the United States.
""Our soul is colorless and I want to grow up in a world where my daughter has no limitations,"" Jay Z said.
Without referring to Trump by name, Jay Z said the real estate tycoon was ""not an evolved soul"" and had weakened the United States through divisive remarks.
- Trump denounces 'filthy' rap lyrics -
Trump, in his final days of campaigning, has repeatedly lashed out at Beyonce and Jay Z, claiming at a rally Monday in North Carolina: ""I get bigger crowds than they do.""
Trump also took aim at the language by Jay Z, who like many rappers frequently uses profanity and did not edit his lyrics for the Clinton rally.
""Isn't it amazing that ... Jay Z and Beyonce use filthy language in the songs, using words that if I ever said those words, it would be the reinstitution of the electric chair, right?"" Trump said.
Despite Trump's concern about profanity, one of his few musical backers, hard rocker Ted Nugent, also used unprintable words when he introduced the Republican at a rally Sunday in Michigan.
Nugent, who has previously called for the death of Clinton and Obama, grabbed his crotch on stage and quipped, ""I've got your blue state right here, black and blue,"" referring to the color associated with the Democratic Party.
Trump, who has described undocumented Mexican immigrants as ""rapists"" and boasted of forcing himself on women, has faced complaints from a long list of stars including the Rolling Stones and Adele for playing their songs at rallies.
Trump, a former reality television host, has several backers in Hollywood, notably Clint Eastwood.
- New approaches -
Other stars who back Clinton include Katy Perry, who has lent her hit ""Roar"" for campaign advertisements and has spoken out on Twitter, where the pop diva has more followers than anyone else.
Glam pop singer Miley Cyrus has stumped door-to-door for Clinton among Virginia students, while indie rock favorites The National performed a free pro-Clinton concert in their native Cincinnati, Ohio.
In one novel approach that may reach millions, users of leading music streaming site Spotify opened the service to a non-partisan message from Obama urging them to vote.
And novelist Dave Eggers over the past month has led the ""30 Days, 30 Songs"" project in which artists release anti-Trump protest songs.
Contributors include electronica great Moby, who has said that Trump is ""pretty close to being a psychopath.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
137999,"A group of engineers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have discovered a ""simple and inexpensive"" method for fabricating artificial muscle fibers, using ordinary nylon fiber. Nylon itself is a thermoplastic material and two researchers at MIT have discovered that twisted coils of compressed nylon filament can be shaped and heated in such a way as to ""mimic basic linear muscle activity,"" per MIT News .
Their breakthrough is of particular relevance to the duplication of bending motions typical to human fingers and limbs, and the use of nylon fiber makes such an achievement both inexpensive and longlasting, while pre-existing solutions have tended to be either one or the other.
Though the nomenclature calls to mind entire synthetic limbs, report co-author Professor Ian Hunter suggested more down-to-earth applications: snug-fitting clothing or footwear, self-adjusting catheters and other biomedical devices or, less immediately, adjustable vehicle panels that respond to speed and wind or solar panels that orient themselves towards the sun.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
176432,"Frankfurt am Main (AFP) - Growth in borrowing by businesses and households in the eurozone picked up only slightly in October, the European Central Bank said Monday, firming up analysts' expectations it will extend monetary easing next week. ECB policies are aimed at boosting growth and investment by pushing banks to lend to households and businesses in the real economy.
The bank insists its measures are working, but loan growth has failed to show the sharp uptick hoped for since its last batch of monetary policy moves in March.
October saw loans to businesses and households grow by 2.0 percent compared with the same month in 2015.
That was a slight pick-up in growth compared with September's 1.9 percent.
Correcting for some strictly financial transactions, loan growth hit 2.2 percent in October, also up slightly from September's 2.1 percent.
Looking at the results in detail, loans to households grew at 1.9 percent in October -- slightly slower than in September -- as growth in mortgage lending fell back slightly, while credit for consumption grew faster.
Meanwhile, growth in loans to non-financial corporations increased more sharply, hitting 1.7 percent compared with 1.4 percent the previous month.
The loan data adds to a ""mixed picture"" for the ECB in recent indicators, Howard Archer of IHS Global Insight wrote.
While inflation has begun to pick up in the 19-nation single currency zone, it remains well short of the ECB's target of just under 2.0 percent.
Growth also remained lacklustre in the third quarter and could take a blow from global uncertainty following the election of Donald Trump to the White House.
Analysts predict the central bank could use its December 8 meeting to extend unconventional monetary policy beyond existing deadlines.
""There is a compelling case to try and fuel the improvement given past hiccups,"" Archer argued.
In March, the ECB sank interest rates to new lows, upped its bond-buying programme to 80 billion euros ($85 billion) per month and offered a new round of low-interest loans to banks, in a bid to prime the financial system with cash.
The ECB is unlikely to further drop interest rates, Archer said, as they are already at historic lows that have prompted grumbling from eurozone banks over falling profits.
Instead, it may extend its bond-buying programme past the current March 2017 cut-off point.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
31413,"Paris (AFP) - The number of unemployed in France fell by nearly 12,000 in October, bringing the total reduction this year to over 100,000 in what President Francois Hollande said Thursday was proof his policies were ""bearing fruit"". The figures were eagerly awaited because Hollande has said he would only make a bid for re-election if he could make a ""credible"" reduction in unemployment by the end of his mandate.
The Socialist president is expected to decide next month whether to stand again despite the lowest popularity ratings of any post-war French president.
""Since the start of the year, unemployment has gone down even if it remains too high,"" Hollande said.
""The battle is long but we have been engaged in it now for several years"" and was now ""bearing fruit"", Hollande said.
The number of jobseekers registered with state job centres was 3.48 million in mainland France in October, a reduction of 0.3 percent or 11,700 since September. When France's overseas territories were included, the figure was 3.73 million.
The figures mean that 101,300 fewer people were unemployed in October 2016 compared with a year earlier, a drop of 2.8 percent. The labour ministry said it was the biggest drop since May 2008.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
123635,"(Trump International Hotel has refused to acknowledge the legitimacy of a union formed by hundreds of hotel workers in Las Vegas, union officials say.REUTERS/Mike Segar)
With the presidential election less than a week away, one group of employees at Trump businesses wants America to know they don't think their boss is fit to be president. Since voting to unionize last December, employees at Las Vegas' Trump International Hotel say their famous employer has refused to acknowledge or negotiate with the union.
The Trump International Hotel employs more than 500 workers who clean rooms or prepare and serve food and drinks, more than half of whom voted to unionize almost a year ago.
""He says he's a big negotiator, but he doesn't negotiate with the workers,"" Elsabeth Moges, who has worked as a Trump International housekeeper in Las Vegas for four years, told Business Insider.
In Las Vegas, 95% of hotels on the Strip and in the downtown area are unionized, making Trump Hotel, which the candidate owns with billionaire Phil Ruffin , an anomaly. Union workers in Vegas hotels make about $3 more per hour than workers at Trump Hotel and receive pensions and healthcare benefits, according to workers and the Culinary Workers Union, Nevada's powerful hospitality union.
This discrepancy, Moges says, and the desire for greater job security helped drive her and fellow employees to push for a union.
""We work very hard every single day, and we're not appreciated,"" she said.
Even before the vote to unionize, the Culinary Workers Union says the hotel attempted to block pro-union efforts. Trump Hotel, meanwhile, has accused union supporters of pressuring workers to vote for the union by saying they would be fired if they didn't vote for unionization.
The Trump Organization did not respond to Business Insider's request for comment.
""He'd tried to do everything he could to intimidate the workers and scare them and get them to vote no,"" Bethany Khan, a Culinary Workers Union spokesperson, told Business Insider. ""That's a little concerning for someone heading into Election Day.""
View photos
Trump protest More (Culinary Workers Union members protest outside of the Trump International hotel in Las Vegas.AP Photo/John Locher, File)
After the move to unionize narrowly passed in December, the hotel argued that the vote had not been fair. In March, a regional National Labor Relations Board certified the union, a decision that was upheld in July by the NLRB's national headquarters.
Still, union officials say the Trump International has refused to negotiate with the union and continued to say that the group has not been properly certified.
""He's breaking the law,"" Khan said. ""The hotel is operating illegally, as they're supposed to negotiate any of those changes at the hotel concerning employment and workers with the union.""
In August, the union filed a complaint to the NLRB over a refusal to bargain, which is illegal. The NLRB has not yet issued a decision on the case.
Trump's refusal to negotiate with the union has created many opportunities for workers to speak out against the candidate.
""He says he wants to make America great,"" Marisela Olvera, a housekeeper, told ThinkProgress in April . ""Well, he should start here in his own house, his own business. He always brags about how he has millions and millions and millions of dollars, but he pays his workers less than most in Las Vegas.""
""Why doesn't he want to respect us and make time to negotiate?"" Celia Vargas, another Trump Hotel employee, told The Los Angeles Times in April . ""Like everybody, I'm confused.""
By September, Trump Hotel had still refused to acknowledge the legitimacy of the union after months of protests outside of the Las Vegas property. So the Culinary Workers Union launched a boycott of all Trump properties, encouraging supporters to stop spending money at Trump's hotels, golf courses, and other businesses.
In October, in the week of the third presidential debate, the union organized taco trucks to form a ""wall"" outside of the Trump International.
The union endorsed Hillary Clinton, announcing its support for the candidate in July. The Culinary Workers Union has been aggressively canvassing in the state and has registered 34,000 of its 57,000 members to vote.
Nevada is currently considered a ""toss-up"" state that could determine the results of the election.
The Clinton endorsement is one that many Trump employees — including Moges — stand behind. According to Moges, voting for Trump is ""like going backwards."" Clinton represents experience and a better future for families and children.
""I want somebody at the top who will listen"" Moges says, both at Trump International and as president. ""If you don't listen, how can you improve? He has to listen to the workers.""
So far, she says, Trump has failed to do that at his own hotel.
NOW WATCH: Trump warns himself to 'stay on point, Donald' at a rally in Florida
More From Business Insider
Nordstrom responds to viral letter calling on retailer to drop Ivanka Trump's 'toxic' brand
Ivanka Trump's brand is in crisis as shopper boycott takes hold
Chobani founder faces death threats for employing refugees",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
279844,"The following list represents the most streamed tracks on Spotify, based on the number of people who shared it divided by the number who listened to it, from Friday Nov. 4, to Friday, Nov. 10, via Facebook, Tumblr, Twitter and Spotify. UNITED STATES
1. Rae Sremmurd, ""Black Beatles"" (Interscope Records)
2. The Weeknd, ""Starboy"" (Republic Records)
3. The Chainsmokers, ""Closer"" (Columbia Records)
4. Drake, ""Fake Love"" (Cash Money Records)
5. D.R.A.M., ""Broccoli (feat. Lil Yachty)"" (W.A.V.E. Recordings/Atlantic )
6. Ariana Grande, ""Side To Side"" (Republic Records)
7. DJ Snake, ""Let Me Love You"" (Interscope Records)
8. Maroon 5, ""Don't Wanna Know"" (Interscope Records)
9. Aminé, ""Caroline"" (Republic Records)
10. The Chainsmokers, ""All We Know"" (Columbia Records)
UNITED KINGDOM
1. James Arthur, ""Say You Won't Let Go"" (SME Germany)
2. Clean Bandit, ""Rockabye (feat. Sean Paul & Anne-Marie)"" (Atlantic Records UK)
3. Little Mix, ""Shout Out to My Ex"" (SME UK)
4. The Weeknd, ""Starboy"" (Republic Records)
5. The Chainsmokers, ""Closer"" (Columbia Records)
6. Maroon 5, ""Don't Wanna Know"" (Interscope Records)
7. Sia, ""The Greatest"" (RCA Records)
8. Bruno Mars, ""24K Magic"" (Atlantic Records )
9. Hailee Steinfeld, ""Starving"" (Republic Records)
10. Drake, ""Fake Love"" (Cash Money Records)
GLOBAL
1. The Chainsmokers, ""Closer"" (Columbia Records)
2. The Weeknd, ""Starboy"" (Republic Records)
3. DJ Snake, ""Let Me Love You"" (Interscope Records)
4. Maroon 5, ""Don't Wanna Know"" (Interscope Records)
5. Sia, ""The Greatest"" (RCA Records)
6. Major Lazer, ""Cold Water (feat. Justin Bieber & MØ)"" (Mad Decent/Def Jam)
7. James Arthur, ""Say You Won't Let Go"" (SME Germany)
8. Ariana Grande, ""Side To Side"" (Republic Records)
9. Rae Sremmurd, ""Black Beatles"" (Interscope Records)
10. Drake, ""Fake Love"" (Cash Money Records)
___",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
73804,"On a host of issues ranging from abortion, immigration and national defense to climate change, tax cuts and race relations, a majority of voters disagree with President-elect Donald Trump on how best to proceed, according to a national poll by Quinnipiac University released Wednesday. Related: Trump Is Starting to Sound Like the Backtracker in Chief 
Perhaps the sharpest divide between the Republican president-elect and voters is over immigration policy, the issue that helped catapult Trump to victory. Trump rallied his core supporters with fiery vows to deport millions of illegal immigrants, oppose measures allowing undocumented aliens to obtain legal status or a path to citizenship, and build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
But according to the Quinnipiac University findings, voters by a margin of 55 percent to 42 percent are opposed to building a wall along the southern border, notwithstanding Trump’s boast that he would persuade the Mexican government to pay for it. Moreover, 60 percent of all voters are in favor of allowing illegal immigrants to remain in the country and be offered a path to citizenship, compared with just 25 percent who say they should simply be deported.
The pollsters noted that the 60 percent share of voters in favor of a more humanitarian immigration policy was the largest percentage since Quinnipiac University first began asking that question four years ago.
However, the polling results confirm once again a sharp partisan divide over this and other questions. Among Republican voters, only 38 percent agree that illegal immigrants should be allowed to stay in the U.S. and seek legal status, and only 20 percent of the Republicans surveyed are opposed to building a wall along the border.
In similar fashion, voters take exception to Trump’s opposition to Supreme Court rulings in support of abortion rights and his insistence that any Supreme Court nominees must be opposed to the 1973  landmark Roe v. Wade decision upholding women’s right to an abortion.
Related: Trump Says Nobody but the Media Cares About Conflicts of Interest 
By 67 percent to 30 percent, voters said they agree with Roe v. Wade, although Democrats were far more supportive than Republicans.
Fifty-one percent of voters said that in choosing nominees to the Supreme Court, Trump should consider only a nominee’s qualification, not his or her stand on abortion and other issues, while 40 percent said he should also take into account their stands on abortion.
But again there is a partisan divide. Among Republicans who say a prospective Supreme Court justice’s views on abortion should be taken into account, 64 percent say that Trump should pick someone who opposes abortion. Among Democrats, 77 percent say Trump shouldn’t pick a justice who opposes abortion, while 20 percent say he should.
“Two of President-elect Donald Trump’s signature campaign mantras get a hearty thumbs down,” Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll, said in a statement. “Voters to Trump: No way on reversing Roe v. Wade and not a chance on building that wall.”
“And though it drew cheers on the campaign trail, the fiery rhetoric about redirecting the path to citizenship in the U.S. back to the Mexican border is actually losing support,” Malloy added.
Related: Trump, on YouTube, Delivers a Message to the Public — and the Media 
Among other revealing findings in the poll:
* Voters say 57 to 38 percent that reducing taxes on the wealthy will not improve the economy and create more jobs. They also say, 67 percent to 29 percent, that Congress should not lower taxes for the wealthy. Trump is promoting a massive tax cut that would especially benefit the wealthiest Americans. He and his economic advisers contend that across-the-board tax cuts will spur the economy.
* By a margin of 77 percent to 16 percent, voters say that Trump should defend all of America’s NATO allies, regardless of how much money they invest in defense and regional security. Trump at one point threatened to withhold assistance from NATO countries that don’t devote an adequate share of their annual budgets to defense.
* A total of 68 percent of American voters are “very concerned” or “somewhat concerned” about climate change and assert by a margin of 59 percent to 31 percent that Trump should not “remove specific regulations intended to combat climate change.” Trump once dismissed global warming as a “hoax” perpetrated by China and has threatened to withdraw the U.S. from participation in a new international climate change accord negotiated by the United States and nearly 200 other countries last year in Paris.  However, he said during a meeting with New York Times editors and reporters on Tuesday that “I have an open mind to it.”
Related: The Latest Republican Trick to Roll Back Obama’s Rules 
* Americans oppose eliminating regulations on businesses and corporations, by a margin of 48 percent to 38 percent. Trump has promised a major initiative to reduce or eliminate government red tape. Seventy-seven percent of Democrats surveyed oppose elimination of government regulations, but only 21 percent of Republicans shared that sentiment.
* Some 76 percent of voters say prejudice against minority groups is a “very serious” or “somewhat serious” problem in this country. What’s more, 43 percent are more concerned about discrimination and violence against minorities since Trump won election, compared to 17 percent who are less concerned.
Top Reads from The Fiscal Times: 
Pelosi Warns Trump and Ryan Are Overplaying Their Hands on Medicare Trump’s Vow to Abandon the TPP Hands China a Huge Victory The Health Care Industry Is in a Panic Over Obamacare Repeal",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
53014,"By Roli Srivastava and Suchitra Mohanty MUMBAI/NEW DELHI (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Owners of scores of illegal dance bars in India's financial capital Mumbai said on Friday they were confident a ruling by the top court would finally end a decade-long ban which has left up to 75,000 bar dancers, singers and waiters without jobs.
The government of Maharashtra state, where Mumbai is located, in 2005 suspended the licenses of bars and hotels where young women were employed to dance to racy Bollywood tunes for male customers, claiming they were a bad influence on society.
But after several appeals over the years by dance bar owners and workers against the ban, the Supreme Court on Thursday said that bars could once again apply for licenses to the government.
""Now there should be no hurdle. The court has said all new applications will be processed as per the old set of conditions the government had laid,"" said Bharat Thakur, president of the Dance Bars Association, which represents 150 bars in Mumbai.
Mumbai's famous dance bars made a lucrative business before 2005. Frequented by middle class business men as well as a meeting point for the city's mafias, the bars provided work for thousands of young poor migrant women from across India.
But local authorities, as well as some women's rights organisations, said the thriving sector was not only corrupting moral values, but was also a front from human trafficking rings where girls and women were bought and sold into sexual slavery.
Some of the bars continued to operate under police patronage for many years, but most have now gradually shut down, with bar and hotel owners and workers fighting the ban in the courts.
The Supreme Court in March ordered the ban to be lifted, but the Maharashtra government disagreed, saying bars would have to comply with numerous conditions - including a prohibition on the sale of alcohol and a closing time no later than 11:30 pm.
The bar owners challenged this and in September, the top court said three bars could apply for licenses without following the new conditions. This was extended to other bars on Thursday.
""We are waiting for the court order to be uploaded and then we will meet the concerned authorities for the licenses,"" said Adarsh Shetty, president of the Indian Hotels and Restaurants Association.
But Shekhar Naphade, lawyer for the Maharashtra government, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation that the court order was not final, and another hearing will take place on Jan. 11.
""Some bar owners had approached the Supreme Court seeking licenses to be provided to them on old norms. To this, the court asked them to file their respective applications and responses,"" said Naphade.
Police in Mumbai also said that they would treat all dance bars as illegal until they had received a directive from the Maharashtra government.
""We will wait for the Supreme Court's directions in writing and for the state government's directive before we proceed on this matter,"" said Pradeep Sawant, Deputy Commissioner of Police in Mumbai.
(Reporting by Roli Srivastava in Mumbai and Suchitra Mohanty in New Delhi. Writing by Nita Bhalla, Editing by Ros Russell; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
184002,"WASHINGTON (AP) — William Christenberry (CHRIS-en-bear-ee), an artist known for his photographs of crumbling buildings and rusty cars amid the verdant landscape of rural Alabama, has died. He was 80. His daughter, Kate Christenberry, says Christenberry died Nov. 28 at a nursing home in Washington. She says the cause of death was complications from Alzheimer's disease.
Christenberry was a longtime resident of the nation's capital and taught painting and drawing for decades at the Corcoran School of Art.
Christenberry was born in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and spent much of his childhood in rural Hale County. For years he made annual summer trips to the county and other parts of the state, where he documented his surroundings with a simple Kodak Brownie camera.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
148087,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Rescue workers said more than 45 people had been killed in artillery bombardment of rebel-held eastern Aleppo on Wednesday, and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said more than 50,000 people had been displaced by the fighting. The Civil Defense said in a message posted on its Telegram account that dozens more people had been wounded in the artillery attack it said had hit people displaced from eastern Aleppo. Most of the dead were women and children, it said.
The Observatory's toll of 50,000 displaced was more than double a figure of 20,000 given by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) on Tuesday.
(Writing by Tom Perry; Editing by Catherine Evans)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
109251,Chicago police are investigating a mass shooting that left one man dead and five other people injured.,www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
203962,"On Lucifer, Scary Truths Are Processed — Plus, Unlikely Bromance Brewing? Matt Webb Mitovich Pin it Share Tonight on Lucifer (Fox, 9/8c), two difficult truths are processed, while a most unlikely bromance begins to build. Here’s what the cast shared during TVLine’s recent visit to the sophomore drama’s set in Vancouver. RELATED Lucifer Snags Full Season 2 Pickup FATHER DAZE | At the fore of this week’s episode is Chloe’s discovery that the man who years ago was sentenced to prison for killing her LAPD cop father, John Decker (played in flashbacks by Chris Payne Gilbert), was merely a fall guy, and not the actual perpetrator. Understandably, the revelation — and ensuing, rebooted investigation — shakes Detective Decker to her core. “Growing up, I was close with my father, and then he was killed. But there was never a legitimate justice for him. Everything was wonky and nothing quite added up,” Lauren German says in character. “So when this case comes along…. I’m on a mission, and it’s fighting for someone you love. It’s the first time I’ve had a case I’m so invested in.” As such, expect to see Chloe in laser-focused detective mode like never before, leaving little room for light banter with her cheeky partner in crimesolving. “The usual hijinks [with Lucifer] are gone,” says German. “I had the chance to play entirely new levels of emotional levels and grief…. It’s almost an episode on a different show, in a way.” That said, the intense, extremely personal nature of Chloe’s latest case will serve to steer her bond with Lucifer in a fresh direction. “It kind of adds a new layer to getting to know each other, him seeing what has hurt Chloe in the past,” German shares. “We both got to see each other in a new light” — culminating in a closing moment fans won’t want to miss. VIDEOS Lucifer Channels ‘Normal’ Dan, Adopts a ‘Dude’ Accent in Sneak Peek A TALE OF TWO DANS | Lucifer’s devil-may-care antics have no place in Chloe’s immediate orbit this week, so he instead helps Dan (Kevin Alejandro) follow up on some leads. Along the way, he chooses to mimic “Detective Douche” (watch LOL video) as a means of sampling the “normal” life that seems to appeal to a certain female human. Says Alejandro, “Lucifer is befuddled as to why Chloe is interested in a person like him, so he wants to go to great lengths to figure it all out — to the point of dressing, walking, talking, craning his neck a bit like Dan.” More Eventually, as part of an amusing reveal, Dan gets to flip the script and offer up his best Lucifer impression. Says Tom Ellis, “I remember Kevin coming to my trailer going, ‘So apparently I’ve got to be you in the next episode,’ so I did my lines on his iPhone…. But the nice thing for me is that a lot of it was happening during the scenes, so it wasn’t really about prepping. It was about being observant and trying to not be glib about it.” Might spending some time in each other’s shoes pave the way for a reluctant bromance? Mayyyybe. Per Ellis, “It becomes a thing for Lucifer where he’s on his best behavior, almost, until Dan gives him good reason to call him douche again. Which he does, by the way!” RELATED 2017 Renewal Scorecard: What’s Coming Back? What’s Getting Cancelled? What’s on the Bubble? ABOUT (THAT) FACE | Last but far from least, this week’s episode checks in on Dr. Linda (Rachael Harris), who at her own urging laid witness to Lucifer’s true, actual face. “There were several different ways they could have gone with that,” says Harris, “and finally they were very excited in the writers’ room when they decided it was going to be just that sweet reveal.” As for Linda’s immediate reaction, there literally were no words to describe it. “I think it did render her speechless, which was really appropriate,” says her portrayer. “And then the look on his face was just devastated. Tom broke my heart in that moment.” More In the wake of that reveal, “not only has [Linda’s] world been turned upside down, she’s been completely smashed apart,” says Harris. “She’s really having to process what it means to know that this mythology or whatever that she’s questioned actually exists. She’s struggling. And quite fearful.” Read More That fear of who or what has been circling her all this time causes a bump in her new friendship with Maze. “There are some big repercussions for what Lucifer did,” says Lesley-Ann Brandt. “And for [Maze], she feels like it was a very selfish reveal, because it changes the dynamics of our interactions — especially if Maze is in turn found out. “Sure, maybe you can see me take down a 300-lb. guy and go, ‘How the hell did she do that?’ But that’s way more believable than, ‘Oh, you’re the devil and you’re a demon and you’re an angel and you’re the mother of all creation,” says Brandt. “Maze once again feels like, Lucifer, ‘you did something and you did not think of anyone else.’ But those scenes are my favorite that I’ve filmed this season so far, because it’s real and raw and it sort of cuts to a part of this character that you don’t get to see very often — which is her vulnerability.” ( Reporting by Vlada Gelman ) Want more scoop on Lucifer , or for any other show? Email and your question may be answered via Matt’s Inside Line . Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
56533,"  Despite her loss at the recent International Emmy Awards, Jodi Sta. Maria is returning home to the Philippines with a renewed determination to do better. As reported on PEP News, the actress, who was nominated at the iEmmys for her role as Amor Powers in the remake of ""Pangako Sa 'Yo"", lost the award to German actress Christiane Paul (""Unterm Radar""). However, Sta. Maria stressed that she has cherished her time at the iEmmy's very much. She wrote online, ""Attending and being nominated at the 44th International Emmy Awards is a memorable experience. Making new friends, sharing a glimpse of the Filipino hospitality to my fellow nominees, proudly speaking about the beauty of the Philippines and representing the country to 15 nations made it more meaningful and special."" She also stated that the nomination will serve as inspiration for her to be more dedicated and passionate about her craft. Aside from Sta. Maria, Kapamilya series ""Bridges of Love"" was also nominated for Best Telenovela at the iEmmys, but lost to Brazilian telenovela, ""Hidden Truths"".",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
28772,"Seoul (AFP) - South Korean President Park Geun-Hye had a ""considerable"" role in a corruption and influence-peddling scandal engulfing her government, Seoul prosecutors said Sunday, as they formally laid out charges against Park's longtime confidante and two former presidential aides. ""We, based on the evidence collected so far... view that the president played a considerable collaborative role in many of the accusations involving the (three) people,"" said Lee Young-Ryeol, who is leading a probe into the scandal.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
26362,"Share By Sylvie Simmons Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen on stage in the UK on May 27, 1976. He died on Nov. 10, 2016. (Michael Putland/Getty Images) More This is a hard piece to write. I’ve been putting it off for the last nine days, since Nov. 10, when my phone started to ring off the hook. On one line was the Washington Post , on the other the Canadian News agency, asking if I could confirm that Leonard Cohen was dead. There had been a post on Cohen’s Facebook page, one of them was saying, but it could have been hacked, and who believes Facebook anymore? I felt like I had drained me of air. While listening to the talk I messaged a close friend of Cohen’s. Yes, he said, Leonard died on Monday, three days before. I knew that, in spite of his celebrity, Leonard was a very private man. It made sense that the announcement would come only after a very private burial. At that point someone called from NPR and I was on the air, trying badly to answer some question or other that echoed in the emptiness I felt. The media circus has been keeping me busy ever since. What kept going through my mind was that only five weeks before we had been in touch. Leonard’s email was short, but his emails always were short — and elegant, concise, and gracious, often as not humorous, or if circumstance dictated otherwise, wise and kind. In that last email he mentioned that he was “a little under the weather.” I’d taken him at his word, forgetting what a master of understatement he was. When he had found out, at the age of 70, that he had been bilked of his life’s savings by a former manager and he was broke, his response was that it “put a dent in [my] mood.” I suppose this might be good time to tell you that I am (it will take some time to get used to the past tense) Leonard Cohen’s biographer. I’m Your Man: The Life of Leonard Cohen (2012) had his support and assistance. What it didn’t have was interference. Leonard’s one and only requirement of me was that I whitewashed nothing. He did not want a “hagiography,” he said. That in itself should tell you something about the man. He would have been the last person to claim that he was without flaws. This had nothing to do with his innate modesty and self-deprecation. Imperfection, the state of being cracked or broken, was one of his deepest studies and might have been his battle cry. As he sang in “Anthem,” “ There is a crack in everything/ That’s how the light gets in.” Despite his reputation for darkness, he was all about finding the light. He knew darkness, certainly, having fought clinical depression for much of his adult life. But he looked darkness in the eye and took from it a poem or a painting or a song. Or a laugh. Leonard had a fabulous sense of humor, most of it black. But back to Leonard wanting the truth told in his biography: Honesty was of prime importance to him. Honesty and its near-twin authenticity. You might have heard about how songs were often torn from Leonard. How it took him 10 or 15 years to write “Anthem,” for example. He actually recorded it on three different albums, the last being The Future , rejecting it the first two times because when he listened he felt that the guy singing was putting us on. It took him more than five years to write his all-purpose hymn for the 21st century “Hallelujah,” which is either about the bleakness of human relations or a feelgood song, and — the Lord works in mysterious ways — a favorite vocal workout for aspiring American Idols . The problem, Leonard said, was not with writing a song. He could do that relatively easy. It was this craving for complete authenticity. He didn’t come to fool ya. Leonard was never one who took us and our attention or affection for granted. All these interviews I’ve been doing these past few days would ask who he was, what the significance of his death. Some wanted a grand statement, some wanted to know if he, not Bob Dylan, should have gotten the Nobel prize for literature, and some wanted potted histories. He was born and raised in Montreal, a Jew whose family were rabbis and founded synagogues or businessmen and founded Jewish newspapers, good people, serious, people. Leonard became a serious poet. His first collection, Let Us Compare Mythologies , was published in 1956, more than a decade before his first album Songs of Leonard Cohen was released. He was already in his thirties by then. I heard that album when I was a young girl. I remember thinking that his photo on the album sleeve looked like a dead Spanish poet. Leonard had been raised on the English and Irish poets before falling for the dead Spanish poet Federico Garcia Lorca. Leonard was 15 at the time; the same age he was when he got his first guitar. He decided to try his hand at the music business because he couldn’t pay the grocery bills with poetry. And, he said, there had always been music behind every word he wrote. Read More Leonard had been living in a little white house on the Greek island of Hydra. He moved to New York to live in a hotel. Then he found a little house in an unglamorous part of Los Angeles because that’s where his close friend and Zen teacher Roshi (Kyozan Joshu Sasaki) set up his first Zen Center in a garage. Leonard moved again to be near Roshi after releasing and touring with his two U.S best-selling albums, I’m Your Man and The Future. For five and a half years Leonard lived in a little hut a on Mount Baldy, above the snowline, and was ordained Buddhist monk. He remained a Jew. When he came down from the mountain he chose not to return to the music business, releasing a very occasional album instead and staying off the road. Until that business with the money forced him to shine his shoes, brush himself down, and tread the boards again for the first time in 15 years. It was the most remarkable comeback tour in popular music history. Leonard learned to love the road, the discipline, companionship, and, as he put it, feeling of full employment. He loved being of service and doing his work. When he stopped touring, he worked nonstop at his home studio in L.A, releasing three new studio albums in five years — a miracle from someone never known for prolificacy. In his last album, the masterpiece You Want It Darker , he sang himself home to Montreal. On the title track, instead of the women singers who so often accompanied him, it was the cantor and choir of the synagogue that his great-grandfather had founded and where Leonard’s name was written in the Registry of Births in 1934. He was buried in its cemetery, in a plain pine coffin, next to his family, on that Thursday afternoon that I found out that he was gone. Eighty-two is a good age. Leonard was ready to go. But the timing couldn’t have been much worse. The same week as the election, whose result was a terrible blow to many artists, poets, and musicians. And all who love music have been reeling from an unparalleled year of death and mourning for the cultural icons we have lost. Like David Bowie, who also left us with a deep and brilliant album, Cohen was a one-off, monumental, a major influence, irreplaceable. But Leonard faced death head-on, same he had always faced darkness. They seemed to have come to some kind of amicable-enough agreement decades before. He had come to terms with growing old, too. “I think it’s one of the most compassionate ways of saying goodbye that the cosmos could devise,” he said. And age suited him. The Rat Pack rabbi that skipped onstage and fell to his knees in those extraordinary concerts looked more at home with himself than the young Leonard ever had. When I last visited Leonard at home, he was working. “Time speeds up the closer it gets to the end of the reel,” he explained. “You don’t feel like wasting time.” In his last days I hear that he was working on a collection of poems and that he had completed at least one new song. He died with his boots on. And he has left us with so much.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
147221,"SIKASSO, Mali (AP) — The coup leader blamed for destabilizing Mali several years ago is now standing trial on charges related to the killings of former presidential guard members. Amadou Haya Sanogo was arrested three years ago after a mass grave was found containing the remains of 21 slain red berets. If found guilty, Sanogo could face the death penalty.
Sanogo went on trial Wednesday in the town of Sikasso along with 17 others.
Sagara Bintou Maiga, president of a group representing the victims' families, said they want to see justice done after waiting years for a trial.
Outside a group of young people held photos of Sanogo in a show of support for the onetime military strongman.
Sanogo seized power in March 2012 and later handed over power to a civilian transitional government.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
316301,"David Blaine Freaks Out Dave Chappelle, Drake With Insane Magic Trick (Video) Joe Otterson Share David Blaine has a real knack for both magic and freaking people the hell out. In a clip from Blaine’s new show, “Beyond Magic,” he is at a party with celebrities like Dave Chappelle, Drake, Steph Curry, and many more. Blaine asks Chappelle to draw a creature that could fit in the palm of Drake’s hand. Chappelle draws what looks like a frog. See video: Watch David Blaine's Weird Magic Freak Out Jimmy Fallon Blaine then proceeds to pick up a champagne flute and somehow regurgitate a frog out of nowhere into the glass. As if that wasn’t enough, after everyone is already going nuts about the first frog, Blaine does it again. He then asks Curry and others to verify that his mouth is empty, which they do. He then somehow produces a third frog.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
194848,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is campaigning with basketball star LeBron James in Cleveland on Sunday, hoping to motivate African-American voters to the polls. (Nov. 6)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
119460,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Four California inmates cut through the bars of a second-story jail window and rappelled down the building's side in an overnight escape bid, authorities said on Thursday. Two of the inmates who broke out of the Santa Clara County jail in San Jose were caught immediately, but the others remain at large, the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
Officials said a massive search that includes dogs and a helicopter was under way for inmates Rogelio Chavez, 33, and Laron Campbell, 26. The two were jailed on charges of false imprisonment and firearms violations, among other counts.
The inmates cut through the window's bars on Wednesday night. The statement did not say how the prisoners got their hands on tools to remove the bars. Authorities said no cutting tools were found in the cell after the escape.
The Sheriff's department said the inmates are believed to have escaped from an established containment zone around the jail, citing surveillance footage that captured the fleeing men.
KNTV, an NBC affiliate, quoted a sheriff's spokesman as saying they escaped using clothing to climb down the side of the building. A deputy on patrol noticed the clothing hanging from the window, it said.
(Reporting by Curtis Skinner in San Francisco and Ian Simpson in Washington; Editing by Sandra Maler)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
31907,"N'Djamena (AFP) - A key ally of the West in its fight against jihadists in Africa, Chad is mired in crises that have rocked the authoritarian regime of President Idriss Deby, as the opposition plans a general strike for Tuesday. The costs of fighting the Boko Haram Islamists, plunging oil revenues, deficits, austerity measures and strikes by civil servants have all stirred popular anger in a country with high poverty levels despite its oil reserves.
""Chad has ground to a halt. We fear the worst,"" said Maoundoe Decladore, a spokesman for the civil society organisation ""Ca doit changer"" (""Things must change"").
The dire situation is evident in the main market of the capital N'Djamena.
""I spend a whole day with barely 1,000 francs (1.50 euros) in takings. There's no money. People are not coming,"" said Fatime Zara, a vegetable seller in her forties.
Teachers have been on strike since September to demand payment of wage arrears.
""All the money from oil has been diverted to the people in power,"" said Michel Issa, a school teacher, echoing complaints from civil society and the opposition about Deby, who came to power in 1990, and his government.
The crisis has meant students have not returned to schools, colleges and universities after the summer holidays.
Other sectors have also been hit such as health, forcing patients to seek treatment in neighbouring Cameroon, and justice. Deby met with judges on Friday to try and end their strike.
The situation is worse outside the capital of the vast nation of 10 million people, where more than one in three children under the age of five suffer stunted growth.
The political opposition, riding the wave of popular discontent, is demanding ""inclusive dialogue"" with the regime while contesting the reelection of Deby for a fifth mandate last April.
- The example of Compaore -
Deby officially received 60 percent of votes in that election. Saleh Kebzabo, his main rival, won just over 12 percent.
""Idriss Deby is an illegitimate president. We are not seeking dialogue in order to accede to government. Our concern is to return Chad to a democratic path through fair and transparent elections,"" Kebzabo, who is behind Tuesday's strike, the third in just over three months, told AFP.
The situation has led to speculation that Deby, who has been in power since 1990, could suffer the same fate as Blaise Compaore in nearby Burkina Faso.
Compaore was forced to relinquish power in October 2014 following a popular revolt after he tried to change the constitution to extend his 27-year rule.
Compaore's fate represents a ""model for the Chadian social movement,"" said Roland Marchal, a researcher at the Institute for Political Studies in Paris.
""Many people describe a man who no longer has the same ability to take initiatives as before. There is doubt about his ability to last,"" he said of Deby, who is 64 and now often walks with the help of a cane.
Marchal viewed as a ""sign of weakness"" the president's precipitous return to the capital from the climate change conference in Morocco because his government faced a no-confidence vote in parliament on Thursday.
The vote -- called over the government's alleged mismanagement of the economy -- was not held because parliament failed to make a quorum after the ruling party's MPs did not show on orders from Deby.
- Diplomatic aces -
The president's move was sparked by ""fear that some will vote for a censure motion and that the government will be overthrown"", Marchal said.
The same day, several opposition activists and politicians were detained in N'Djamena after the government banned a rally following the failed censure motion.
But the president still has some diplomatic aces.
Deby received his military training in France, he is the current head of the African Union, and is supported by France and the United States, who need the cooperation of the Chadian military in the region.
The headquarters of the French military operation Barkhane against jihadists in the Sahel region is in N'Djamena, where it is assumed that strategic information is exchanged.
Deby was also recently received by German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin.
And he relies on an army whose best elements are derived like him from the Zaghawa ethnic group.
But although the army is seen as strong force in the region, it also has its weaknesses.
""In the army, certain ethnic groups are abused by the regime,"" said a civil society source.
Said Marchal: ""We are faced with an army that knows how to shoot, but does not know how to contain a demonstration"".",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
170463,"Seoul (AFP) - South Korean President Park Geun-Hye on Friday agreed to be questioned by prosecutors as she sought to distance herself from a close personal friend at the centre of a corruption scandal engulfing her administration. In her second address to the nation in 10 days, Park acknowledged that she had ""allowed my guard to drop"" around long-time confidante Choi Soon-Sil who was formally arrested Thursday on charges of fraud and abuse of power, and also stands accused of meddling in affairs of state.
But the president denied some of the more lurid reports concerning her relationship with Choi, who the media has portrayed as a Rasputin-like figure who wielded an unhealthy influence over Park and involved her in cultish religious activities and shamanist rituals.
The scandal has shattered public trust in Park's presidency, which has more than a year left to run, triggering large street protests, calls for her resignation and a major reshuffle of her senior ministers and top advisers.
A new Gallup poll published Friday put her approval rating at just five percent -- an all-time low for a sitting South Korean president.
- Fraud probe -
A formal investigation has focused on allegations that Choi, 60, leveraged her close relationship with Park to coerce local firms into donating large sums to dubious non-profit foundations that she then used for personal gain.
Park said she would not seek to hide behind presidential privilege if required to give testimony.
""If necessary, I am willing to sincerely respond to prosecutors' investigations,"" she said.
South Korea's constitution does not allow a sitting president to be prosecuted, but some senior officials have suggested questioning as part of a wider investigation is permissible.
In an at-times emotional address, Park said she had been living a ""lonely life"" as president and had turned to Choi for company and help.
""Looking back, I allowed my guard to drop as she stood by my side during difficult times.
""I trusted my personal relationship, but was careless and not tough enough with my acquaintances,"" she said, adding that the fallout from the scandal was ""all my fault"".
Choi, whose late father was an elusive religious figure and an important mentor to Park, also faces allegations that she interfered with government affairs, including the nomination of senior officials.
- Cult rituals -
And some reports have suggested that Choi was still involved in a shadowy religious group created by her father and that Park had fallen under its influence.
""There have been claims that I fell for a religious cult or had (shamanist rituals) performed in the Blue House, but I would like to clarify that those are absolutely not true,"" Park said in her address on Friday.
Choo Mi-Ae, the leader of the main opposition Democratic Party, dismissed Park's address as unhelpful and self-serving.
""She does not seem to understand the gravity of the whole situation,"" Choo said. ""She is only interested in maintaining her grip on power.""
Opposition parties, while vocal in their criticism of Park's behaviour, have stopped short of calling for her resignation which would necessitate an early presidential election that they would not be confident of winning.
Analysts say Park is likely to limp on to the end of her term with her power severely undermined at a time of slowing economic growth, rising unemployment and elevated military tensions with North Korea.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
292620,"TOKYO (AP) — Japan has approved assigning its troops in South Sudan on non-combative support under U.N. peacekeeping operations, an additional mission that opponents say would risk of getting them embroiled in international fighting that Tokyo has renounced since the end of World War II. The task, approved Tuesday by the Cabinet, begins with a 350-troop South Sudan mission to be dispatched in three waves beginning Sunday, under Japan's new security law enacted last year.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government has been expanding Japan's international military role, but opponents say the mission not only puts Japanese soldiers at greater risk but also violates Japan's pacifist constitution.
Japan has dispatched troops to war-torn South Sudan since 2011, but their operation was limited to construction projects in non-combative areas.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
249686,"BERLIN (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Thursday clarity was needed from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on issues such as trade, relations with NATO and climate change. ""We would like to know how things will proceed with global trade policy,"" Juncker said at a business event in Berlin.
""We would like to know what intentions he has regarding the (NATO) alliance. We must know what climate policies he intends to pursue. This must be cleared up in the next few months,"" he added.
Juncker also said he did not expect the trade deal between the U.S. and the European Union, currently being negotiated, to be done within the next two years.
""The trade deal with the United States, I do not view that as something that would happen in the next two years,"" he said.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers and Michael Nienaber and Andreas Rinke)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
207945,"NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — A federal jury's verdict Friday convicting two former insiders from Republican Gov. Chris Christie's administration in a political retaliation plot to tie up traffic at the George Washington Bridge is far from the last legal development in the case. The verdict and possibly several other rulings by the judge during the trial will be appealed, a process that could stretch several months or longer.
A look at what's next:
___
CRIMES AND PUNISHMENT
The defendants, former Christie deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey executive Bill Baroni, each were convicted on seven counts ranging from depriving local residents of Fort Lee to localized travel, which carries a one-year maximum sentence, to wire fraud, which has a 20-year maximum. They are likely to be sentenced to much less time on Feb. 21.
David Wildstein, a Port Authority official who pleaded guilty to two counts and testified for the government, faces 15 years but is expected to get between 20 and 27 months under terms of his plea agreement.
U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman said Baroni and Kelly likely will get more time than Wildstein since they chose to go to trial rather than plead guilty, but he didn't estimate a sentencing range.
___
APPEALS
Attorneys have 10 days to appeal the verdict, something they plan to do quickly, said Michael Critchley, Kelly's attorney.
They also have a pending mistrial motion that hasn't been ruled on, and they could appeal that if they lose. The motion was redacted, and attorneys haven't said what it contains. Media organizations including The Associated Press have gone to court to ask the judge to release it.
Kelly and Baroni also could appeal the judge's denial of their various motions to dismiss the indictment, filed months ago.
From their comments, Critchley and Michael Baldassare, an attorney representing Baroni, believe they have a strong argument to appeal the judge's instructions to the jury on the top count, essentially a conspiracy to use the bridge, which connects Fort Lee and New York City, for an improper purpose.
They argued the jury should have been allowed to consider whether the government proved the defendants' motive. But the judge ruled motive was not part of the crime charged.
A hearing before the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia on any of the appeals could take months to occur, and a subsequent ruling could take months more.
Fishman said Baroni and Kelly can remain out on bail before sentencing; they likely will seek to have their sentencing date postponed if appeals are pending.
___
KEEPING SCORE
Wildstein's guilty plea and Baroni's and Kelly's convictions bring to four the number of Christie's former associates or aides facing prison time.
Former Port Authority chairman David Samson, a longtime Christie mentor, pleaded guilty last summer to bribery for using his position to extract personal favors from United Airlines, the main carrier at the Port Authority-controlled Newark Liberty Airport. He is scheduled to be sentenced next month.
A fifth person, Christie's former transportation commissioner Jamie Fox, was charged along with Samson but hasn't been indicted. Fox was a United lobbyist at the time. His lawyer, who also represented Kelly, has said he will fight the charges.
___
MORE TROUBLE FOR CHRISTIE?
Democratic Assemblyman John Wisniewski and Sen. Loretta Weinberg said Friday that a special committee that looked into the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane closures should be reopened. The previous committee didn't find a direct link to Christie.
Christie denies wrongdoing and wasn't charged, but the lawmakers said that the testimony during the trial raised questions about what Christie knew and when he knew it.
Democratic Assembly Speaker Vincent Prieto said that the trial raised questions about the Christie administration's behavior and that he will talk to colleagues about possible next steps.
Christie also is facing a citizen's complaint that he violated the state's misconduct law by failing to stop the lane closures when he found out about them. A judge ruled there was probable cause to hear the case, and a first appearance is scheduled for Nov. 23.
___
Catalini reported from Trenton. Associated Press writer Michael R. Sisak contributed from Trenton.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
204900,Would it matter if either Trump or Clinton refused to concede? Yes and no Christian Science Monitor ,www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
289004,"It took some digging, but there’s finally good news coming out of Iraq. Archaeologists announced this week that they discovered the remains of a Bronze Age city in northern Iraq, less than 30 miles from Islamic State territory. A research team from the Institute for Ancient Near Eastern Studies (IANES) at the University of Tübingen in Germany uncovered the settlement in the small town of Bassetki in Iraqi Kurdistan. Researchers found concrete evidence of the settlement, including a large stone wall and a temple likely dedicated to the Mesopotamian weather god Adad. The city dates back to 3,000 B.C. and thrived for about 1,200 years. Archaeologists also discovered nearby other, later settlement layers at the site dating back to the Akkadian Empire, perhaps the first world empire, from the late 3rd century B.C. 
The discovery underscores how much history is still buried beneath a country wracked by war. “The area around Bassetki is proving to be an unexpectedly rich cultural region, which was located at the crossroads of communication ways between the Mesopotamian, Syrian, and Anatolian cultures during th e Bronze Age,” said Professor Peter Pfälzner from the University of Tübingen, one of the lead archaeologists at the site. Some 300 archaeological sites have been discovered in the region since 2013. 
Pfälzner and Hasan Qasim, an antiquities expert, led the excavation. They operated out of Dohuk, only 50 miles from the embattled Islamic State stronghold of Mosul, where Iraqi security forces are currently engaged in a street-to-street battle to take back the city. Islamic State militants are leaving a trail of mass graves , murdered civilians , and other horrors in their wake as they lose ground. 
But digging on the outskirts of a war zone didn’t dissuade the research team. “The protection of our employees is always our top priority. Despite the geographical proximity to [the Islamic State], there’s a great deal of security and stability in the Kurdish autonomous areas in Iraq,” Pfälzner said. 
The Islamic State has targeted archeological experts and sites in the past. In August, 2015, the group beheaded renowned antiquities scholar Khaled al-Asaad in the Syrian city of Palmyra, a UNESCO World Heritage site laden with ancient ruins. Asaad refused to lead militants to hidden ancient artifacts. The Islamic State destroys antiquities or loots them to bankroll its war machine. 
But with the Islamic State on the defensive in strongholds like Mosul and Raqqa, the threat to archaeologists, and the fragile sites they are excavating, may be abating. 
“We’re planning to establish a long-term archaeological research project in the region in conjunction with our Kurdish colleagues,” said Pfälzner. 
Photo credit: JOSEPH EID/AFP/Getty Images",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
103822,"Mosul (Iraq) (AFP) - Rasha rummages through her kitchen cupboard and holds up a nearly empty bag of rice -- the last of the stock of supplies for her family of five in Iraq's battleground city of Mosul. ""I don't know what will happen when this runs out,"" she told AFP, as her five-year-old son Yunus fiddled with a toy bazooka his father made him.
""We are relying on God.""
A few blocks away from the home in the densely packed Aden neighbourhood, Iraqi special forces are battling Islamic State (IS) jihadists in grinding house-to-house fighting to oust the group from Mosul, the last major population centre it controlled in the country.
But the family are among the thousands of residents of Mosul sitting tight in areas retaken by government troops and praying that the hurricane of violence will soon pass them by.
While aid agencies estimated that some 200,000 residents could flee the city in the first weeks of the fighting, five weeks into the operation only around 70,000 civilians have fled their homes.
Those who stay behind in the city -- often too scared or unable to quit -- are facing both danger and deprivation.
""We've already had three mortars hit our roof,"" said the mother-of-three.
""I am so afraid for my children.""
Power lines are cut, gas for heating is running low, and drinking water is nearly gone.
The only supplies the family receives are the occasional bags of bread and packs of bottled water the troops from Iraq's elite Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) can bring them.
But -- with temperatures at night dropping below zero Celsius -- the thought of making the perilous journey out of Mosul with three young children to one of the sprawling camps for displaced people seems daunting.
""At least here we have a roof over our head,"" Rasha said.
- 'Huge concern' -
For humanitarian agencies, trying to reach the people inside the recaptured areas of Mosul is becoming increasingly urgent.
The fighting and high risks mean that aid deliveries have been severely restricted.
The United Nations says it has been able to deliver food to some 37,000 people, but they are on the very eastern fringe of the city.
""Security and access is the big challenge,"" Inger Marie Vennize, a spokeswoman for the World Food Programme in Iraq, told AFP.
""It is a huge concern for us because we know that people need food assistance.""
Aid agencies have urged the Iraqi forces to ensure them with access or open up safe corridors.
Vennize insisted agencies were ""discussing everything all the time"" for aid to reach people who need it in Mosul, but said air drops for now were not on the table.
With fighting raging against a determined enemy who is unwilling to negotiate, there appears precious little room for manoeuvre and the operation looks set to last weeks, if not months longer.
Maan al-Saadi, a commander with the CTS, insisted that the assault was ""ahead of schedule"".
But he said IS was using unconventional methods that made retaking territory more arduous.
""They are using car bombs, suicide bombers and civilians as human shields -- this makes it difficult for us.""
On Wednesday, pro-government militias west of Mosul said they cut off the last remaining routes from Mosul to IS-held territory in Syria.
And that means the jihadists left in he city -- already willing to blow themselves up in their hundreds to slow the Iraqi advance -- are now almost certainly gearing up for a fight to the death.
""They cannot flee. They have two choices -- give up or die,"" Saadi said.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
203166,"Over her last few performances Beyoncé has gotten political. Though she had stopped short of actually explicitly endorsing a candidate, the CFDA Fashion Icon recently took to the Tidal stage wearing what some called a Hillary Clinton-inspired pantsuit and urged the audience to get out and vote. For Queen Bey’s latest appearance, she made her support crystal clear. Friday night, Beyoncé joined hubby Jay Z on stage for his #ImWithHer concert. The Clinton rally in Cleveland, Ohio, was intended to shore up support in the battleground state for America’s first major-party female nominee. Bey performed quite a few numbers for the event, among them were “Diva,” “Freedom,” as well as mash-ups with Jay Z’s songs like collaging “Bow Down” with “Tom Ford.” She even paired together Destiny’s Child’s “Independent Women” with “Run The world.” But with daughter Blue Ivy backstage, it was her first appearance to perform her hit “Formation” that got social media talking. 
Beyoncé performed in support of Hillary Clinton in Ohio (Photos: Getty Images) More For her entire set the Texan native donned a pantsuit, which  most took as an ode to Clinton herself who has been wearing pantsuits all over the campaign trail . And if you by chance thought it was a coincidence, Mrs. Carter’s suit came complemented by the true-blue suits of her backup dancers. The dancers even wore custom #ImWithHer tees under their suits. Typically known for her dance friendly leotards, it was a definite departure for the pop star. 
Read More: 69 of Hillary Clinton’s Best Style Moments 
“Less than 100 years ago women did not have the right to vote,” Bey said as a part of her speech for the event. “Look at how far we have come, from not having a voice to being on the brink of making history again by electing the first woman president.” 
“But we have to vote,” she urged. The star went on to talk about the historic election of President Obama making it a reality for her nephew Julez (Solange’s son) to realize his dreams and how the same can now be true of Blue because of Hillary. “We have to think about the future of our daughters and sons and vote for someone who cares for them as much as we do.” 
“And that is why, I’m with her.” she ended. 
The look included the polka dot suit as well as some heavy jewelry on the neck, something that has been a consistent styling tactic of Beyoncé in her formation era. It was likely styled by Zerina Akers who styled recent appearances like both Beyoncé’s  Halloween looks , her Tidal suit and even part of her Country Music Award performance. 
Follow us on Facebook , Instagram , and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
225347,"Time to get organised people [Photo: Getty] More Just. So. Much. Stuff. Feeling overwhelmed by the amount of stuff you own? You’re not alone. Two out of three of us admit to wishing we had less stuff – you know receipts stuffed in a drawer, unworn clothes in the wardrobe, emails clogging up the inbox. But with studies revealing that a house full of junk can have a detrimental effect on your mood, it could be time to finally sort your sh*t out. “Clutter is a metaphorical weight on your shoulders,” explains Olga Levancuka is a life coach and author of ‘How To Be Selfish’. Clearing the clutter can have a benefit not just on your space, but also your health with psychologists finding that women with overly cluttered homes have higher levels of the stress hormone cortisol which can have far reaching consequences not only on your stress levels but also your overall health. Meanwhile a study by UCLA showed that physical clutter affects people’s ability to focus, process information, and be productive. “If you can see it, whether you realise it or not, it’s on your mind and if it’s on your mind – even if you don’t acknowledge or realise it – anxiety starts to creep in and before you know it, you feel more weighted. If you have felt tired lately or can’t fell asleep as easily as you used to perhaps its time to declutter,” says Olga. And considering this week marks National Organising Week (NOW) , what better time to tackle your stuffocation… Your Wardrobe Research from Barclaycard has revealed that we’re wasting a massive £1,033 worth of wardrobe space by storing clothes and accessories we don’t wear. The average Brit wears less than half (41%) of their wardrobe items on a regular basis, and over a tenth (12%) just once or never at all. Time to stop being a fashion stasher! First identify the clothes you’re not wearing, storage expert, Alison Handling has a handy tip. “Hang your clothes with the hangers facing all one way. Then when you wear the clothes and return them to the wardrobe place the hanger the opposite way. After three months check how many hangers have been untouched and clothes unworn.” Stylist Alex Longmore suggests creating 3 piles: one to keep, one for charity shops/to throw away and one “to mend” pile. “The keep pile should be the only one in your wardrobe and be strict with yourself and don’t have a ‘maybe’ pile, if you’re not sure, send it to a charity shop.” Wardrobe of dreams [Photo: Getty] More Your Handbag Elizabeth Hearn, mindfulness expert and iCAAD presenter, suggests adopting an essentials only discipline. “Lose the ‘emotional need’ to be prepared, because it usually never happens.” “Nobody enjoys that feeling of digging around in our handbags searching for something like a needle in a haystack, but you can banish the stress in a few simple steps,” says Vicky Silverthorn , professional organiser and author of Start with Your Sock Drawer: The Simple Guide to Living a Less Cluttered Life Vicky suggests emptying the entire contents of your bag and laying it all out in categories: make-up, stationary, toiletries, meds or vitamins, tech and miscellaneous. “Then buy some small toiletry bags (all different is best). This is how many bags you will need unless you are happy to combine. Give your keys a ‘go to’ place or pocket.” Ta da! NEVER loose or rummage again! Your technology E-hoarder? Time to clean up, digitally speaking. “Get into a habit of unsubscribing from anything that you are not sure about or that you keep receiving out of habit,” says Olga. “Delete daily at least 20 emails, from your junk box or even old ones which have accumulated for whatever reason. From being the person who avoids checking emails, you’ll start to feel excited to see your inbox filling in with work and social invitations.” And the digital decluttering doesn’t stop with your inbox. “If you’ve moved all your social interactions to other technologies such as WhatsApp – you need to clear this too. It takes up a lot of your android’s memory space, which could be used for your favourite music and newly discovered audio books. And just to have some available memory is also good as it gives you the feeling like you have ‘space’,” Olga continues. Read More Your make-up Whether you’re a beauty fiend or your make-up bag is more on the minimalist side, Vicky Silverthorn says we’re all guilty of keeping products we never use. “Make-up does have a shelf life, so you need to get rid of all that is probably now bacteria riddled,” she says. “First empty every single bit of make up you have in your home and lay it out. Categorise and get rid of the old and the manky, then buy some make-up bacteria spray and get spraying.” Vicky recommends introducing an organised system where that enables you to see the products you have. “If you can’t see it there is no way you will remember to use it. We use what is in view.” She suggests using drawer dividers like these from the Holding Company . Your social life Yep even your diary needs a spring clean now and then. “Spending time with the people who like and love you is great but you also need some ‘me time’ and you might also want to dedicate time to achieve your own personal or career goals,” says Olga. “Being social has its time and place. Declutter your diary from social appointments with people who are not that important to you and spend less time going out with them. Prioritise time with friends and people who matter to you the most and allocate some time for yourself.” Olga also believes it can be beneficial to declutter your social media feeds too. “Remove outdated images or quotes from your Instagram account or else. You are constantly evolving, don’t let the clutter of outdated photos and sayings to drag you back to who you used to be,” she says. Your junk drawer Everyone has one. That drawer where you stuff everything from receipts to raggedy old keys. “This task is easier than you think and will take you all of 20 minutes,” says Vicky Silverthorn. “Don’t use the rummaging method it will bore you. Tip it all out Use a tea towel to empty it on if you haven’t been in there for a while!” Vicky suggests having a bin bag ready to discard everything you don’t use, know you will never use and that you can truly live without. “Use drawer dividers or even shoe box lids (I use a kitchen utensils tray in mine) to separate items so you can see them. Everyone is allowed a junk drawer but having one that is organised makes it far more practical.” Even your To-do list can benefit from a good decluttering [Photo: Getty] More Your to-do list Drowning in must-dos? We feel ya! “This one is about being honest with yourself,” says Olga. “If you keep moving even one task from one to do list to another for a few weeks, it’s clear that you will never tackle the task. In this case, your cluttered to do list is only scratching the surface and covering the real issues.” Olga suggests only keep the tasks you will actually do on your to do list. “This will give you some breathing space and a feeling of being released from a lifetime obligation,” she explains. “Then, go for the root of your problem. What you’re not doing is not being honest with yourself by dragging those tasks you never do from one list to another.” Your desk “The most important thing about decluttering your desk is to have one simple action tray,” says Vicky Silverthorn. “Anything within this tray is something you have to do, though I think ‘to action’ is a far friendlier term. As long as your filing system is easy and non-faffy then an over flowing filing tray can also be avoided.” Vicky suggests using a drawer system for filing like this Bisley 10 drawer cabinet . “Within the drawers separate documents you need to with thumb-cut files and label at the end so that it is visible. Keep categories basic and collated. Remember any system that you implement that is unnecessarily complicated means you are less likely to keep it up.” Elizabeth Hearn, mindfulness expert and iCAAD presenter, has another desk de-cluttering tip. “Shred. Scan all your receipts, essential documents and photos. Store sentimental cards, letters and notes in recycled online-delivery boxes – Zara’s are perfect.” A tidy desk = a tidy mind and all that. A tidy desk = a tidy mind [Photo: Getty] More Your mind “If there’s one thing worse than having a cluttered home or work space, that’s having a cluttered mind,” says Dominica Roszko, health expert, and founder of www.vegerasta.com “A cluttered mind is unfocused, constantly distracted and restless. It tries to move in many different directions at once and the result is that very little gets done. Mental clutter pulls us off centre, disrupting our balance.” Dominica has some simple tips for decluttering your mind: Breathe. Very simple and effective. Take a deep breath, and concentrate on your breathing as it comes into your body, and then as it goes out. You will immediately notice a calming effect. Write It Down. You don’t need to keep everything stored in your brain. Choose a tool—it can be an online tool, an app, or even a notepad—and write down everything that you need to remember (appointments, phone numbers, to-do-lists, shopping lists, ideas, things to check later, etc.) Keep a Journal. Write down all of your thoughts, worries, hopes, and experiences. It allows you to observe the events and your current situation from the distance. Treat it as a therapy. Do it everyday as the more you do it, the more peaceful you’ll become. Appreciate an Alternative Activity. Everyone needs to switch off – whether that’s with the family, friends or becoming immersed in a hobby or activity they love. Get active. It will get your endorphins moving! Exercise helps control your weight, prevent illness, boost energy, and improve your mood. It helps you sleep better, feel better, and focus better. Find something that inspires you. There’s no point in committing to daily running at 6am, if you are not a morning person or simply hate running. Choose an activity you love. Share your best decluttering tips @YahooStyleUK",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
58057,"Thousands of New Yorkers have pledged to commute with people who fear harassment after the election, and it is such a powerful example of solidarity Cameron Glover Pin it Share More The results of the presidential election have left many citizens feeling some pretty complicated and intense emotions — confusion, anger, apprehension, and even sadness and fear for what’s in store for them throughout president-elect Donald Trump’s four years in office. In a beautiful and direct stand against hate, thousands of New Yorkers are pledging to commute with people who fear being targeted in acts of violence following the election. And sadly, there has been a significant increase in post-election harassment and targeted violence , specifically towards marginalized communities. Kayla Santosuosso, who is the deputy director of the New York Arab American Association, was inspired into action after she got a message about a woman on the subway who was harassed. She had the idea for a buddy system, specifically for the people who are most vulnerable to being targeted in hate crimes. After posting a Google doc on social media, she was met with an outpouring of responses from fellow New Yorkers — with more than 7,000 people signing up, just at the time of this publication. The power of social media and the desire to channel frustration into direct change is what makes these efforts so successful, and why so many folks are stepping up as allies. But Santosuosso isn’t stopping there — she’s urging more people to get involved in their own communities as well. Despite all of the hardship that is on the horizon for us under a Trump presidency, it’s inspiring to see the push for change starting with our own neighbors.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
67728,"Drake Busts Out Amazing Dance Moves to Taylor Swift's 'Bad Blood' After Shouting Out 'Degrassi' at the AMAs Alex Ungerman Share Drake and Taylor Swift's relationship is anything but ""Bad Blood."" The ""One Dance"" rapper landed his own Apple Music spot and may have just topped Swift's infamous treadmill fall, which took place while she was listening to Drake & Future's ""Jumpman."" Not only do we get to see his own painful workout fail, but Drake also treats us to some of his signature amazing dance moves while pumping iron to the 1989 singer's hit. The new ad debuted at the 2016 American Music Awards, before Taylor shared her approval on Instagram. For comparison, here's Taylor's original spot, which he was paying homage to. Surely, this will do nothing to quell the romance rumors that were ignited after Drake shared a photo with Taylor from his star-studded birthday party in October. This wasn't Drake's only amazing moment of the night. While accepting the AMA for Favorite Rap/Hip Hop album for Views , the rapper also gave some love to his former Degrassi co-star Nina Dobrev, who presented the award in a mini-reunion for the Canadian teen drama stars! Getty Images MORE: Bruno Mars Kicks Off the 2016 AMAs With '24k Magic' Performance and His Dance Moves Are Better Than Ever! ""We've come along way, you know,"" he told his TV classmate with a smile. ""Congratulations on all your success."" Fans on the internet went crazy over the shout-out, which even prompted the Degrassi show Twitter account to tweet, ""Big congrats on the #AMAs win @Drake and thanks for the shout-out! #SixDegreesOfDegrassi."" Big congrats on the #AMAs win @Drake and thanks for the shout-out! #SixDegreesOfDegrassi",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
217331,"InStyle November 4, 2016 For the uninitiated, the macaron (not to be confused with the similarly named coconut-flavored treat, macaroon ) is an elegant and airy meringue confection born in bakeries of Italy and perfected in the patisseries of Paris. It was originally a single-layered crumble until the 20th century, when a man named Pierre Desfontaines, the second cousin of Ernest Laduree, decided to add cream and attach two macaron cookies together ... et voil?! The macaron was born. The sweet treats have since been embraced by elite leading ladies onscreen (see: Blair Waldorf in Gossip Girl and Marie Antoinette in Sofia Coppola's 2006 film). Now, you can have them delivered right to your door from pastry shops across the globe. VIDEO: How to Make Perfect Macarons Shop six of our favorites below. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
199361,"Rome (AFP) - Two Italians and a Canadian who were kidnapped in the south of conflict-torn Libya in September have been released and flown to Italy ""in good health"", the Italian government announced Saturday. The Italians, Danilo Calonego, 66, and Bruno Cacace, 56, and Canadian Frank Poccia were freed during the night ""due to the effective cooperation with local Libyan authorities,"" it said in a statement.
The three men were kidnapped on September 19 in Ghat, close to the Algerian border, where they worked for an Italian company that carried out maintenance at the airport. An armed group blocked their vehicle and took them hostage.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi praised Libyan security forces and expressed his ""sincere gratitude for the solidarity"" shown by several mayors in the south of Libya.
Italy's foreign ministry said the three arrived in Italy at around 3am (0200 GMT).
In Rome, where prosecutors had opened an investigation into a suspected terrorist kidnapping, a magistrate debriefed the three men for seven hours, according to the Italian AGI news agency.
They said they had been well-treated and that their captors were most likely common criminals with no religious or terrorist affiliations, the agency reported.
Several Italian companies are present in Libya, a former colony, and their expatriate staff have often fallen prey to kidnappers in recent years.
In July 2015, four Italians working for a construction company were kidnapped near an oil field operated by Italian oil giant ENI in the region of Mellitah, west of Tripoli.
Two of the hostages were killed more than six months into their ordeal, likely in clashes between jihadists and local militiamen.
The other two were freed in March this year, in a raid on Islamic State group hideouts near the capital.
Chaos has engulfed Libya since the 2011 NATO-backed ouster of dictator Moamer Kadhafi.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
211343,"Haylie Duff's Daughter Loves This Surprisingly Healthy Dish Samantha Simon Share Credit: Getty Haylie Duff is constantly sharing creative recipes on her blog The Real Girls Kitchen , but it's offline in her own kitchen where the star's biggest fans, fiance Matt Rosenberg and one-year-old daughter Ryan, get to test out her recipes firsthand. ""I end up making stuffed shells for my family a lot because they're my fiance's favorite,"" Duff recently told InStyle when we caught up with her at the New York City Wine and Food Festival. ""I definitely play to my audience quite a bit."" That includes catering to her daughter, who's already developed an advanced palette at her young age. ""She really loves salmon, and she eats it all the time,"" said Duff. ""She also loves lentils made in the slow cooker with all kinds of vegetables in it. It sounds like I'm making this up, but those are really her two favorite recipes."" (Check out her kid-friendly recipe for lentils and stewed tomatoes and her recipe for salmon skewers on her blog.) Credit: realgirlskitchen/Instagram Duff couldn't be happier that Ryan is a fan of such grown-up dishes. ""I'm thrilled about it, quite honestly,"" she said. ""She loves all kinds of snacks and crackers, too--and she'll for sure get down on some mac 'n cheese. But for now, the only thing that she says 'Nom, nom, nom' to is salmon."" RELATED: Haylie Duff's 3 Go-To Kitchen Gadgets While Ryan opts for seafood, her mom prefers poultry. ""My favorite meal is chicken with shallots, bacon or pancetta, lime, lemon, and some olive oil,"" she said. ""It's flavorful comfort food that reminds me of growing up in the South and the way that my mom and my grandmother cooked. Plus, it's made in one skillet and doesn't require a lot since it mostly includes ingredients that you normally have in your refrigerator."" For Duff, the ability to whip up a meal without making an extreme effort is key. ""I'm really into easy cooking, so I love one-skillet dishes,"" she said. ""If I can make a meal in one dish and then throw that dish in the sink and wash it really easily, that tends to be my favorite way to cook."" VIDEO: Holiday Entertaining with Emily Henderson Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
90968,"Lady Gaga Wows at the 2016 American Music Awards With a Barefoot Performance of 'Million Reasons' Rachel McRady Pin it Share She's done it again! Lady Gaga didn't disappoint on Sunday night when she took to the stage at the 2016 American Music Awards to perform ""Million Reasons,"" her heartfelt country ballad. The chart-topper opted for a black, studded leather cowgirl outfit and bare feet for her performance. It was a much different look than her red carpet ensemble, a chic and breezy white pantsuit topped with a wide-brimmed hat. Prior to the show, Gaga left her Little Monsters in the dark as she posted a series of mysterious videos to social media, teasing the performance. #AMAs Rehearsal! #Joanne and her vibes are rollin' though!! 💕💕 pic.twitter.com/cp7jQ8GT2s — xoxo, Joanne (@ladygaga) November 20, 2016 After Snapchatting several muted videos of herself playing an acoustic guitar and enjoying a sunny day out with her French bulldogs, Asia and Koji, she shared a clip from a grassy hillside, writing, ""Happiness is this beautiful American earth. See u at the AMAs. Hope to share a piece of my soul with you."" Gigi Hadid and Jay Pharoah hosted this year's show , which featured performances from Bruno Mars , John Legend , Ariana Grande , and more. Gaga was a very vocal supporter of Hillary Clinton throughout the election season. Watch the video below to see her political statements ever since Donald Trump was declared president-elect. Related Articles",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
203303,"(Musician Ted Nugent grabs his crotch at a campaign rally for Donald Trump in Sterling Heights, Michigan.AP Photo/Paul Sancya) 
Ted Nugent groped himself onstage Sunday while warming up a crowd in Michigan for Donald Trump. “I’ve got your blue state right here,” Nugent said as he grabbed his crotch. “Black and blue.”
The vulgar visual display came while the outspoken rocker insisted the “real Michigan” was a conservative state and should not be a member of the Democratic electoral firewall.
Nugent laced his introduction of Trump with profanity, saying Michigan had “the hardest working s---kickers mankind has ever known.”
It was an odd turn of events. In recent days, Trump has criticized Hillary Clinton for a Jay Z concert in which the rapper repeatedly used profanity.
As he has crisscrossed the country in a frantic last-minute push to turn out the vote in key battleground states, Trump has also boasted that he does not need star power to draw individuals to his rallies.
“There’s no guitar, there are no pianos,” he said at the Michigan rally on Sunday, moments after Nugent left the stage with his guitar.
A representative for the Trump campaign did not immediately return a request for comment.
Here's video of the moment: 

More From Business Insider 

Report: Trump's aides have finally taken control over his Twitter account 
Watch Donald Trump give a startlingly different account of how Obama handled a protester in North Carolina 
Trump rushed off stage at rally by Secret Service",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
171493,"Pin it Share FILE - In this Oct. 10, 2016 file photo, author Dan Brown arrives for the premiere of the movie ""Inferno"" in Berlin. Brown will attend BookCon, the fourth annual fan-based show to be held next June 3-4 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber, File) More NEW YORK (AP) — ""The Da Vinci Code"" author Dan Brown is coming to BookCon. The fourth annual fan-based show will be held next June 3-4 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, according to ReedPop, which produces the event. Earlier that week, the publishing industry will meet at the Javits Center for its annual national convention, BookExpo. Brown will likely discuss his next novel, ""Origin,"" scheduled to come out in September and featuring the author's favored protagonist, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon. ReedPop announced Thursday that such popular young adult authors as Cassandra Clare, Shannon Hale and Danielle Paige also are expected to attend. BookCon was started as a consumer-oriented extension of BookExpo. Previous speakers have included Amy Poehler, John Green and Mindy Kaling. Reblog",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
41873,"Oscar Dark Horse Simon Helberg on Working With Meryl Streep: ‘Intimate and Terrifying’ More A version of this story about Simon Helbert first appeared in the “Dark Horses We Love” feature in The Oscar Race Begins issue of TheWrap Magazine. Simon Helberg didn’t know what to make of the email. He’d been making a living as an actor for years, and he had a co-starring role on a huge TV show, “The Big Bang Theory” — but he wasn’t a movie star by any means, and yet there was this message in his inbox that seemed to be offering a crazy opportunity. “It had Meryl Streep’s name in it, and Stephen Frears’ name, and it said something like, ‘Would you consider reading this script and possibly playing this role?'” he said, shaking his head. “I didn’t understand. Honestly, I almost put it into the Nigerian-prince file of emails.” But he didn’t, and so Helberg ended up in “Florence Foster Jenkins” as Cosme McMoon, the long-suffering and somewhat bewildered accompanist to Streep’s title character, a formidable society woman who insists on performing opera in public despite the fact that she’s an absolutely wretched singer. Also Read: 'Florence Foster Jenkins' Review: Meryl Streep Achieves Greatness as an Awful Singer Streep and Helberg make a marvelous pair, tremendously funny with a tinge of poignancy–and while you can’t really say that anybody has ever stolen a movie from Ms. Streep, Helberg holds his own and is the film’s biggest surprise. “It was kind of tailor-made for me in many ways,” said Helberg, an accomplished pianist who nonetheless wasn’t familiar with the classical repertoire he’d be playing, though he lied to director Frears and said he was. “I could particularly relate to Cosme being thrust into a situation that is bigger than anything he’s ever seen. “It is that mix of shock and awe and bewilderment, and it takes a lot of processing. The sweating and the giggling came naturally, and it’s a gift when the situation you’re in lends itself to the story you’re telling.” Also Read: Meryl Streep Explains Why She Wanted to Sing So Badly in 'Florence Foster Jenkins' Getting the job after that initial email, he added, was quick and easy. “I thought I’d have to do an obstacle course or a six-year experiment where they could vouch that I could go on the set and hold my own,” he said. “But it was shockingly easy and fast. Part of it, I think, is because Stephen doesn’t have a very long attention span, so he doesn’t want to sit around while people audition and do this and that.” And when he talked about working so closely with Streep, Helberg still sounded as if he’s trying to process what happened. “I literally got to make music with her,” he said, “which was intimate and terrifying and really rewarding.” Read more of TheWrap Magazine’s The Race Begins Oscars Issue .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
202090,"Moscow (AFP) - President Vladimir Putin signed off Thursday on a decree granting Russian citizenship to US action hero actor Steven Seagal, the latest high-profile passport handout to a Western celebrity. Hollywood star Seagal and judo-loving Kremlin tough guy Putin have struck up a bromance in recent years, with Seagal visiting Russia repeatedly and defending Moscow's 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine.
""He was asking quite insistently and over a lengthy period to be granted citizenship,"" Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told journalists.
""He is well known for his warm feelings towards our country and has never hidden them.""
Seagal is the latest in a string of high-profile Westerners to be granted Russian citizenship after buddying up with Putin.
Veteran French actor Gerard Depardieu was given a Russian passport in 2013 after the star became a tax exile in ire over rate hikes in his native country.
Putin has also handed out citizenship to US boxer Roy Jones Jr after sipping tea with him in Crimea and to American mixed martial artist Jeff Monson.
Seagal's fame peaked in the late 1980s and early 1990s with films such as ""Under Siege"" and ""Above the Law"", but he remains hugely popular in eastern Europe and was granted Serbian citizenship in January.
Like Depardieu, he has previously hung out with Putin, a fellow martial arts fan, and other strongmen leaders from the former Soviet Union.
After Russia's annexation of Crimea, Seagal called Putin ""one of the great living world leaders"" and even performed with his blues band in the annexed Black Sea peninsula.
In August, veteran Belarussian leader Alexander Lukashenko made Seagal eat one of his homegrown carrots in an awkward encounter that drew mockery online.
For more news videos visit Yahoo View , available now on iOS .",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
175832,"By Ivan Castro and Enrique Pretel MANAGUA (Reuters) - Former Marxist guerilla leader Daniel Ortega is expected to easily clinch a third consecutive term as President of Nicaragua on Sunday, buoyed by steady economic growth that has trumped fears he is trying to install autocratic family rule.
Ortega and his running mate, his wife Rosario Murillo, have nearly 70 percent support, according to a recent poll, tapping into strong voter approval for a drop in poverty in one of the poorest countries in the Americas since he took office in 2007.
Emerging as leader of the Sandinista movement that toppled dictator Anastasio Somoza in 1979, Ortega served one term as president in the 1980s before being sidelined for years.
By the time he won Nicaragua's 2006 election he was talking about Jesus Christ in his speeches.
Opponents have accused Ortega of trying to set up a ""family dictatorship"" since he appointed relatives to key posts, and after his Sandinistas pushed constitutional changes through Congress that ended presidential term limits in 2014.
""Ortega gets his way and he doesn't care if he violates the rights of others,"" said Maximino Rodriguez, candidate of the center-right Liberal Constitutionalist Party (PLC), Ortega's closest rival polling just 8 percent support.
""Supposedly he fought against the Somoza dictatorship, and the Sandinistas themselves regard Ortega as worse than Somoza,"" he added, arguing Ortega was just trying to cling to power.
There is certainly no obvious challenger.
The opposition has been in disarray since Pedro Reyes used the courts to wrest leadership of the Independent Liberal Party (PLI), the main group, from Eduardo Montealegre in June.
PLI congressmen who refused to accept the decision, calling Reyes a puppet of Ortega, were dismissed.
Hernan Selva, a 22-year-old engineering student and Ortega supporter, dismissed as ""the kicks of a drowning man"" the complaints by Rodriguez, who fought the Sandinistas in the 1980s as part of a right-wing paramilitary force known as the Contras.
U.S. and international organizations voiced concern about Montealegre's ouster and Ortega's refusal to host international observers for the vote. Still, the World Bank acknowledges that under Ortega, poverty has fallen almost 13 percentage points.
Ortega, who has made few campaign appearances, has promised to defend his social and economic achievements if he wins.
A substantial part of those gains have been funded by Venezuelan petrodollars that have underpinned social programs, helped private business, and slashed energy costs.
Ortega has also forged alliances with entrepreneurs, helping Nicaragua to achieve average growth of 5 percent in the past five years, buttressed by high prices for its meat, coffee and gold exports, as well as remittances and foreign investment.
Despite some ups and downs, Ortega and U.S. President Barack Obama have maintained a relatively cordial relationship, demonstrating the 70-year-old's dramatic shift from a leftist firebrand to a diplomat who maintains ties with a Cold War foe.
But democracy remains a touchy subject.
A U.S. bill known as the Nica Act seeks to condition financial assistance to Nicaragua on improvements in democracy, human rights, and battling anti-corruption, leading Ortega's government to decry ""interference"" from Washington in September.
(Additional reporting by Enrique Pretel; Writing by Alexandra Alper; Editing by Dave Graham, Simon Gardner and Andrew Hay)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
78154,"MOSUL, Iraq (AP) — He claimed to be a native of Mosul and said he had just escaped his embattled neighborhood. When his cell phone chirped cheerfully, he said it was his mother calling and picked up. But the clean-shaven man seemed to have a Syrian accent, not Iraqi. His conversation with whoever was on the other end of the line was strange at times as he gave details on the situation in the nearby districts. ""We're wearing enough and we have everything we need,"" he assured the caller.
Iraqi troops nearby eyed him suspiciously as he spoke to The Associated Press on Nov. 12 just after he showed up with his wife and toddler daughter among dozens of people fleeing fighting in Mosul. The troops then took him aside and detained him, believing he was an Islamic State group member.
The man illustrated the difficulty of knowing friend from foe in a chaotic war. Iraqi forces assaulting the city are on the lookout for IS fighters or members trying to slip out of the city with other residents, whether to escape or to sneak behind the lines to carry out attacks. A strange accent or odd behavior can draw suspicion.
Government forces are already struggling to deal with thousands of civilians trying to escape the fighting and thousands more still in the middle of it, hunkered down in their homes. One Iraqi official told the AP that 25 militants had previously been caught hiding among refugees.
That same day, a contact inside IS-held parts of the city called the AP and said the group was having its fighters shave their signature beards — required of all men in Mosul under their own rules — and sending them out among civilians.
From the thousands leaving the city, troops separate men from women and children and question the men, even young adolescents, trying to determine if any are fighters.
The Iraqi president, Fuad Massoum, said often other locals recognize IS members. ""They (the locals) inform us about them. ... Those who are exposed (by civilians) are imprisoned,"" Massoum said, speaking to the AP in Morocco, where he was attending a climate conference.
The man, who appeared to be in his 30s or early 40s, approached an AP team in Gogjali, one of several districts on Mosul's eastern edge that Iraqi forces have retaken from IS.
The neighborhood had theoretically been seized by Iraqi forces two weeks ago, but was still in chaos. The Islamic State group singled out Gogjali for ""an exhausting war on the streets"" against Iraqi troops as recently as last week.
In one compound that soldiers said had been cleared of IS fighters, the small yard was littered with melted explosives and a severed human spine. In the driveway was a charred armor-plated car of the kind IS sends out by the dozens as suicide bombs.
The man pulled up in a truck along with about 60 others he said were his relatives. His 2-year-old daughter, wearing a full-length black dress, ambled alongside him. His wife, also in black, pulled down a full-face veil when the interview started.
Freshly shaven except for a small patch of facial hair on his chin, the man said he was a native of Mosul and gave his name as Omar Danoun, though it is not known if that was his real name. He had no problem appearing on camera, but insisted on wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap. His wife reluctantly agreed to sit alongside him.
The group of men, women and children he arrived with initially sat in the shade by a wall but then all rose at once and walked away, rolling suitcases behind them as they disappeared into the streets of Gogjali, without going through the processing Iraqi troops carry out before allowing people into the camps.
Listening later to an audio recording of the interview, two Iraqi AP journalists and a Syrian said his accent in Arabic was Syrian, not Iraqi. His wife's accent seemed to be Iraqi, but not from Mosul, which has its distinct linguistic particularities.
The family said they fled that morning from their home in eastern Mosul's Saddam neighborhood, the old name for Zahra, a district captured several days ago by Iraqi forces.
The man said he had vowed that if he ever got out of Mosul he would tell the world what life there had been like under IS rule. He complained about not being able to move freely and said he and his family were detained by IS at one point for trying to escape to Turkey.
But while many who have fled Mosul are thin and make a point of talking about the city's lack of food and communication, he said he managed to run businesses in Baghdad and Irbil and never wanted for food.
Then his phone rang and he asked to pause the camera while he took a call he said was from his mother.
Perhaps attracted by his accent, Iraqi soldiers silently encircled the family from a few meters away. Smoking and speaking on the phone, he seemed not to notice, although he and his wife both anxiously asked again if the camera had been turned off. One of the soldiers quietly told the AP team that he was a member of the Islamic State group.
The man, meanwhile, told his caller he was speaking to journalists but denied he was being filmed. He then advised them to stay away from the neighborhood he had fled, saying the Iraqi army was at his house.
""If any of you come near the Iraqi army they'll kill him,"" he told the caller, then paused to listen to the response. ""Ehsan will come to give them a mobile credit. Do not speak with each other by phone. And now, when you hang up, remove the SIM card from the phone.""
He put the phone down and struggled to answer one last question: How is it he and those he spoke with freely used their mobile phones, something that under IS rule in Mosul meant death if they were caught?
His cell rang again. Gunshots rang out in a nearby street.
The interview was over. The soldiers moved in. He pulled out an Iraqi passport and told them he was from Mosul. What appeared to be a second passport peeked from his pocket. He calmly explained his situation, his face betraying neither fear nor distress.
He was taken into custody.
___
Rohlat Khaleel in Mosul and AP correspondents Qassim Abdul Zahra and Sinan Salaheddin in Baghdad and Jeff Schaeffer in Marrakech, Morocco contributed.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
280280,"AHS: Roanoke: Season 6's 10 Most 'I Can't Believe My Eyes!' Moments Charlie Mason Pin it Share OK, technically, a better title for this countdown would probably have been American Horror Story: Roanoke ’s Top 10 Most “I Don’t Want to Believe My Eyes!” Moments. RELATED American Horror Story: Roanoke Recap: It’s All Over But the Dying Heaven knows, Season 6 of FX’s popular anthology series — with its variety pack of ghosts, man-eating rednecks and Lady Gaga as the original Supreme — has very regularly challenged its audience to watch without resorting to covering their peepers and peeking through their fingers. But which of the show’s horrifying sights packed the biggest frights? Which of its gruesome murders sent us lunging for a bucket to barf in? And which of its trippy visions left us wondering what the hell we were even looking at? RELATED American Horror Story Renewed for (Top-Secret, Duh) Season 7 at FX Click on the photo gallery to the right to see how your friends at TVLine answered those questions. Then, as the season draws to what we’re sure will be its bloody conclusion (Wednesday, 10/9c), hit the comments with the scenes that dealt you the biggest shocks.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
250796,"Beijing (AFP) - China's retail sales growth slowed to 10.0 percent on-year in October, government data showed Monday, missing expectations in a worrying sign for domestic demand in the world's second-largest economy. October's industrial output growth matched the previous month's figure at 6.1 percent, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said, also slightly below forecasts in a Bloomberg News survey of economists.
China is a key driver of the world economy but its expansion has slowed significantly from the double-digit years of the past.
Now Beijing is seeking to make a difficult transition away from dependence on exports and heavy industry toward consumption as the key driver of the economy, but the process is proving bumpy.
""It could be the consumer participation in growth is declining,"" said independent Hong Kong-based analyst Andrew Collier. ""It’s harder for the government to control retail sales than (fixed-asset investment) or industrial production, which is heavily state-driven.""
Beijing has ramped up fiscal stimulus and loose credit to keep the economy on target to meet its 6.5 to 7 percent growth target for the year.
Fixed-asset investment, a gauge of infrastructure spending, rose 8.3 percent in the first ten months of the year.
The NBS figures showed an October jump in real-estate investment, which grew 6.6 percent in the first 10 months, compared with 2.0 percent in the same period last year.
""Growth momentum likely got help from steady property investment in October,"" said Zhao Yang of Nomura in a note.
But concerns about surging housing prices caused authorities to roll out cooling measures in major cities last month, which will slowly take effect and lead to a moderate growth slowdown next year, he added.
The factory output figures -- which showed accelerating growth in output of steel, glass and cement last month -- reflected an increase in investment spending, said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics.
""Although state-sector investment remains strongest, much of the recent recovery has come from a marked rebound in private investment, which had stagnated earlier this year,"" he said, adding that recent policies to rein in credit growth and the hot property market will cause the economy to ""fizzle out"" early next year.
Investors were unfazed by the data as Chinese stocks ended the morning session slightly higher Monday.
NBS spokesman Mao Shengyong said the slowdown in consumption growth was due mainly to a higher base of comparison last year as automobile sales surged thanks to government tax cuts.
""The national economy, under the continuing effect of a series of policies, has maintained the momentum of moderate but stable development with quality improved,"" Mao told reporters, adding that the trend will ""not see any clear change"" in the fourth quarter.
The policies of ""cutting overcapacity, reducing inventory, deleveraging, lowering costs and strengthening weak links"" influenced the results, he added.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
201627,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A CBS News poll released on Monday showed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton holding a 4-point lead over Republican Donald Trump, 45 percent to 41 percent. The survey of 1,753 U.S. adults was taken Nov. 2-6 and has a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points.
A Washington Post/ABC poll released earlier on Monday also found Clinton with a 4 percentage point lead. A separate Bloomberg Politics-Selzer & Co poll found a 3 point lead for the former secretary of state.
(Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
24403,"CHICAGO (AP) — Chicago police said charges could be announced soon in the fatal shooting of an Illinois congressman's grandson following an argument over a pair of basketball shoes. Officer Michelle Tannehill said two juveniles are in custody and are considered suspects in the killing of 15-year-old Javon Wilson, who was shot in the head at his home in Chicago on Friday. Wilson is the grandson of longtime U.S. Rep. Danny Davis.
""The detectives are continuing their interrogations and charges are expected,"" Tannehill said on Saturday night. The juveniles in custody have not been identified.
Police earlier said the shooting stemmed from a dispute over basketball shoes. Wilson knew his attackers and they may have been friends at some point.
Davis said he was told that a 15-year-old boy had traded slacks for shoes with Wilson's 14-year-old brother, but thought better of the trade and went to Wilson's house with a 17-year-old girl. He said the pair forced their way in the house and argued with Wilson before the boy pulled a gun and fired.
Davis, a Democratic member of the House for 20 years, told The Associated Press on Saturday that his grandson was a victim of a world where gun violence has become commonplace.
""It's almost, just the way it is. People think nothing of it,"" Davis said.
""Youngsters invariably say, 'I know a lot of guys who've got guns. I know a lot of girls who've got guns,'"" Davis said. ""It becomes a part of the culture of an environment that has got to change.""
Chicago has seen a dramatic rise in the number of shootings and homicides, with August being the deadliest month in the city in two decades. There have been 673 homicides so far this year, including the fatal shootings of the cousin of Chicago Bulls basketball star Dwyane Wade, a Chicago police officer's son and the son of a famed percussionist.
Davis, who was re-elected this month to his 11th term in the 7th Congressional District and is a former Chicago alderman, was in Chicago on Friday and spoke with reporters after talking to police. He wondered how the shooter obtained the gun and said he'd continue to try to combat gun violence.
Davis said his grandson was ""a pretty regular kid"" who loved playing basketball and knew all the pros and their stats, who also loved music and whose grades were improving after a rough patch.
""The question becomes where does a 15-year-old obtain a gun? Who let the 15-year-old have a gun and under what circumstances?"" Davis asked. ""There's no answer for that except that the availability of guns is so prevalent in America to the point where you almost can't tell who has a gun"" anymore.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
181872,"Lorde, the New Zealand singer who enjoyed phenomenal success while still a teenager, celebrated her 20th birthday Monday by announcing a new album that will explore becoming an adult. The long-awaited follow-up to her blockbuster 2013 debut album ""Pure Heroine"" will be out soon, she said, without giving a date.
""Writing 'Pure Heroine' was my way of enshrining our teenage glory, putting it up in lights forever so that part of me never dies, and this record -- well, this one is about what comes next,"" she wrote on Facebook around midnight in New York, where she has been recording the album.
Turning 20, ""I'm not a kid any more, and more and more I'm realizing that the weirdness of those Mylar balloons is going to be okay,"" she added, referring to the shiny balloons given for celebrations.
Having written songs since age 13, Lorde became an international sensation with her song ""Royals,"" a mocking look at the pursuit of material wealth that won the Grammy for Song of the Year in 2014.
Lorde, whose real name is Ella Yelich-O'Connor, has managed to avoid the excesses and tabloid headline-generating lifestyle that are notorious among child stars.
She made ""a very deliberate choice to withdraw from public life"" over the past year, she wrote, and enjoyed the greater anonymity for the most part.
""I started to discover in a profound, scary, blood-aching way who I was when I was alone, what I did when I did things only for myself.""
Saying little about her forthcoming album, Lorde boasted its lyrics were ""the best I've written in my life.""
""The party is about to start,"" she wrote. ""I am about to show you the new world.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
184914,"Kristen Stewart Just Ditched Her Blonde Hair Andrea Navarro Categories Celebrity Beauty We all figured Kristen Stewart must be a blonde at heart when she went all-out platinum this past spring. But now it appears her fair-haired phase is officially over. The actress was just spotted in Paris sporting a brand-new chocolate brown shade, which is actually her natural color. Her short cut is still intact, so we won’t be seeing K. Stew harking back to her old style completely anytime soon. And while we’ll miss her icy-chic iteration, we get it—lots of us gravitate toward darker locks when the colder months start approaching, and clearly Kristen is no exception. New Photos of Kristen Out In Paris: https://t.co/KGMvWjXHDS Loving that dark hair! pic.twitter.com/5tSC3RJntw",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
47423,"Paris (AFP) - Human Rights Watch chief Kenneth Roth said he was keeping a close eye on ""warning signs"" from US President-elect Donald Trump after the Republican's tough talk during his campaign about torture and drone strikes. ""I don't take entirely seriously what he said on the campaign trail... I don't take entirely at face value that he is going to kill families (which) is just a blatant war crime,"" Roth told AFP.
""We are not assuming the worst, but we are also pushing to ensure that the worst doesn't become official policy,"" the HRW executive director said during a visit to Paris.
Last December Trump said that as president he would order the United States to ""take out"" the families of terrorists.
Roth said outgoing President Barack Obama left the door open for Trump to revive disturbing policies from the George W. Bush years by taking ""half steps"".
""Torture is a good example. Obama stopped the Bush torture but he refused to prosecute the Bush torturers,"" Roth said.
""Even though he tightened the law against torture, which is clearly illegal, the fact that no one has been prosecuted makes it easier for Trump to resume it.""
""So it was a positive step, but only a half step.""
Trump has ""backed off... a little bit but he said during the campaign that he'd like to use waterboarding or worse ... even if it doesn't work.""
On the use of drones, Roth said Obama had spelt out the ""proper standard"" for strikes outside war zones, for example in Yemen and Somalia, which is that ""lethal force can be used only to meet an imminent lethal threat.""
- Pizza delivery guy -
But in practice, ""he has allowed the CIA and the Pentagon to use an extremely elastic definition of imminence,"" Roth said.
As a result, ""even participation in a terrorist plot, which is extremely weak, often just a young male associated with a known suspect,"" can be used as justification.
""It could be the pizza delivery guy,"" Roth said, adding that Obama's approach had made it ""easier for Trump"" to use a looser standard.
On Obama's failure to close the Guantanamo Bay prison camp, Roth said he had ""taken steps to do so by reducing its population but refused to end Bush's long-term detention without trial.""
On Obama's failure to close the Guantanamo Bay prison camp, Roth acknowledged that he had released dozens of inmates but stressed that he had failed to end long-term detention without trial.
The president, who had made the camp's closure a top campaign pledge in 2007, ""refused to spend the political capital to veto the legislation that has made it harder for him to transfer people to the United States,"" Roth said.
""In terms of counterterrorism (Obama) was obviously a big step forward from Bush, but he didn't really close off the abuse of counter-terrorism practices, meaning that it will be easier for Trump to revive them if he wants.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
198472,"Istanbul (AFP) - An Istanbul court on Saturday remanded in custody ahead of trial nine staff from the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper, in an intensifying crackdown a day after the leaders of the country's main pro-Kurdish party were also jailed. There had been growing international alarm over the use of a state of emergency implemented in the wake of the failed July 15 coup against critics of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Nine MPs from the opposition pro-Kurdish People's Democratic Party (HDP), including its co-leaders Selahattin Demirtas and Figen Yuksekdag, were jailed ahead of trial by the courts Friday on terror charges.
The nine Cumhuriyet staff placed under arrest after their detention earlier this week include some of the most prominent names in Turkish journalism, the state-run Anadolu and private Dogan news agencies said.
They include Cumhuriyet's editor-in-chief Murat Sabuncu, celebrated cartoonist Musa Kart and influential anti-Erdogan columnist Kadri Gursel.
The suspects are charged with links to the Kurdish militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) and the movement of US-based preacher Fethullah Gulen blamed for the failed coup bid. Gulen denies the accusations.
Like the nine HDP MPs, they will now be held behind bars ahead of a trial, a date for which had yet to be set.
At total of 13 staff from Cumhuriyet had been detained in raids on Monday in a swoop that amplified concerns about press freedoms in Turkey.
While the nine were remanded in custody, columnists Hikmet Cetinkaya and Aydin Engin were released on judicial control due to age and health grounds, the reports said.
Two other suspects -- the paper's chief accountant Gunseli Ozaltay and former chief accountant Bulent Yener -- were released without charge.
- 'Worrisome trend' -
Demirtas and Yuksekdag meanwhile spent their first night behind bars after their arrest on Friday.
While their hearings took place in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir, both were flown to prisons in the west of Turkey well away from their strongholds in the east.
Demirtas is now in prison in Edirne province close to the Greek and Bulgarian borders while Yuksekdag was taken to Kocaeli just east of Istanbul, reports said.
Dogan news agency showed dramatic footage of Demirtas arriving in Edirne province on a helicopter which landed in the middle of an athletics field before he was taken to prison in a multi-vehicle convoy.
Their arrest along with those of the seven other HDP MPs, on various charges of membership of the PKK and making ""terror propaganda"" for the group, sparked immediate alarm among Turkey's Western allies.
EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said she was ""extremely worried"" over the detentions and would call a meeting of EU ambassadors in Ankara.
US State Department spokesman John Kirby said Washington was ""deeply concerned"", saying there was a ""worrisome trend"" of limiting freedom of expression in Turkey.
- IS said to claim attack -
The jailing of the HDP MPs took place hours after a bomb attack in Diyarbakir outside a police headquarters killed nine people and wounded over 100.
The government immediately blamed the PKK for the attack. But the Amaq news agency, which is linked to the Islamic State jihadist group, said that its fighters were behind the bombing, the SITE Intelligence Group said. There has so far been no comment from the PKK.
With tensions escalating, the Turkish authorities sparked further controversy by slapping restrictions on social media and messaging services like WhatsApp.
Users were still encountering problems loading social media on Saturday and also using Virtual Private Network (VPN) connections which people often use to circumvent such restrictions.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
295945,"The leading ladies of “Hidden Figures” remind us why telling women’s stories is SO important Sarah Terry Pin it Share More Awesome women have been kicking ass throughout our history. But sometimes, those stories don’t get told. For example, did you know that from the 1940s to the 1980s, there were as many as 80 female, African American engineers working for NASA ? If your answer is “no,” you’re not alone. Neither did the leading ladies of Hidden Figures , the upcoming film about these inspiring women . That’s why the fact that a movie will show them off is so important. And because it stars three inspirational women — Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, and Janelle Monáe — we’re all the more excited about it. Even the leading ladies of the film had never heard of Hidden Figures heroines, who had a huge impact on the NASA space program. More Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson helped launch man into space and put a man on the moon, and yet history remained curiously silent about them. Octavia Spencer plays Dorothy Vaughan, who was the supervisor of these female mathematics geniuses. Octavia admits that she had never heard of them when she read the script. “I actually thought this was a work of fiction. I’ve seen footage from that era, and there weren’t any women anywhere in sight. Let me just tell you right now. I would never be able to do what she did. I can’t even put Ikea furniture together.” We love Octavia’s self-deprecating humor, but we need to listen to what she’s saying. This story sounded made up to her, because she didn’t see women in that world. Taraji P. Henson had a very emotional reaction when she learned about these awesome ladies. More Taraji plays Katherine Johnson, who calculated the trajectory of the first American in space in 1961. That is an awesome fact, and we wish we would have known about Katherine sooner. Taraji agreed. “I just remember being very angry, because had I known, maybe I would’ve dreamed of becoming a rocket scientist. I wasn’t good at math and science—that’s why I’m an actress. Katherine is a living hero. That must be some kind of power to know that you sent men where no men have gone.” We’re a bit angry, too, because it is SO important to show young women that they can be anything they want to be. And speaking of women doing awesome work, the film was also written by a woman, Allison Schroeder, which makes us more excited for its awesome girl power. And Janelle Monáe points out that these ladies represent one of the great things about women — they got the work done without thinking of the praise. More Janelle plays Mary Jackson, who was the first African American woman engineer to work at NASA. She says that these women weren’t even thinking about the bigger picture, because they were focused on the work. “I don’t think they knew that they were making history. They were doing their job. They came in every day wanting to be respected as hard workers, to prove themselves as brilliant-minded women.” We totally get it, but that makes us feel like these women should have been even more celebrated in our history. And we are so excited to hear that these incredible women will finally have their stories told. We hope this starts a trend of bringing lesser-known women’s stories to light. Hidden Figures hits a limited number of theaters December 25th, before being released nationwide January 6th.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
265054,"The Best Lines From Hillary Clinton's Concession Speech Mattie Kahn From ELLE Rising to the occasion as she always has and always does, Hillary Clinton delivered the classiest concession speech of all time in New York this morning. Before a mass of heartbroken supporters and journalists, Clinton delivered an address that at once admitted defeat and reminded those who voted for her to stay the course. We're not moving to Canada, people. We have too much work to do. Here, the 7 best lines from her speech, which we're bound to return to over the next few months. Hillary Clinton, you've made us so proud. 1. "" This is painful and it will be for a long time , but I want you to remember this. Our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love and about building an America that's hopeful, inclusive and big-hearted. We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought, but I still believe in America and I always will."" 2. ""Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power and we don't just respect that, we cherish it. It also enshrines other things. The rule of law, the principle that we are all equal in rights and dignity, freedom of worship and expression. We respect and cherish these values, too, and we must defend them. "" 3. ""[W]e believe that the American dream is big enough for everyone, for people of all races and religions, for men and women, for immigrants, for LGBT people and for people with disabilities. For everyone. "" 4. ""[T]o the millions of volunteers, community leaders, activists and union organizers who knocked on doors, talked to neighbors, posted on Facebook, even in secret private Facebook sites , I want everybody coming out from behind that and make sure your voices are heard going forward."" [contentlinks align=""Center"" textonly=""false"" numbered=""false"" headline=""Pantsuit%20Nation%20Will%20Fight%20On"" customtitles=""Hillary%20Clinton%20Thanks%20Pantsuit%20Nation"" customimages="""" content=""article.40635""] 5. ""[T]o the young people in particular, I hope you will hear this. I have...spent my entire adult life fighting for what I believe in. I have had successes and I have had setbacks. Sometimes really painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your professional public and political careers. You will have successes and setbacks, too. This loss hurts but please never stop believing that fighting for what's right is worth it. "" 6. ""I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion."" 7. ""Now, I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling, but some day, someone will, and hopefully sooner than we might think right now. And to all the little girl whose are watching this, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own dreams. "" You Might Also Like",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
84766,"Paris (AFP) - A study warned Wednesday of hurricanes hitting the US northeast coast more frequently in future due to climate change caused by fossil fuel emissions. As the planet has warmed over the last few hundred years, Atlantic hurricanes have moved gradually northward from the western Caribbean to northern North America, said a study in the journal Scientific Reports.
This trend would continue if humanity keeps pumping planet-warming greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.
""Our results strongly suggest that future emission scenarios will result in more frequent tropical cyclone impacts on the financial and population centres of the northeastern United States,"" wrote the team.
They had reconstructed hurricane rainfall for the western Caribbean as far back as 450 years ago, by analysing the chemical composition of stalagmite from a cave in Belize.
Hurricane rainfall has an easily-recognisable, unique chemistry preserved in the stalagmite as it grows out of deposits left behind from dripping water.
The data showed the average number of hurricanes at the Belize site decreased at the same time as hurricane records showed they had become more frequent in places like Bermuda and Florida.
""This information showed that Atlantic hurricanes were moving to the north,"" said a statement from Durham University, whose researchers contributed to the study.
The north-shifting hurricanes were of a particular type -- long-lived storms which develop near the Cape Verde islands off Africa's west coast. They are influenced by the width and position of the so-called Hadley cell -- a pattern of circulating air in the area.
As carbon dioxide (CO2) levels in the atmosphere have increased since the Industrial Revolution, the Hadley cell has expanded, the team wrote.
""This suggests that from the late 19th century, manmade emissions have become the main driver behind shifting hurricane tracks by altering the position of global weather systems,"" said the statement.
- Redirected -
""If future trends in carbon dioxide and industrial aerosol emissions continue as expected, hurricanes could shift even further northward, exacerbating the risk to the northeast coast of the USA.""
In 2012, Hurricane Sandy unleased three-metre (10-foot) floods across coastal New York and New Jersey, after lashing the Caribbean.
Having caused an estimated $71 billion in damage and 157 deaths in the US, Sandy is considered the second costliest hurricane in American history, after Katrina which ravaged the Gulf Coast in 2005.
The study said the northward movement of the so-called Cape Verde hurricanes did not mean fewer storms for the west Caribbean coast.
A second category of hurricane, a shorter-lived type which forms within the Caribbean basin itself and makes land quite quickly, is likely to become worse as well.
""These storms are likely to increase in number as Caribbean sea surface temperatures continue to warm,"" and may increase in strength, study lead author Lisa Baldini of Durham University told AFP.
""These storms generated within the Caribbean are largely replacing the Cape Verde storms that are being redirected northward,"" she said.
In December last year, the world's nations adopted the Paris Agreement to limit average global warming to two degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) over pre-industrial levels.
This would be achieved by cutting emissions from burning coal, oil and gas, switching to renewable sources like solar energy instead.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
175152,"DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) — Israeli jets fired two missiles from Lebanese airspace toward the outskirts of the Syrian capital Damascus early Wednesday, the official Syrian news agency said, in a strike on an unknown target that caused loud explosions. The news agency, SANA, said the missiles struck the Sabboura area, west of Damascus, and did not cause any casualties. Citing an unnamed military source, SANA did not specify what the missiles struck. Damascus residents reported on social media hearing loud blasts around 2 a.m.
The Israeli military declined to comment, but Israel is widely believed to have carried out a number of airstrikes in Syria in the past few years that have targeted advanced weapons systems, including Russian-made anti-aircraft missiles and Iranian-made missiles. The arms are believed to be destined for the Lebanese Shiite Hezbollah militant group, a close ally of the Syrian government and a fierce enemy of Israel.
The strikes come days after Israeli aircraft hit a machine gun-mounted vehicle inside Syria, killing four Islamic State-affiliated militants inside after they opened fire on a military patrol on the Israeli-controlled side of the Golan Heights. The violence appeared to be a rare case of an intentional shooting ambush by Islamic militants targeting Israeli troops.
Israel has been largely unaffected by the Syrian civil war raging next door, suffering only sporadic incidents of spillover fire over the frontier that Israel has generally dismissed as tactical errors of the Assad regime. Israel has responded to these cases lightly, with limited reprisals on Syrian positions in response to the errant fire.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
208825,"AZUSA, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on a California shooting that prompted the lockdown of two polling sites (all times local): 12:20 a.m.
Authorities say a gunman was high on cocaine when he opened fire randomly in a Los Angeles suburb, killing a 77-year-old neighbor and wounding two other people before police shot him.
The Tuesday afternoon attack in Azusa shut down two nearby polling places but police say it wasn't related to the election.
Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina says the 45-year-old shooter had a military background and was a gun fanatic. He had been binging on cocaine when he armed himself with various guns, went outside and opened fire, Corina said.
Corina says a 77-year-old neighbor who went outside to see what was happening was shot dead, and two women who happened to be driving or walking by were critically wounded.
When police arrived to help the victims, authorities say, the man opened fire with an assault rifle. Officers returned fire, fatally wounding the man, who was found dead hours later in a home.
The names of the gunman and the victims haven't been released.
___
5:20 p.m.
Police say a person with an assault rifle killed one person and wounded two others near two Southern California polling sites that were locked down.
Azusa police Chief Steve Hunt says the suspect began firing Tuesday at arriving officers who returned fire before they took cover near a park.
Hunt says a person is down at the front door of a home but couldn't immediately say whether that person was the shooter.
Elections officials say one of the polling sites has reopened. Voters were being urged to seek nearby polling places.
The motive of the shooting was unknown and it was unclear if it had anything to do with the election.
No officers were hurt.
___
4:15 p.m.
A shooting in Southern California has killed one person and wounded three others near a polling site.
Los Angeles County Fire Inspector Gustavo Medina says one person was dead on arrival in the city of Azusa on Tuesday. He says two people were airlifted to hospitals and a fourth was being treated.
An elementary school that's also a polling place was on lockdown. Elections officials say one other polling site was affected, urging voters to cast their ballots in other locations.
The motivation is unknown and it's unclear whether the shooting has anything to do with the election.
Azusa police say arriving officers found multiple victims, came under fire and returned fire themselves. No officers were injured, and no arrests have been made.
___
3:55 p.m.
Authorities say one person is dead and three are injured following reports of a shooting near a Los Angeles-area polling site.
Los Angeles County Fire Inspector Gustavo Medina says one person was dead on arrival Tuesday, two people were airlifted to hospitals and a fourth was being treated. He was unable to say whether the four people had been shot.
An elementary school that's also a polling place was on lockdown.
Azusa police Officer Jerry Willison says someone fired on officers at the scene, but none of them were hurt. He says the officers had to seek cover.
He also was unable to say whether those injured had been shot.
He says no arrests have been made.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
188080,"NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — A South Sudanese rebel spokesman has been deported to South Sudan over a Facebook posting, a Kenyan official said Friday, while colleagues feared for his life and human rights workers and a relative said he was a registered refugee with a U.S. green card. Human rights groups immediately condemned Kenya's deportation of James Gatdet Dak, calling it a breach of international law.
""He became an inadmissible person, so we cancelled his visa and he was taken to his country of origin,"" Kenyan government spokesman Eric Kiraithe told The Associated Press. A police official said Gatdet was deported Thursday evening. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to give the information.
Another rebel spokesman, Mabior Garang, had urged Kenyan authorities not deport Gatdet to South Sudan, saying he would face imminent death. Fighting continues in the country despite a fragile peace deal to end civil war.
The deportation came during a bitter dispute between Kenya and the United Nations over the U.N. secretary-general's firing of the Kenyan commander of the peacekeeping mission in South Sudan. The U.N. forces were accused of responding poorly to attacks on civilians in July.
The Facebook posting by Gatdet, a spokesman for rebel leader Riek Machar, supported the Kenyan commander's firing.
Kenya has responded angrily to the firing, noting that Lt. Gen. Johnson Mogoa Kimani Ondieki had been on the job for just three weeks when the July attacks occurred. Kenya has announced it is pulling its 1,000 peacekeepers from South Sudan and withdrawing from its peace process, in which it has played a key role.
Human rights workers said the deportation of Gatdet was going too far, saying Kenya violated international law by deporting a registered refugee. Documents seen by the AP indicate that Gatdet was registered in Kenya as a refugee in August 2015.
""On top of this, he is now at risk of arbitrary detention and torture in the hands of South Sudanese government authorities,"" Elizabeth Deng, a South Sudan researcher at Amnesty International, told the AP.
""In colluding with South Sudan and deporting James Gatdet Dak, Kenya has exposed him to a serious risk of persecution,"" said Gerry Simpson, senior refugee researcher at Human Rights Watch. ""Kenya is steadily shredding any pretense of respect for its fundamental refugee protection obligations.""
According to a family member of Gatdet who insisted on anonymity because they feared retribution from Kenya's government, he was arrested by South Sudanese national security officials when he landed in the capital, Juba.
""They tried to forcefully take (Gatdet) to the plane, and he struggled and refused to go, and the pilot refused to take him,"" the family member said of his departure from Kenya. ""I am very much concerned. In the first place, I don't see a reason why he should be deported. He should have been taken to a different country.""
Gatdet has a United States green card, the family member said.
In Geneva, U.N. refugee agency spokeswoman Cecile Pouilly said she was checking into what efforts the agency had made in Gatdet's case: ""We are still trying to clarify a number of circumstances around this deportation.""
She added: ""The key element is that this person needs to have his rights protected and his well-being ensured by the government.""
Gatdet might have dual nationality, Pouilly said, without giving details.
South Sudan, the world's youngest country, has been riven by ethnic violence since shortly after gaining its independence from Sudan in 2011. Civil war broke out in 2013 when government forces loyal to President Salva Kiir battled rebels led by his former vice president, Machar. Tens of thousands have been killed and more than 2 million displaced.
In three days of fighting in South Sudan's capital in July, at least 73 people were killed, including more than 20 internally displaced people who had sought U.N. protection, said a U.N. report released Tuesday. The report said ""a lack of leadership on the part of key senior mission personnel culminated in a chaotic and ineffective response to the violence."" The firing of the Kenyan commander was announced shortly afterward.
____
Lynch reported from Juba, South Sudan. Associated Press writer Jamey Keaten in Geneva contributed.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
103634,"ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan army says 4 militants, 2 soldiers killed in attack on mosque inside army's facility in northwest.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
246688,"CHISINAU (Reuters) - A pro-Russian candidate for president of Moldova is all but certain to win the race, preliminary results showed on Sunday, following a campaign in which he vowed to slam the brakes on seven years of closer integration with the European Union. With 90 percent of votes counted, online results showed Socialist candidate Igor Dodon had won 55.9 percent, and his pro-European challenger, Maia Sandu, had 44.1 percent.
(Reporting by Alexander Tanas and Alessandra Prentice; Editing by Dale Hudson)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
252263,"By Jemima Kelly LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar recovered most of the 2 percent it had earlier lost on Donald Trump's shock victory in the U.S. election on Wednesday, with investors not clear on whether a Trump presidency would be unambiguously bad for the currency.
Republican candidate Trump sent shock waves around global financial markets by defeating heavily favoured Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton, kindling fears of economic and political turmoil and calling into question the rise in U.S. interest rates that had been expected in December.
Markets initially entered full risk-aversion mode, with investors scurrying out of the dollar and Mexican peso - which hit a record low - and into perceived safe havens such as the Japanese yen, which gained as much as 4 percent at one point to touch a six-week high of 100.75 yen per dollar .
But despite Clinton being viewed as the status quo candidate who would leave a December Fed hike on the table, some strategists say Trump's protectionist proposals, tax cuts and promises to make U.S. companies operating overseas bring back more of their income to be taxed could actually be positive for the dollar in the medium term, or at least not purely negative.
None of the major currency trading banks have yet updated their forecasts for the dollar.
""For now, the only thing we can be sure about is volatility – I think that is going to be high for the weeks and months ahead,"" Rabobank currency strategist Jane Foley said in London.
""Like for Brexit, I think political news is going to be more of a trigger for market volatility than it used to be in a developed economy like the U.S.""
The dollar appeared to get a boost from Trump's victory speech, during which he made no mention of his promised U.S.-Mexico border wall or the NAFTA trade deal with Mexico and Canada that he has said he will scrap or renegotiate.
By 1245 GMT the dollar was down just 0.2 percent on the day against a basket of major currencies <.DXY>.
""He could have stood up and listed off China, NAFTA, the wall – he didn't go anywhere on those policies, so that will be at least somewhat reassuring to markets,"" said Derek Halpenny, European Head of Global Markets Review at MUFG in London.
MEXICAN PESO
The Mexican peso, a barometer of market expectations for a Trump presidency, plunged more than 13 percent at one point to an all-time low just below 21.00 pesos per dollar, before recovering some ground to trade around 19.72 pesos per dollar, still down more than 7 percent on the day.
The yen traded up about 1.7 percent at 103.57 yen per dollar in a volatile day that saw it soften to 105.480 earlier on, when last-minute opinion polls had put Clinton in the lead.
The mayhem in markets prompted Japan's top currency diplomat to signal Tokyo's readiness to intervene in currencies as the yen soared.
Graphic of live election results: http://tmsnrt.rs/2fxyZV0
Graphic of live market reaction: http://tmsnrt.rs/2fXfo0L
Live Coverage: http://live.reuters.com/event/election_2016
The greenback fell as much as 2.4 percent against the Swiss franc, another perceived safe haven, to 0.95 francs , before recovering to trade down just 0.2 percent on the day. The Swiss National Bank declined to comment on speculation that it had intervened to weaken the franc.
Trump has pledged to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Mexico and Canada, a move that could damage the economies of the export-heavy U.S. neighbours.
The Canadian dollar fell to an eight-month low of C$1.3525 per dollar, before recovering around half of the day's losses to trade down 1 percent on the day at C$1.3420.
The Australian dollar, sensitive to shifts in risk appetite, slid 1 percent to $0.7690 .
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
290594,"AIGLE, Switzerland (AP) — The International Cycling Union says Brazilian second-tier team Funvic Soul Cycles-Carrefour faces being suspended after two more riders tested positive for doping since July. The UCI say it provisionally suspended Ramiro Rincon Diaz of Colombia and Joao Marcelo Pereira Gaspar of Brazil.
Both tested positive for the CERA version of blood-boosting hormone EPO during the Tour of Portugal in July.
Team-mate Kleber Ramos of Brazil tested positive for CERA in training before the Olympic road race in Rio de Janeiro in August, says the UCI. He was later disqualified.
The UCI says it will refer the team's case to its disciplinary commission.
Under UCI rules, Funvic Soul Cycles-Carrefour can be suspended from between 15 days to 12 months.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
58405,"By Ellen Francis BEIRUT (Reuters) - Air strikes battered neighborhoods around a children's hospital and a blood bank in rebel-held eastern Aleppo on Wednesday in a second day of renewed bombing that has killed at least 32 people, a war monitor, medics and emergency workers said.
The air raids formed part of a wider military escalation by the Syrian government and allies including Russia, which fired coordinated volleys of missiles at rebels on Tuesday and for the first time used its only aircraft carrier.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based war monitor, said the air strikes on eastern Aleppo on Wednesday alone killed at least 21 people, including five children and an emergency worker. They were carried out by either Russian or Syrian warplanes, it said.
The Observatory said districts struck included al-Shaar, al-Sukkari, al-Sakhour and Karam al-Beik.
Moscow has denied reports that its jets hit the city in the renewed wave of bombardment, and said it was sticking to a moratorium on air strikes in Aleppo.
Tuesday's bombing run on eastern Aleppo appeared to mark the end of a pause inside the city declared by Russia on Oct. 18 which Syria's military had also largely observed.
The Observatory and residents said the city's east was hit by rocket fired from jets, barrel bombs dropped from helicopters and artillery from government forces.
""The helicopters won't stop for a single moment,"" Bebars Mishal, a civil defense worker in rebel-held Aleppo, told Reuters. ""Right now, the bombing won't let up.""
The Civil Defence is a volunteer rescue service that operates in rebel-controlled areas of Syria, including Aleppo, the country's largest city and commercial hub before the war.
NEIGHBORHOODS BOMBED
Wednesday's bombing struck next to a children's hospital and blood bank in the Shaar district, and near a school in the Salah al-Din district, residents and the Observatory said.
Two ambulances were also destroyed, said an advocacy officer at the Syrian American Medical Society aid group, citing reports from colleagues in Aleppo.
""We woke up to the bombing and until now, the warplanes and helicopters are running,"" said Modar Shekho, a nurse in eastern Aleppo. ""The Shaar neighborhood was burned down between yesterday and today.""
A video posted by Shekho on a social networking site, which he said was taken on Wednesday, showed a building with large holes and burn marks next to a large heap of rubble and twisted metal which he said was all that remained of another structure.
Ibrahim Abu al-Laith, a Civil Defence official, said there were more than 40 air strikes on the Shaar area. ""Today the bombardment is very, very fierce,"" he said.
On Monday and early Tuesday, there were air strikes on hospitals in three rebel-held towns to the west of Aleppo, knocking them all out of service. Damascus and Moscow both deny targeting hospitals.
The World Health Organization said there had been heavy attacks on five hospitals in Aleppo and Idlib provinces since Sunday, severely reducing access to health services for people in northern Syria.
Syrian state television said on Tuesday the Damascus government's air force took part in strikes against what it called terrorist strongholds in Aleppo's Old City.
Russia said it had struck Islamic State and former Nusra Front militant sites elsewhere in Syria, without mentioning Aleppo.
On Tuesday evening, state-owned Ikhabariyah television reported large troop deployments along several main fronts in the Aleppo theater in preparation for a major ground offensive that it said was imminent and awaiting ""zero hour"" to begin.
Aleppo has become the pivotal front in Syria's 5-1/2-year war pitting President Bashar al-Assad, supported by Russia, Iran and Shi'ite Muslim militias, against mostly Sunni Muslim rebels including groups backed by Turkey, the United States and Gulf monarchies.
Aleppo has for years been divided between the government-held western sector and rebel-held east, which the Syrian army and its allies besieged during the summer. Its allied forces include Iran's Revolutionary Guards, Lebanon's Hezbollah and Iraqi Shi'ite militias.
(Reporting by Ellen Francis in Beirut and Jack Stubbs in Moscow; editing by Mark Heinrich)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
29990,"By Elizabeth Dilts NEW YORK (Reuters) - A group of lawyers representing insurance and securities brokerages have made a curious argument for why a federal court should kill a rule aimed at protecting retirement savers: It restricts Wall Street's First Amendment rights.
In front of a packed federal courtroom in Dallas last week, plaintiffs attorneys fighting the Labor Department's fiduciary rule said it hinders free speech because it restricts what individuals selling retirement products will be able to say.
The rule requires that brokers who give retirement advice act in their clients' best interest. The Labor Department, which regulates pension funds and other retirement income, devised the rule in order to protect retirement savers from receiving biased advice or being sold products they don't need.
David Ogden, lawyer for the American Council of Life Insurers, argued in court that the rule would prevent simple sales pitches like, ""Buy my product; it's a good product; here's what it will do for you.""
The insurance industry would be affected by the rule because insurers sell annuities.
Big business has used similar tactics in cases related to product labeling, pharmaceutical sales and securities disclosures, with mixed success.
Experts said the First Amendment argument may be persuasive in this case, which may eventually come before the Supreme Court, because the burdens of the rule will force even honest salespeople to limit what they say to clients.
""Recent cases have made clear that the First Amendment provides broad protection for commercial speech that is truthful and non-misleading,"" said Floyd Abrams, a leading First Amendment rights lawyer with Cahill Gordon & Reindel, who successfully defended The New York Times in landmark litigation. ""It's a close case.""
The fiduciary rule has been a contentious subject for nearly six years, and its release in April led Wall Street to quickly file several lawsuits to block its implementation. It is set to take effect in April next year.
Regulators and consumer advocates have argued that the rule is important and necessary. Financial firms have countered that it is overly burdensome and expensive.
Other lawsuits have largely relied on the notion that the Labor Department overreached in creating the rule. The Dallas plaintiffs also use those arguments, but are the only ones to mention First Amendment obstacles.
Labor Department lawyers argued the fiduciary rule only governs conduct, not speech. Even if it did regulate speech, they said, it only covers misleading and conflicted statements, which are not protected by the First Amendment.
U.S. District Judge Barbara Lynn pressed the government on its position, saying the fiduciary rule appears to regulate more than just misleading speech.
""They can recommend any products they like, as long as they're not recommending products that aren't in the investor's best interest,"" Labor Department defense attorney Emily Newton responded.
The agency estimates bad advice will cost investors $95 billion over the next 10 years if the fiduciary rule is not implemented.
The lead plaintiff's attorney in the case is Eugene Scalia, who has successfully argued for corporations and trade groups in other high-profile cases. Earlier this year he convinced a federal judge to strike down MetLife Inc's designation as a financial company that is ""systemically important,"" which would subject it to tougher regulation.
His father was the late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, a conservative who often sided with big business in landmark cases that protected or created corporate rights.
Lawyers said the outcome of the various fiduciary-rule proceedings is far from clear. If the judge in Dallas decides in Wall Street's favor, it could create a split among circuit courts. That might put the case on a path to the Supreme Court, which currently has a vacant seat.
The court may or may not accept the case. Advisers to President-elect Donald Trump have indicated he will appoint a justice who wants to abolish the rule.

(Reporting by Elizabeth Dilts; Additional reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Leslie Adler)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
264037,"Many appeared to make good on the age-old promise to move to Canada  if their candidate did not get into office as the votes were tallied Tuesday night, apparently crashing the Canadian immigration website. Read: Donald Trump Claims Victory Over Hillary Clinton in Stunning Upset 
Those logging on to the site were instead greeted with a ""500 - Internal server error.”
The Canadian Immigration website has crashed. Seriously. #ElectionNight pic.twitter.com/XXSfCorTd1 
— Cause We're Canadian (@MadelnCanada) November 9, 2016 While the reason behind the crash has not been confirmed, it has been speculated that it was related to a multitude of users looking to move to America’s northern neighbor . 
While the Citizenship and Immigration Canada have not acknowledged an outage, social media had a field day with what could have been pure coincidence.
I was gonna write this as a joke but found out it was real. ""The Canada Citizenship and Immigration site crashed around 8 PM"" #electionnight 
— Ben Schwartz (@rejectedjokes) November 9, 2016 Canada's Citizenship & Immigration site just crashed. This isn't a joke. #ElectionNight 
— SCOTT WARNER (@ScottWarner18) November 9, 2016 Many celebrities, including Bryan Cranston, Lena Dunham, Miley Cyrus, and Amy Schumer vowed to move to Canada in the past should Donald Trump get elected. 
Read: 2016 Election Results: How the Battleground States Voted 
The site was back up and running by Wednesday morning, but at a sluggish speed.
Watch: After Lena Dunham Says She'll Go to Canada If Trump Wins, He Says He'll Escort Her 
Related Articles: Man Donates Liver to Stranger, Marries Her 2 Years Later Girl, 9, Takes First Steps After Being Told She'd Never Walk Again Watch 2-Month-Old Baby Say 'Hello'",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
138235,"New York (AFP) - With a rich, soulful voice that soars high and deep, Paul Janeway has commanded growing crowds as the frontman of his band St. Paul and The Broken Bones. But Janeway has little interest in the rock 'n' roll lifestyle. The affable 33-year-old said he learned how to lead the enthusiastic audiences at rock venues from spending his teenage years training as a preacher.
""In church, there were moments when you thought you were connecting as a people, and I think music has the ability to do that,"" Janeway, sipping a bottle of cola, said in the drawl of his native Alabama as he prepared to play a sold-out show before 3,000 people at New York's Terminal 5 club.
""With any great public speaker, there is a rhythm to the way they speak, and the tone -- the high and low, being captivated, keeping someone's attention, understanding valleys and peaks,"" he said.
""That's how we write a set-list. We'll take 'em all the way up here and take 'em down -- kind of an emotional roller-coaster in a way.""
The bespectacled Janeway -- who still looks more like a Bible student than a rock star -- went to church for as long as he knew and at 11, a pastor took him under his wing, letting him preach -- or ""perform,"" as Janeway also described it -- on select days.
Janeway's faith eventually grew complex. He embraces the power of religious experience, but is no longer observant in the way of his youth.
""I thought that was what I wanted to do -- I wanted to be a preacher for the rest of my life. And then I got to be 19 or so, and I just kind of fell out of love with it,"" he said.
Janeway grew up with limited exposure to rock, with his mother strictly controling the music at home.
""I could listen to Gospel music, of course, and any sort of religious music and then a little bit of soul,"" he said, explaining with a grin: ""Marvin Gaye -- pre- 'Let's Get It On.' A little safer!""
- More bank teller than rock star -
Janeway's voice -- graceful but erupting into forceful, brassy fermatas -- calls to mind not only Baptist preachers but also soul masters such as Al Green and the late Otis Redding.
Janeway, who is white, tackles his conservative state's political and racial fault-lines through the music, but with the subtlety of a reflective religious scholar.
On ""Sea of Noise,"" the second album by St. Paul and The Broken Bones which was released in September, Janeway bends gender on ""I'll Be Your Woman"" and repeatedly muses on questions of faith.
""All the people they are praying / But there ain't love no more / Just bullets and hate,"" he sings on ""Waves.""
With a band with roots in soul but also R&B and rock, St. Paul and The Broken Bones has drawn inevitable parallels to Alabama Shakes, a fellow group from the Southern state that has quickly won success through acclaim for a gifted singer.
Yet Janeway, who in January will lead his band on its latest tour of Europe, is strikingly fatalistic about his rising fame.
""This was not a dream realized,"" he said of his music career. ""It was a realization just that this was what I was supposed to be doing.""
""In my family, you work hard and you put your head down,"" he said. ""I was a bank teller for a little while. I approach it in the same way.""
Janeway demands little on tour except plenty of water to preserve his voice. After each show, Janeway, who is married, said he generally returns to his hotel room and reads a book.
""I never drank alcohol and I never smoked a cigarette. I don't participate,"" he said with a laugh. ""I have bad language, but that's about it.""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
190592,"Chicago (AFP) - More than 27 million people have already voted in the US presidential election, and early trends are offering some hints of the outcome less than a week before Election Day. Six days before the election, voters had cast 6.7 million more early ballots compared to the same period in 2012, the data analytics firm Catalist said.
The numbers hold both good news and bad for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton as she battles her Republican challenger Donald Trump in a tightening final dash for the White House.
Early voting tallies indicate Democrats are turning out in greater numbers than Republicans in some states, an advantage for Clinton, experts say.
But turnout is lagging among young people and African Americans, key constituencies that lifted a triumphant Barack Obama into the White House in 2008.
In Chicago -- the popular president's adopted hometown and the country's third-largest city -- however, there is little sign of the enthusiasm deficit reflected in national polls.
Early voting here is on pace to match or exceed 2012, when the country's first black president won a second term, and officials say polling places fill up around midday with voters on their lunch breaks.
""It's very important to me to carry on what Obama started,"" said Democrat Deborah Land, 61, outside an early voting station in downtown Chicago.
That kind of sentiment should help Clinton -- who has cast herself as Obama's loyal heir and guardian of his legacy -- by driving Democrats to the polls.
Clinton was Obama's bitter rival for the Democratic nomination in 2008, but later served as his secretary of state and is now aiming to make history as the first female president of the United States.
But both she and Trump are deeply unpopular, with unusually low favorability ratings -- 44 percent for Clinton and 38 percent for Trump, according to an average of multiple polls by RealClearPolitics.
And after one of the meanest US presidential contests in memory, many voters are motivated less by support for their own candidate than opposition to the other.
Mark Baker, a Clinton voter, said he felt compelled this year ""because of the nature of the election, and frankly, Mr Trump.""
""It's been a long election season,"" the 57-year-old said. ""I think everybody is eager for it to be over with, except Saturday Night Live"" -- the hit comedy show that parodies the campaign.
- Email probe -
Last week's surprise revelation that the FBI is looking into Clinton's emails again has injected renewed uncertainty into the race.
A new Washington Post-ABC tracking poll showed Trump ahead of Clinton 46 to 45 percent -- the first time that survey put him first since May.
More significantly, the poll found the number of Clinton supporters who were enthusiastic about her candidacy dropped from 51 to 43 percent, while Trump's numbers remained unchanged at 53 percent.
Still, Michael McDonald of the University of Florida, who maintains a national tally of early voting, said it is unlikely early voters will be swayed.
""People have consumed a lot of information about the candidates and they've made up their minds, and they're going out and voting,"" he said.
So far, there are signs of enthusiasm among early voters who are Latino, women and white liberals.
""The worrisome signs for (Clinton's) campaign are the lower early voting rates for blacks and young people. They were essential pieces of the coalition that elected and reelected Obama,"" said Barry Burden, professor of political science at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
- 'Checkmate' -
Trump faces bigger hurdles.
They include Clinton's early vote lead in the swing states of Nevada, Virginia and Colorado, according to McDonald.
""That's almost like checkmate because Trump would have to win almost every other battleground state,"" he said.
On top of that, Latino voters overwhelmingly support Clinton, with a record 27.3 million of them eligible to vote in this election -- four million more than during the last presidential race, according to the Pew Research Center.
""Compared to 2012, it appears that early voting is being used more by Latinos,"" Burden said. ""This might reflect the efforts that the Clinton campaign has made into the Latino community and concerns among Latinos about what Trump has said about immigrants.""
Meanwhile, Trump has had to defend his position in reliably Republican states.
Among them, Texas is seeing outsize enthusiasm from early voters. More than a quarter of the state's eligible voters had cast their ballots a week before the November 8 election, shattering records.
With recent poll numbers in the state showing Clinton closing in on Trump's lead, the early voting figures are especially intriguing observers, even prompting speculation about whether deeply red Texas might turn blue.
""The fact that the state is perceived to be competitive... is driving both parties to the polls,"" said Brandon Rottinghaus, a political science professor at the University of Houston.
Although Clinton is still unlikely to win Texas, he added, the former secretary of state could lose by a much smaller margin than past Democrats.
""That will be a success for them,"" he said, helping Democrats in future elections.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
205072,"Maddie Ziegler Looks Exactly Like a Young Hillary Clinton Kayleigh Roberts From Marie Claire Once you realize that former Dance Moms star Maddie Ziegler is a total doppelgänger for a young Hillary Clinton, you literally can't not see it. As ET Online reports, the 14-year-old dance prodigy looks very similar to Clinton back in her school days, and the internet has taken notice. The image that drew the internet's attention to the unexpected pair of lookalikes was the ""Future President"" picture that the Clinton campaign blasted on social media in celebration of the presidential candidate's 69th birthday. Happy birthday to this future president. pic.twitter.com/JT3HiBjYdj - Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 26, 2016 The picture was tweeted along with the adorably Leslie Knope-ish caption, ""Happy birthday to this future president."" Ziegler hasn't commented on the uncanny likeness yet, but we're patiently awaiting an Instagram in which she recreates HRC's adorable yearbook picture. Follow Marie Claire on F acebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more. You Might Also Like",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
228086,"Photo of Donald Trump Peeking at Wife Melania Voting Goes Viral Lawrence Yee Pin it Share Voting is a personal and private act, even if you’re the spouse of a major party candidate. GOP nominee Donald Trump and his wife Melania voted side-by-side at P.S. 59 (a Manhattan school) in New York City this morning. Cameras caught the candidate as he peeked at his wife while she was casting her ballot. Donald Trump peeked at Melania's ballot, and Twitter had some jokes. Big league. https://t.co/673JwvzlDn #ElectionDay pic.twitter.com/TphKMpVXfI The shot quickly went viral. When you’re worried that your wife copied off of Michelle again. pic.twitter.com/cfLwDvHCn4 
— Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) November 8, 2016 Comedian Chelsea Handler tweeted the photo with the caption”When you’re worried that your wife copied off of Michelle again,” referring to Melania’s convention address that seemingly lifted parts from Michelle Obama’s speech . Trump forced to keep his eye on his wife while voting. #ElectionDay pic.twitter.com/drMcRo2pdV 
— David Schneider (@davidschneider) November 8, 2016 Actor David Schneider added a thought bubble that read “He’s looking. Dammit! I want to vote for Hillary.” When you vote on #ElectionDay , remember election laws require us to respect the privacy of others: https://t.co/dwXtM3avWB pic.twitter.com/0lXFaWGztU 
— Alex Howard (@digiphile) November 8, 2016 Alex Howard, a senior analyst at the Sunlight Foundation — a non-partisan organization that holds the government accountable, included a link to the New York election laws. The underline segment reads: The operating of the ballot scanner by the voter while voting or the use of a privacy booth or ballot marking device for marking a ballot shall be secret and obscured from all other persons except as provided by this chapter in cases of voting by assisted voters or in cases of children under the age of sixteen accompanying their voting parents or guardians. In this case, it appears Trump violated his wife’s privacy. Donald’s son Eric Trump did the same thing to his wife Lara Yunaska as they voted at the 53rd Street Library in New York City this morning. Like father, like son pic.twitter.com/dqnoEZF4xf 
— Nathan McDermott (@natemcdermott) November 8, 2016 “Like father, like son,” CNN reporter Nathan McDermott tweeted. For the record, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton voted next to her husband Bill Clinton in adjoining booths in Chappaqua, N.Y. In the footage from the event, both the candidate and the former President appeared to be heads down as they voted. Hillary Clinton casts her vote in US election pic.twitter.com/bFEbcukDGQ Earlier in the day, Eric Trump tweeted and quickly deleted a shot of his ballot . Doing so is illegal in the state of New York. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
122772,"Shutterstock In the United States and many other countries, the “cashless” approach is a simple one when cards are accepted almost anywhere and people conduct their entire existence via smartphone. In India, however, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thrown small businesses and their employees into chaos by announcing his hope to altogether move to a cashless economy. The new move, which Modi declared via national radio address , follows another controversial decision to ban the country’s 500-rupee and 1000-rupees notes. This has reportedly made daily transactions immensely difficult for millions of citizens.
Modi concedes that his plan is a long-term one but hopes that people will soon embrace digital payments. He has reasons for doing so, including deterring tax avoidance, bribery and — most importantly — sources of terrorism funding . Yet since approximately 90% of the country’s consumer purchases are still conducted in cash, the transition will be a tough one, to say the very least. Modi hopes citizens will embrace the change :

“I want to tell my small merchant brothers and sisters, this is the chance for you to enter the digital world. It’s correct that a 100 percent cashless society is not possible. But why don’t we make a beginning for a less-cash society in India? We can gradually move from a less-cash society to a cashless society.”
Reuters notes that the 90% rate already takes into account those citizens who have voluntarilyembraced smartphone methods of payment, so Modi has carved out an uphill battle. Still, he hopes that online banking will soon catch on, which is perhaps the most optimistic news-related attitude we’ve covered all weekend. Yet is it realistic?
(Via Reuters & Gizmodo )",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
280121,"PRO FOOTBALL LAKE FOREST, Illinois (AP) — Star receiver Alshon Jeffery was suspended for four games without pay for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing substances, the latest staggering blow for the reeling Chicago Bears.
Jeffery posted on Twitter that he took a supplement for inflammation containing a substance banned by the league.
""I take full responsibility and I'm deeply upset with myself for not doing the proper research on this supplement,"" he wrote. ""I want to apologize to my family, the Bears organization, my teammates, and Bears fans.""
His suspension was another dose of bad news for a team that lost several players to injuries in an embarrassing 36-10 loss at Tampa Bay that left the Bears with a 2-7 record. Now, they will have to get by without arguably their best player, starting with Sunday's game at the New York Giants.
PRO HOCKEY
GLENDALE, Arizona (AP) — When the city of Glendale backed out of an arena lease deal with the Arizona Coyotes last year, it put the future of the franchise in doubt yet again.
Turns out, Glendale may have done the Coyotes a favor.
The Coyotes announced a proposal to build a 16,000-seat arena near Arizona State University's main campus by 2019, a deal that would put the team in the heart of the Phoenix area's population and financial center.
The new arena will be on a 58-acre parcel within Arizona State's Athletic Facilities District, less than two miles from campus. The NHL arena will include an attached 4,000-seat multi-sport arena that would be used for Coyotes practices as well as by ASU athletics and youth hockey teams.
COLLEGE FOOTBALL
JEFFERSON CITY, Tennessee (AP) — Carson-Newman coach Ken Sparks has retired, ending a 37-season career in which he won 338 games to rank fifth on the NCAA's all-time list.
""It's been an unbelievable journey,"" Sparks said during a news conference at the athletic complex that has been named after him.
The only coaches with more career wins are John Gagliardi (489), Joe Paterno (409), Eddie Robinson (408) and Bobby Bowden (377). Sparks went 338-99-2 and had the most wins of any active coach.
Sparks, 72, had continued coaching even after announcing in 2012 that he had cancer. Sparks said Monday that he was ""at peace"" and indicated his health issues played a role in his decision to retire now.
SOCCER
COMMERCE CITY, Colorado (AP) — Colorado Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard will undergo season-ending surgery Thursday for an injury he sustained in last week's World Cup qualifier between the U.S. and Mexico.
Howard will miss the Rapids' appearance in the MLS conference championship against Seattle this month.
Howard was diagnosed with a right adductor injury. He is expected to be sidelined four months.
Surgery is set for Thursday in Los Angeles by Dr. Michael B. Gerhardt.
OTHER
SEATTLE (AP) — Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson is joining the investment group looking to build a new NBA/NHL arena in Seattle's stadium district.
Lead investor Chris Hansen said Wilson is ""a young, smart and passionate entrepreneur,"" and is joining the group as a business partner.
Hansen's been the primary investor in the project, with members of the Nordstrom family and former Seattle SuperSonics team president and minority owner Wally Walker also part of the investment group.
Hansen last month announced his intention to privately finance the proposed project in exchange for tax breaks.
The city has acknowledged Hansen's intent while also opening a request for proposals for a possible renovation of KeyArena, the former home of the SuperSonics. The proposals are due in early 2017.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
111234,"Jerusalem (AFP) - Wildfires near Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank have forced hundreds to flee their homes, after mass evacuations in Israel and more than a dozen arrests, police said Saturday. Israeli and Palestinian firefighters, helped by foreign aircraft, have been battling dozens of bush blazes fed by drought and high winds that have seen tens of thousands of people evacuated.
Around 1,000 residents had to leave the Halamish settlement near Ramallah as 45 homes were damaged or destroyed by fire, a police spokeswoman said.
Blazes were also reported near the West Bank settlements of Dolev, Alfei Menashe and Karnei Shomron although there were no evacuations there.
Firefighting planes from Israel and countries including Russia, Turkey, Greece, France, Spain and Canada continued to dump tonnes of water and retardants on fires at locations including the village of Nataf close to Jerusalem.
A newly arrived US Supertanker, considered the largest firefighting aircraft in the world, was due to join the emergency operation on Saturday.
Police said they had arrested 14 people on suspicion of negligence or deliberately starting fires, without providing details on their identities.
In the country's third city Haifa, where tens of thousands had been evacuated Thursday from the path of towering flames which threatened entire neighbourhoods, residents have started to return to assess the damage.
The Israeli authorities suspect that some of the fires may have been of criminal origin and linked to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Friday there was ""no doubt"" some of the fires had been deliberate.
""There is a price to pay for the crimes committed, there is a price to pay for arson terrorism,"" he said.
Arab Israeli leaders have argued that their community, which makes up about 17.5 percent of the country's population, is as much affected by the fires as Jews.
The Palestinians joined the efforts overnight to extinguish the blazes, sending 41 firefighters and eight trucks to Haifa where around 200 families have been left homeless, the municipality said.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
150464,"Ryan Reynolds Tells Taraji P. Henson About His ‘Failed’ Audition for a Coen Brothers Movie Variety Staff Even Ryan Reynolds has bad auditions. The actor revealed the fact to Taraji P. Henson during the duo’s interview for Variety ‘s fifth season of “ Actors on Actors ,” which will premiere on PBS SoCal in January. Henson asked the “Deadpool” star what his most recent audition was like, and according to Reynolds, it was for a Coen brothers movie… and it didn’t go very well. “I auditioned and failed for the Coen brothers,” he replied. “It wasn’t the right fit, mostly because they’re very high class. They were just quietly shaking their heads, like, ‘What are you doing here? Do you have a SAG card?'” Henson also touched on the fact that she auditioned for Olivia Pope in Shonda Rhimes’ ABC hit “Scandal,” a role that eventually went to Kerry Washington. “Thank God Kerry got it,” the “Empire” and “Hidden Figures” star said. “It was her job.” “Isn’t it funny how sometimes you think, ‘Wow, someone else got it, and they ran with it, and it was perfect for them,'” Reynolds added. “Or there are the ones where you’re like, ‘Pee-yew, glad I didn’t get that one!'” Henson laughed. The interview will air in full on Variety ‘s “Actors on Actors” Season 5, presented by The Venetian Las Vegas, which debuts on PBS SoCal on Jan. 3. Related stories ",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
243805,"The xx Announce New Album, Share 'On Hold' Joe Price Pin it Share The xx have been teasing their long-awaited third album over the past few weeks, supplying fans with mysterious snippets of new music shortly after confirming work on the album had completed. Now they've announced that the album is titled I See You , and will be coming out January 13 via Young Turks. The new album, which was produced by Jamie XX and Rodaidh McDonald, was recorded between March 2014 and August 2016 in New York, Reykjavik, Marfa Texas, Los Angeles, and London. Announcing the news of the upcoming album on Facebook , The xx wrote, ""We realise these are uncertain times and we hope the joy and love we found making the record will find its way into the world, in however small a way. To coincide with the announcement of the album, the trio have shared the first single from the album, ""On Hold."" The track samples Hall & Oates' ""I Can't Go For That (No Can Do)."" The band has also shared the tracklist for the forthcoming album as well as the album art, which can be seen above. The deluxe vinyl boxset edition of the album will contain three bonus tracks, and more information can be found about that edition here . Listen to ""On Hold"" below, and check out the tracklist for the album below that. I See You Tracklist:",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
223901,"Share View photos Workers prepare to move the building that housed the studio of renowned artist Vance Kirkland from its location east of the State Capitol building to a new location near the art museum early Sunday, Nov. 6, 2016, in Denver. The move, which will take the entire day to complete, will be carried out by using remote-controlled wheels to propel the structure eight blocks through the center of the city. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski) More DENVER (AP) — A large building is on the move through Denver to a new location downtown, despite losing a few bricks along the way. The Vance Kirkland Studio building is a century old and 26 feet high. Movers are using remote-controlled wheels to move the building eight blocks. The move requires the city to raise traffic lights and block streets during the move, which is expected to take all day. The three-room studio was the artistic home of painter Vance Kirkland, who is considered one of the most important Colorado and Western painters of the 20th century. Kirkland, who died at age 76 in 1981, worked in the building for most of his 55-year career, the Kirkland Museum for Fine and Decorative Art says on its website. ___",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
196843,"BEIRUT (AP) — Kurdish-led Syrian forces backed by the U.S. said they have begun a military campaign to liberate the Islamic State group's de facto capital of Raqqa, urging civilians to avoid ""enemy gatherings"" in the Syrian city and warning Turkey not to interfere in the operation. The announcement by a coalition of Kurds and Arabs known as the Syria Democratic Forces came at a news conference in Ein Issa, north of Raqqa, and was attended by senior commanders and representatives of the group. But it lacked specific details on how they plan to oust the militants from the city, which is home to nearly 200,000 mostly Sunni Arabs and an estimated 5,000 militants.
Islamic State forces already are under attack by U.S.-backed Iraqi forces on the eastern edges of the city of Mosul, which the militant group seized in 2014 when it captured territory across Iraq and Syria for its self-proclaimed caliphate. The Iraqi forces, who began their operation Oct. 17, are trying to push deeper into the city, which is the militants' last urban bastion in Iraq.
Kurdish officials said the two anti-IS campaigns are not coordinated but simply a matter of ""good timing.""
""We call on our heroic steadfast people in Raqqa and surrounding areas to stay away from enemy gatherings which will be a target for the liberating forces and the coalition forces, and to head to areas that will be liberated,"" said Cihan Ehmed, an SDF fighter reading the statement.
She said 30,000 fighters will take part in the operation, dubbed ""Euphrates Rage,"" and that a joint operations command had been set up to coordinate various factions on all fronts.
The SDF is dominated by the main Syrian Kurdish fighting force known as the People's Protection Units, or YPG. The United States considers the group to be the most effective force against the IS, but Turkey views it as a terrorist organization and claims it's linked to Turkey's outlawed Kurdish group. Turkish officials including President Recep Tayip Erdogan have said they will not accept a role for the Kurds in the liberation of Raqqa.
Turkey's defense minister last week suggested that instead of the Kurds, Turkish-backed forces can present an ""alternative.""
But Kurdish officials have rejected any role in the Raqqa campaign for Turkey or the opposition forces it backs inside Syria, and U.S. officials have also acknowledged that the YPG will be a major part of any Raqqa offensive.
""Our hope is that the Turkish state will not interfere in the internal affairs of Syria,"" Ahmad said at the news conference, suggesting SDF forces would defend themselves if it did. ""Raqqa will be free by its own sons.""
There was no immediate comment from Turkey, the U.S. or the Syrian government of President Bashar Assad on the Kurdish announcement.
SDF spokesman Talal Sillo told The Associated Press that the Raqqa campaign will occur on several fronts.
""We want to liberate the surrounding countryside, then encircle the city, then we will assault and liberate it,"" he said. Asked whether he had assurances from the U.S. that Turkey or other forces will not interfere, he replied: ""Of course, to begin the operation, we have made sure there will be no other forces but the SDF in the operation.""
Another SDF official, Rezan Hiddo, said Turkey has been an ""obstacle"" to the Raqqa campaign all along. He said the SDF has informed the international coalition that Turkey could spoil the campaign if it decides to strike at Kurdish-controlled areas in northern Syria. This would force the Kurds to stop their campaign toward Raqqa to protect their areas, he said.
""We cannot extinguish the fire in our neighbor's house if our home is burning,"" he added.
U.S. officials have acknowledged that ousting IS from Raqqa poses tougher political challenges than the Mosul offensive, and have suggested the initial stage would involve isolating the city before any forces try to move in.
The commander of anti-IS coalition forces, Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, said last week that U.S. intelligence has detected signs that Islamic State attacks against Western targets are being plotted from Raqqa, adding urgency to coalition plans to encircle and eventually assault the city.
""We know this plot-and-planning is emanating from Raqqa. We think we've got to get to Raqqa pretty soon.""
But coalition leaders have been struggling with the timing for the Raqqa campaign, not only because of the demands of the large Iraqi-led Mosul operation but also because the political and military landscape in Syria is more complicated amid a civil war that has lasted more than five years and has devastated much of the country.
Townsend said more Syrian opposition fighters need to be recruited, trained and equipped for the Raqqa battle, but he and other officials have said in recent days that the Mosul and Raqqa operations will overlap.
Unlike in Iraq, where the coalition has a coherent government to work with, the U.S. and its coalition partners in Syria are relying on a hodgepodge of local Arab and Kurdish opposition groups, some of which are fierce rivals. The tensions are exacerbated by the presence of Russian and Syrian forces on one side and Turkish forces on another.
Townsend said, however, that the YPG will necessarily be part of the offensive.
""The facts are these: The only force that is capable on any near-term timeline is the Syrian Democratic Forces, of which the YPG are a significant portion,"" he said.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
72757,"This Instagram famous pup is all of us rushing to Thanksgiving dinner Rachel Charlene Lewis More Today’s the day, friends! And we know what that means: food, and lots of it. And this Instagram famous dog is one dog you have to follow on Instagram , because it’s SO US today. Just watching the little guy rush to Thanksgiving dinner is giving us all the feels, because, well, we’re doing the exact same thing. Don’t judge us! It’s not our fault Thanksgiving dinner is so strangely delicious. This video of an Instagram famous pup literally flinging his body down the staircase to get to Thanksgiving dinner is legit us right now. The adorable french bulldog captioned the photo, “When mom says she needs a taste-tester for the mashed potatoes so u spring into action ” It’s seriously the most relatable thing we’ve seen this Thanksgiving. With 39k views, we’re not the only ones totally feeling this! But the perfect seasonal posts don’t end there. This photo of the cutie in a sweater is about as us as it gets. A ! “Thanksgiving tip: wear a bulky sweater to hide ur food baby belly.” Yeah, we feel that. Happy Thanksgiving, friends!",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
39823,"By Lisa Baertlein (Reuters) - Forty-five large investors collectively managing $1.2 trillion in assets are pressing some of the nation's largest meat producers to set policies for reducing water pollution in their feeding, slaughtering and processing operations.
The investors, who are members of sustainability non-profit advocate Ceres and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility (ICCR), sent letters to Cargill Inc [CARG.UL], JBS, Perdue Farms and Smithfield Foods [SFII.UL].
In those letters, they asked the companies to assess the pollution impacts of their direct operations and supply chains to develop comprehensive plans for protecting waterways, safely storing and managing animal waste and minimizing fertilizer runoff from feed production.
""We believe that robust management of water quality challenges is a critical aspect of risk management in the meat industry, and one of increasing importance in the context of climate change and growing weather extremes,"" the investors wrote.
""Broad mismanagement of local water resources can lead to devastating regulatory, reputational, and litigation risks, weakening a company's ability to operate profitably,"" said Kristel Verhoef, active ownership specialist at ACTIAM, which has 56 billion euros under management.
The campaign lands a month after Hurricane Matthew flooded manure lagoons and left behind millions of drowned hog, chicken and turkey carcasses, raising water contamination risks in the U.S. southeast.
Ceres last year released a report ranking major food companies on water risk. Several meat companies, including Tyson Foods Inc and JBS, were identified among the worst performers.
""With climate change, business-as-usual management of the more than 300 million tons of manure produced annually by the U.S. livestock industry is no longer feasible,"" said Brooke Barton, senior program director of Ceres' Water and Food Programs.
Cargill in a statement said it is working with customers, competitors, suppliers and conservation groups to improve water stewardship across supply chains in North America and beyond.
""Water is critical to supporting the agricultural economy, and we are committed to advancing sustainable solutions,"" Cargill said.
Perdue said it strives to operate at or better-than compliance levels, and to move quickly to address issues.
""Environmental stewardship is part of our company values and a factor in our incentive programs,"" Perdue spokesman Joe Forsthoffer said.
JBS and Tyson officials were not immediately available for comment.
Smithfield, which the Ceres report ranked as No. 1 among meat producers for water management, said it uses ""cutting-edge science to handle manure responsibility"" as part of ongoing efforts to address water pollution risks across its operations.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
277184,"EXCLUSIVE: Watch the New 'Teen Wolf' Opening Titles for the Final Season Philiana Ng Share Teen Wolf is back for its last hurrah. ET has the exclusive first look at the brand new opening titles for the sixth and final season of the MTV supernatural drama, and they are about as dark as you would imagine for a show reaching its final chapter . RELATED: Get Your First Look at 'Teen Wolf's' Final Season Set to the signature Teen Wolf theme, the credits open with Tyler Posey 's face half hidden in shadow, before a montage of ominous imagery featuring main cast members Dylan O'Brien, Holland Roden, Shelley Hennig, Dylan Sprayberry, Linden Ashby, Melissa Ponzio and J.R. Bourne. On Friday, ET was the first to break the last official cast photos for Teen Wolf, which will wrap its run with a 20-episode final season. The final episodes begin with Scott (Posey) and the pack as they head into their final year at Beacon Hills High. Though senior year is supposed to be the best year of their lives, things take a dark turn when the group tries to move forward without one of their own. At Comic-Con, Teen Wolf showrunner Jeff Davis reflected on the final run for the supernatural drama, telling the fans in July, ""We're sad about it and it's bittersweet."" ""This has been the biggest movement that we've ever been a part of,"" Posey said. Teen Wolf premieres its final season on Tuesday at 9 p.m. ET/PT on MTV.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
310842,"If you're looking for ways to save a little cash ahead of the holiday shopping season, how about never spending money on an app again? If you follow our daily posts on paid iPhone and iPad apps on sale for free for a limited time, that goal is well within reach. We've got 10 hot apps for you to check out on Tuesday, and remember that these sales could end at any time so be sure to take a look at any apps that seem appealing as soon as possible. By the way, there's an extra special app at the end of today's list that we think you're really going to like. Definitely check it out.
MUST SEE:  New performance tests show just how dominant the iPhone 7 really is 
These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. 
InstaWeb instaweb More Normally $1.99.

""If you are looking for a cool app for storing webpages in PDF format for offline viewing, this is the perfect one for you."" - makeuseof
""This is just perfect, which is exactly what I need. I can view the web page like Safari's Reader, removing all the clutters"" - User Review
InstaWeb is a powerful tool for iPhone and iPad to convert any website to PDF very fast and easy. InstaWeb also features a clutter remover to create clean and ready to read PDFs. A must have tool for students, teachers, and professional users who save online articles for offline reading.

With InstaWeb you can share your PDF via email, Dropbox, SkyDrive, Google Drive. Also, you can print your file using an AirPrint compatible printer.
Features:
◉ WEB TO PDF CONVERTER - SECURE
Convert any website to PDF using the built in browser. Everything is done inside the app, you don't have to worry about privacy or external servers.

◉ FOLDER ORGANIZATION - OFFLINE STORAGE
Save every PDF on your device. Organize them using folder structure.

◉ REMOVE CLUTTER, FOCUS ON READING
InstaWeb features a clean reading view to enjoy your favorite articles or online magazines. Also, you can convert your clean article to PDF for offline reading!

◉ IN-APP BROWSER
You can preview the webpage using the in-app browser. You can also use bookmarklet in Safari to send to article to InstaWeb.

◉ AIRDROP SHARING
PDF created with InstaWeb can be share with a new iOS 7 feature called AirDropb. Let the sharing begin!

◉ SHARE, SAVE AND PRINT
IntaWeb includes Dropbox, Google Drive, SkyDrive, Evernote, Email and Print.

◉ PDF VIEWER
You can read your PDF within the app using the built in PDF Viewer.

Download InstaWeb 
Moustache Moji moustache-moji More Read More Normally $1.99.

Maybe you're wondering, why Moustache Moji?
And the answer is simple: Because we love moustaches just as much as you do! And because moustaches are totally awesome.
To celebrate the moustache way of life, we have put together the most fantastic sticker pack you'll ever see. And what month would be better to download this cool Moustache Sticker pack than November - the month of the Moustache!
More than 200 different kinds of stickers; Men, women, moustache quotes and much, much more. Fifty of the stickers are hilarious animations that literally will make you laugh out loud.
* Manly Moustaches
The largest collection of manly moustache emojis you'll ever see in one place! We got everything covered, from the most crazy ones to the old classics.

* Feminine Moustaches
Of course our beloved Mo-Sisters also have their very own moustache emojis! Our female moustache collection has got something to offer for everyone.

* Hilarious Animations
Fifty of the coolest and most hilarious animations you'll ever see! Workout Moustaches? We got it. Super Hero Moustaches. We got that too!

* Moustache Quotes
The most famous, most weird and most funny Moustache Quotes out there. We got you covered in this area as well.

Moustache Moji has got something for everyone, download it now and spread the Moustache Love to all your family and friends!
Download Moustache Moji 
MarginNote Pro marginnote-pro More Normally $7.99.

*** Reading & Studying will NEVER be the same! ***
Welcome to MarginNote. This is a highly powerful reading and study software and is applicable to Mac, iPad, and iPhone. By integrating the PDF/EPUB reader and multiple powerful study tools, MarginNote will enable learners to reorganize and connect knowledge from different aspects, then memorize and grasp it accordingly.
Whatever your profession, such as student, educator, researcher, lawyer, or life-long learner, you may annotate and take notes through MarginNote, organize notes via Mindmap and Outline, connect knowledge horizontally via Hashtag and raise memory effect via the Flashcards.
You will discover what MarginNote does is not to simply integrate these tools. Instead, it combines them deeply and skillfully, which makes it easier for users to toggle between different tools.
=== MarginNote FEATURES ===
Reading:
- Support PDF and EPUB format;
- Show book notes and links at page margin;
- Converting Web page into EPUB via Safari or embedded web browser;
- Support adding many books (materials) into one notebook; Annotating and NoteTaking:
- Support text highlight and rectangular highlight;
- Sketch on book page directly for highlight;
- Add notes directly at the page margin; the note editing area will not overlap with the book content at all;
- Text, voice, picture, sketching and many other forms of comments in note;
- Add hashtags to notes to facilitate the connection of notes; Outline and Mindmap:
- Outline and Mindmap in one view;
- Create Outline tree by swipe gestures;
- Multi-selection editing such as group, merge, clone, etc;
- Quick searching and filtering according to colors, hashtags, books. Flashcard:
- Highlights and notes can be automatically turned into flashcards for review;
- Spaced repetition adopting the Anki-based algorithm;
- Switch to the linking book page at any time;
- Simply sketch on the page highlight to serve as the question of the flashcard;
- Text to speech for flashcards; iPad Pro & Apple pencil:
- Split View of multiple tasks;
- High-precision drawing by Apple pencil;
- MarginNote has been fine tuned for Apple pencil. With intuitive design, user can scroll page by one finger and draw by pencil;
- Optimize the keyboard operations to a great extent. The shotcuts combination such as “TAB+ENTER” leads to efficient input during writing; Import, Export and Sync:
- Import webpages and notes from Evernote;
- Export flashcards to Anki;
- Export Outline to OmniOutliner;
- Export Mindmap to iThoughts or MindManager;
- Export to Evernote;
- Export all the margin notes, MindManager, Outline and related PDF/EPUB to a printable PDF;
- Sync books¬es with iCloud; == IT’S ABOUT STREAMLINING AND ENERGIZING YOUR NOTE TAKING PROCESS ==
MarginNote is the only note taking app you’ll ever need! Staying organized, engaged, and in-control just got really simple and effective: MarginNote!

Feel free to drop us a line! We’re always listening to your suggestions to improve MarginNote! If you have any issues with the app, just contact us and we will help you!
http://marginnote.com
Download MarginNote Pro 
Telepaste telepaste More Normally $0.99.

Copy and paste between devices within 1 second!
Not more than one button need to be pressed!
No wifi/bluetooth connection is needed!
Auto generate QR codes from clipboard!
Auto copy decoded content to clipboard!
You can even auto save to your photo library!
URL, phone numbers or time detection, one tap to browse, to call or to create an event! Especially useful for those who have more than one iOS devices.
Telepaste uses QR codes as a media, is able to auto capture contents from your pasteboard and generate QR code before you get in the app. You don't have to press any button to generate the code! Telepaste also supports auto-copying the decoded contents to the pasteboard, really a convenient utility! Don't miss it!
Download Telepaste 
Crat.es crates More Normally $1.99.

Be thoughtful. Send crates.
Crates are time delayed messages. You choose the arrival time, and the recipient anticipates arrival. All they can see is a Hint until the crate arrives. Your friends are NOT required to have the app to join in the fun.
Enjoy the utility, novelty and romanticism of this new way of messaging. Use it to connect more thoughtfully with others.
Here are a few things we love to do with crates:
- Make predictions for political outcomes, sporting events, and awards shows
- Communicate across timezones for optimal arrival time
- Write entries in a personal diary that actually get read
- Tease a loved one with a mysterious hint
- Compose ""thank you"" notes moments after the experience but set to arrive on its anniversary Download Crat.es 
Translate 2 for Safari translate-2-for-safari More Normally $4.99.

Translate 2 for Safari - Translate & Speak Web
(TranslateSafari 2 - Translate & Speak Extension for Safari)

The app is a Safari extension that translates and speaks aloud the entire web page of Safari app.
A must have app to translate and speak aloud web pages of Safari.

Useful Features
● Translate the entire web page of Safari app
- Support both Bing Translator (40+ languages) and Google Translate (60+ languages) translation services
- Show both original web page and translation
- Display the original text for each translated sentence ● Speak aloud the entire web page of Safari app
- Speak 30+ languages
- Read all unread web pages automatically
- Swipe to control skipping sentences
- Highlight word by word for each speaking sentence
- Speak aloud the clicked web page
- Add favorite web pages with ""Starred"" to speak aloud later
- With funny bear and human face animations while speaking
- Support useful speaking repeat, pause, speed and pitch options ● Optimize speak functions (Pro)
- Background operation support: keep reading aloud web pages in the background while using another app
- Lock screen support: play, pause, skip a sentence, adjust playback volume and see the sentences list on the lock screen
- Headphone support: play, pause, adjust playback volume and detect headphone plugged and unplugged
Features
● A Safari extension that translates the entire web page
The app provides a Safari extension that translates the entire web page of Safari app. ● Supports both Bing Translator and Google Translate translation services
The app supports both Bing Translator (40+ languages) and Google Translate (60+ languages) translation services.
The service requires the internet connection while translating.

● Display the original text for each translated sentence
The app could display the original text while taping the translated sentence.
Show both original web page and translation. Switch between the translation and original web page (Google Translate, iPad).

● A Safari extension that speaks aloud the entire web page sentence by sentence
The app integrates the system text-to-speech engine, speaks aloud sentence by sentence without internet connecting.
Speak 30+ languages:
Arabic (Saudi Arabia), Chinese (China), Chinese (Cantonese), Chinese (Taiwan), Czech (Czech Republic), Danish (Denmark), Dutch (Belgium), Dutch (Netherlands), English (Australia), English (Ireland), English (South Africa), English (United Kingdom), English (United States), Finnish (Finland), French (Canada), French (France), German (Germany), Greek (Greece), Hebrew (Israel), Hindi (India), Hungarian (Hungary), Indonesian (Indonesia), Italian (Italy), Japanese (Japan), Korean (South Korea), Norwegian (Norway), Polish (Poland), Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian (Romania), Russian (Russia), Slovak (Slovakia), Spanish (Mexico), Spanish (Spain), Swedish (Sweden), Thai (Thailand) and Turkish (Turkey).
The app supports one system language, you can make in-app purchases to buy extra languages. ● Add favorite web pages with ""Starred""
Add favorite web pages with ""Starred"" to speak aloud later.
You can swipe to mark a starred item as read or unread, and flag or unflag a starred item.

● Read all unread web pages automatically
The app can read all unread starred web pages automatically.

● Swipe to control skipping sentences
You can skip a sentence or all below sentences while in Speak mode.

● Speak aloud the clicked web page
If you click the link on web page while in Speak mode, the app will read the clicked web page automatically.

● Support useful speaking options
Repeat times of the whole article, repeat times of each sentence, speaking pause seconds between sentences, speaking speed, speaking pitch and font size options.

● Speaking face animation
● Highlight words while speaking
The app will highlight word by word for each speaking sentence.

Note:
The app requires iOS 8 (or later).

Download Translate 2 for Safari 
Compass Zen PRO compass-zen-pro More Normally $9.99.

Compass Zen is an eye-catching, minimalist compass app designed specifically for your ipad or iphone. Compass Zen delivers many features with an accuracy that will exceed all your expectations. The magnetic north compass will ensure your co-ordinates are exact and will also tell you your altitude and speed.
The elegant design offering easy-to-read information also sports a background customization facility, meaning you can decide what works best for you.
There are options of reading the speedometer in km or mph, choose your GPS altitude in meters or feet and view your co-ordinates in DMS or Decimal.
All of this gives you the ultimate user experience of a compass but with a simplicity and flair that is matched by no other iOS app on the market.
Features:
- True/ Magnetic North Compass
- Speedometer (in km/h or mph)
- GPS Altitude (in meters or feet)
- Coordinates (in DMS or Decimal)
- Elegant Minimalist Design
- Background Customization Download Compass Zen PRO 
Easy Spending easy-spending More Normally $1.99.

*** Over a Million satisfied users of our apps ***
See where your money goes and take control of where to spend your money effectively using the simple and yet powerful expense manager on iOS.

The Easy Spending expense tracker, is the most powerful and convenient daily expense manager App on the GO for iPhone and iPad, that neatly tracks all your cash flow between different accounts that you can budget, and is an easy to use App on a daily basis.
It is now, all the more secure, with the addition of Automatic Backup Service as part of its In-App purchase. With this feature you never have to worry about losing valuable financial data, either through accidental deletion or change of device. You can restore it on any device with this App installed.
Comes with easy gestures with convenient layout and clutter free interface, with large fonts, well spaced layouts for easy viewing and readability.
Great for maintaining monthly recurring bills with reminders, it has the convenience of an Expense Tracker and BILL reminders at one place.
HIGHLIGHTS
@ Never loose your valuable financial data with the All new Automatic Backup Service, (available as an In-App purchase)
@ Excellent and seamless cloud sync of all your transaction data. (available as an In-App purchase)
@ BILL Reminders.
@ Recurring income/expense tracking
@ MULTIPLE ACCOUNT(S) Summary in a single screen, and nice reports.
$ Passcode LOCK.
$ Support Fortnightly transactions.
$ NOTIFICATIONS added to Default calendar for recurring transactions as an option. Using this option, NEVER forget to pay your BILL on time.
$ See future bills/payments and income using, ""UPCOMING TRANSACTIONS"" view.
$ Cool Search based on category and notes
$ Allows transactions to be emailed as CSV, and also uploaded to your Google Drive account
$ Store data for MANY MANY years
$ Preview comments in History while drilling down the transactions.
$ Use MULTIPLE accounts like Checking, Savings, Credit card, Cash flow, Mortgage accounts etc.
$ Preview comments in History while drilling down the transactions.
Download Easy Spending 
UniClip uniclip More Normally $1.99.

Tired of constantly sending yourself a text message or email with a website address, code or piece of text? UniClip stops all of that hassle by simply allowing you to type or paste text from one iCloud connected device and instantly find it on another!
Compatible with iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad and Mac. You just need to be signed in with the same iCloud account on each device!
Get the Mac app: https://itunes.apple.com/app/uniclip-universal-clipboard/id1082816212?mt=12
Download UniClip 
K Blocker k-blocker More Normally $0.99.

Enjoy Kardashian-free web browsing. Instantly vanish Kim, Kylie, Khloe, Kendall, Kourtney, Caytlin, Kanye and the rest of the Kardashians from the interwebs.
K Blocker filters out links, websites and photos that contain keywords related to the Kardashian clan.
K Blocker uses the latest iOS Content Blocking capabilities. It integrates directly into Safari, so you do not need to change anything about the way you browse the web. Simply enable K Blocker and you will see how photos, images and links related to the Kardashians just disappear. K Blocker also blocks website URLs that contain Kardiashian-related keywords, so if you accidentally follow a link to one of these sites, you will only see a blank page.
In addition to working in Safari, K Blocker also works in certain apps that use Safari Webkit for web browsing. K Blocker does NOT work in apps such as Facebook for iOS or Twitter for iOS. However, it will work if you access these services via the Safari web browser.
LIMITATIONS: K Blocker is intended for entertainment purposes only. It has been tested on a large number of websites. It will dramatically reduce your exposure to Kardashian-related content. However, it cannot block 100% of the Kardashian content on 100% of the websites. It may also affect the display of some web content that mistakenly identifies as Kardashian-related.
DISCLAIMER: Reference to any celebrity, person, product, name or trademark is for descriptive purposes only and does not constitute or imply sponsorship or endorsement.
Download K Blocker 
Trending right now: 
Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad: iPhone 7, PS4 Pro bundle, TVs, and other huge deals Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed New performance tests show just how dominant the iPhone 7 really is See the original version of this article on BGR.com",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
115426,"Mariah Carey may have something of a diva reputation , but that didn’t get in the way of creating the perfect Thanksgiving feast — and documenting the entire day for Instagram.
The 46-year-old singer headed to the grocery store in Hawaii on Thursday ahead of the holiday meal dressed in a revealing lace-up top, jeans and sunglasses. She even stopped to take photos with fans and snap a saucy photo with two pineapples.
“Just a regular day at the #grocery store,” Carey captioned a photo posing with an admirer.
The pop star then donned a yellow apron to prepare her purchases for the dinner table. All the fixings, from the turkey to the pies, were spread out on the table.
Carey spent the holiday with ex-husband Nick Cannon , less than a month after their divorce was finalized , and their 5-year-old twins Monroe and Moroccan . They even recorded a video message wishing everyone a happy Thanksgiving before chowing down.
Carey opened up about her recently breakup from fiancé James Packer on Wednesday’s The Ellen DeGeneres Show , revealing that she’s “doing well.”
“Everything happens for a reason,” she shared. “Things are the way they are.”
She added: “It’s kind of difficult to talk about it at the moment. So I’m just going to compliment you on these decorations once again because they are fabulous and I’m here.”",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
69390,"Tila Tequila offended with this photo. (Photo: Twitter) An alt-right conference was held in Washington, D.C., on Sat., Nov. 19, and among the many gathered to hear white nationalist Richard Spencer speak was former reality TV star Tila Tequila. After she tweeted a photo of herself holding up the Nazi salute during a dinner at Maggianos Little Italy restaurant, the restaurant posted a statement on Facebook apologizing for Tequila's actions, and her Twitter account was later suspended.
""This was a last minute booking made Friday afternoon, and the reservation was made under a different name, therefore we were not aware that NPI was dining with us or what the group represents,"" Maggianos said in the statement. ""After the event, an attendee sent a tweet in which she made a 'Sieg Heil salute' in support of Hitler and white supremacy. This expression of support of Hitler is extremely offensive to us, as our restaurant is home to Teammates and Guests of every race, religion and cultural background.""
The restaurant went on to ""apologize to the community of Friendship Heights for inadvertently hosting this meeting"" and announced that the profits made from the night of the Tila Tequila incident will be donated to ""the DC office of the Anti-Defamation League"".
Read the full statement below.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
146761,"Choose Life In The First Full Trailer To 'Trainspotting' Sequel 'T2: Trainspotting' robopanda Pin it Share “Choose life. Choose Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and hope that someone, somewhere, cares. Choose looking up old flames, wishing you’d done it all differently. And choose watching history repeat itself. Choose your future. Choose reality TV, slut-shaming, revenge porn. Choose a zero-hour contract , a two-hour journey to work, and the same for your kids, only worse. And smother the pain with an unknown dose of an unknown drug made in somebody’s kitchen, and then, take a deep breath.” A “choose life” monologue from Ewan McGregor can only mean one thing. The first full trailer for Danny Boyle’s Trainspotting followup — T2: Trainspotting — is here. We’ve been anticipating this one for awhile , and we already saw a teaser this summer and learned the five principal cast members — Ewan McGregor, Jonny Lee Miller, Kelly Macdonald, Robert Carlyle, and Ewan Bremner — were coming back. In T2: Trainspotting — set 20 years after Boyle’s 1996 cult hit and based on Trainspotting author Irvine Welsh’s follow-up novel, Porno — the whole gang is reunited long after Renton (Ewan McGregor) betrayed them. Some of them are ready to reconcile; others less so. Did you really think Begbie would be the forgiving type? t2-trainspotting-2-02_sony",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
333461,"Victoria Beckham used her daughter’s drawing for this World AIDS Day shirt, and we think it’s gorgeous Karen Belz Pin it Share More The Beckham household is definitely oozing with talent. This time, it’s visual art that’s being showcased! For World AIDS Day, Victoria Beckham used a drawing that her five-year-old daughter, Harper, drew for an incredible t-shirt that’ll hopefully raise some funds and awareness for the important cause. Taking place on December 1st, World AIDS Day observes the struggle and dedication that those infected with the disease conquer through. We’re sure that Harper is thrilled that she’s helping to make a difference! According to her Mom, t-shirts will be available on her website for both children and adults. The proceeds will go towards Born Free Africa, which helps prevent the transmission of AIDS from mother to child through birth. “This year, for the first time (and along with a little help from Harper), I’ve created an adults T-shirt with a matching mini-version for children too,” Beckham said in an interview with Harper’s Bazaar . This isn’t the first time that Beckham wanted the world to check out her daughter’s incredible art . Just by looking at her Instagram account, it’s obvious that she’s genuinely impressed with Harper’s talent. And of course, her Dad — the one and only David Beckham — is quite proud of Harper’s design as well. About a year ago, her famous World AIDS Day design was actually inked on his palm. (It looks like it probably hurt, but David is a tattoo pro — he has over 40 !) If you’d like to purchase this amazing shirt and support a great cause, it’s currently available in UK sizes on Victoria Beckham’s website.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
83444,"KASHIWA, Japan (AP) — At a public bath in a Yokohama slum in the 1950s, a red-haired girl scrubs her skin with a pumice stone, hard, to try to get the white out. Other kids sometimes taunt her. ""American, American."" She yells back, ""I'm Japanese!""
She is told she was abandoned. Only much later would she learn that her family had been a casualty of anti-Asian immigration policy in the United States. Her American father got Congress to pass a special bill that would have allowed her to enter the U.S., yet she went most of her 67 years without knowing that.
""So many coincidences happened in my life,"" she said in an interview at her house outside Tokyo. ""But altogether, you know, I managed to put the whole story, that now I'm settled, and I have peace of mind. Thank goodness that I don't have to live with two people anymore.""
Those two people are Mary Ann Vaughn, the girl she was born as, and Marianne Wilson, the girl that fate made her.
Her father, Texas-born James Vaughn, arrived in Japan in early 1946. The 20-year-old civilian was assigned to a U.S. military base in Yokohama. He met 16-year-old Vivienne Wilson working in the PX to help support her family. Their daughter, Mary Ann Vaughn, was born in a Yokohama hospital on April 17, 1949.
It was an ill-fated romance. The military denied Vaughn permission to marry Wilson, based on U.S. immigration law, because she was half-Japanese. Back in the U.S., he wrote to Congress, which passed a law allowing Wilson and her daughter to enter the U.S. It was dated Aug. 5, 1950.
That very day Vivienne Wilson died of tuberculosis. Mary Ann was 16 months old.
Wilson's family asked her nanny to take care of Mary Ann until her father returned. He never did.
She didn't know she was American. In fact, she was taught to be terrified of Americans. But ultimately, an organization set up to help orphans left behind by American soldiers found her.
In letters to the Swedish consul in Tokyo in 1955, the group reported that Mary Ann's nanny wanted to adopt her, but questioned whether that was advisable, given her impoverished circumstances.
Sweden decided it should find a home for her, and a custody battle ensued. The court ruled in Sweden's favor in 1958.
Under a compromise with the Swedish Embassy, the child would go to an international school, live with a foreign host family during the week and stay with her nanny Fumi Yamaguchi on weekends.
That wasn't the only change the deal required. Until then, the girl had been known as Mary Ann Yamaguchi. ""From now on,"" Yamaguchi told her, ""your name is going to be Marianne Wilson.""
It was a name she hated. Marianne is the Swedish version of Mary Ann, and in her 9-year-old mind, it was the source of all her troubles. She struggled to learn English, and while she met other mixed-race children, it didn't help her understand her own family.
On her deathbed in 1975, Yamaguchi told Marianne everything. James Vaughn was her father, and he hadn't abandoned her, but had tried to find her. She gave her old photos, and said, these are your parents.
Marianne did not investigate further until after she had a family of her own and had become Marianne Wilson Kuroda. Even then it took years to get answers. In 2004, the Japanese Red Cross told her: We found James Vaughn, but unfortunately he died 11 months ago. And you have a younger brother in America.
Three months later, she was flying to Albuquerque, New Mexico.
She and her 56-year-old half-brother, Steve Vaughn, compared photos. They found they had similar ones of their father. They visited the grave of their father, who had died on Feb. 3, 2003, at the age of 77.
""I had to give him respect, you know. But, um, hmm, it was like, you know, 'Why did you die 11 months ago?'"" Marianne said. ""You could have lived a little bit longer after all these years.""
She decided to claim her U.S. citizenship, in his honor. It would take 12 years. U.S. officials had questions about the law, and about why someone who did not intend to move to America wanted citizenship.
""Her case is a consequence of this history of discrimination from immigration law and citizenship law that I thought really needed to be corrected,"" said Rose Cuison Villazor, a professor at the Immigration Law Clinic at the University of California, Davis, who helped Marianne. ""There was ... this awful history that I felt needed to be addressed as a matter of justice.""
The U.S. ultimately granted Marianne citizenship. A photo posted this June on Facebook shows a smiling Marianne standing outside the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo, holding up the oath of allegiance she had just signed.
She says she has one more task. She wants to visit the cemetery in the west Texas city of Spur where her paternal grandparents are buried.
""I want to show them my American passport and say, 'Grandpa, Grandma. I'm home.'""",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
191856,"SOFIA, Bulgaria (AP) — A former Bulgarian Air Force officer who has called on the European Union to lift its sanctions against Russia was the likely winner of the country's presidential election Sunday, but he did not secure enough votes to avoid a runoff, exit polls showed. The exit polls gave opposition Socialist candidate Rumen Radev a narrow lead over the candidate of the ruling center-right party, Parliament Speaker Tsetska Tsacheva, who was seen as the race's front-runner ahead of Sunday's voting.
The Balkan nation's relations with Russia, the future of the European Union and increasing immigration since neighboring countries closed their borders to refugees and migrants fleeing Africa and the Middle East dominated the election campaign.
Bulgaria, which joined the European Union a decade ago, remains the poorest member of the bloc. The slow pace of reforms to eliminate graft and poverty has fueled disillusionment, while over 1 million young people in the nation of 7.2 million have emigrated in search of better futures abroad.
Radev, 53, and Tsacheva, 58, were two of 21 candidates seeking the largely ceremonial presidency in an election that for the first time made voting for the position compulsory for Bulgaria's 6.8 million voters.
If officials uphold the election results, the two will go head-to-head in a runoff election on Nov. 13.
Most political analysts said Radev's likely victory in the runoff poses a threat for Prime Minister Borisov and his ruling GERB party, possibly prompting early general elections next spring that could shake up Bulgaria's political scene.
Radev, a former fighter pilot, has pledged to comply with Bulgaria's European obligations, if he is elected. But he also has said that ""being pro-European does not mean being anti-Russian"" and insisted that sanctions on Moscow need to be lifted.
Bulgaria joined NATO in 2004, but many in this Black Sea country still share deep historical and cultural ties with Moscow. Energy-strapped Bulgaria is also heavily reliant on Russian supplies.
If she becomes Bulgaria's first female president, Tsacheva is widely expected to continue the pro-Europe foreign policy of incumbent Rosen Plevneliev.
""I voted for a stable and secure Bulgaria with educated and prospering people living there,"" she said while casting her ballot.
Although the head of state has no executive powers, and all major policies must be approved by Parliament, the popular election imbues the post with a fair amount of political influence.
The president also leads the armed forces, can veto legislation and signs international treaties.
A poll conducted by the Alpha Research agency had Radev receiving 24.8 percent of the vote on Sunday, Tsacheva 23.5 percent.
Another poll by the Gallup International agency gave Radev 26.7 percent and Tsacheva 22.5 percent.
Although official results are not expected before Tuesday, they are not expected to change the need for or makeup of the runoff context.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
42161,"OREM, Utah (AP) — The Latest on the stabbings of five students at a Utah high school (all times local): 5:25 p.m.
Police in Utah have posted a letter online that they say is from the parents of a teen accused of stabbing five classmates and that apologizes for their son's actions.
The letter says none of the victims had done anything to hurt their son. Police aren't releasing the name of the suspect or victims, citing their ages. The five are expected to survive.
Orem police posted a picture of the hand-written letter on its official Twitter account Tuesday. It says the stabbings weren't racially or ethnically motivated and that the parents cannot express how sorry they are for the pain their son caused.
Police say the teen stabbed his classmates in the neck and upper torso as they were getting changed for physical education class in a boys locker room.
___
4:10 p.m.
Hospital officials say five students stabbed by a classmate at a Utah high school are expected to survive.
Utah Valley Hospital spokeswoman Janet Frank said in a statement Tuesday afternoon that two of the students are in critical but stable condition. Two others are in fair condition. Police say a fifth victim was released earlier Tuesday.
The suspect, a 16-year-old student who also stabbed himself in the neck, was released from the hospital but is in police custody.
Police say the teen stabbed five of his classmates in the neck and upper torso early Tuesday morning as they were getting changed for physical education class in a boys' locker room.
Police don't know the suspect's motive.
They aren't releasing names of the suspect or victim, citing their age.
___
2:40 p.m.
Police say a teenager suspected of stabbing five classmates and himself has been released from a hospital but is still in custody. One of the victims was also released after receiving treatment.
The four other male victims remained hospitalized with stab wounds to their necks and torsos.
Police have said their conditions range from fair to critical.
The 16-year-old suspect was taken into police custody following the stabbings just before a physical education class at Mountain View High School. Police say he was treated for self-inflicted stab wounds to his neck.
Police are investigating the motive for the attack. School officials said the teen was a straight-A student who had recently enrolled after being homeschooled.
Police have not released his name, citing his age.
___
11:30 a.m.
Utah police say a 16-year-old student accused of stabbing five other students inside his high school locker room stabbed himself before he was subdued with a Taser and taken into custody.
Orem Police Chief Gary Giles said Tuesday that school employees boxed the teen into a corner before the first police officer arrived, risking their lives to stop the bloodshed.
He says the injured students suffered wounds to their necks and torso. They are being treated at area hospitals and their conditions range from critical to fair. The suspect was also hospitalized.
School officials say the suspect was a new student who was previously homeschooled.
District spokeswoman Kimberly Bird says he was a straight-A student with no disciple problems.
She says the stabbings happened as the students were preparing for a morning physical education class.
___
10:40 a.m.
Students at a Utah high school say the stabbings of five teens happened in the boy's locker room of the school.
Junior Karen Martinez says she saw one injured teen running toward the school's office with a head wound and another with a neck wound.
Police say a 16-year-old boy was taken into custody after the stabbings and the victims' conditions range from critical to fair. All of the victims were male.
Sophomore Paxton Ransom says he saw blood on the locker room floor and thought it was fake until he saw a person who had been stabbed on the floor. He ran into the gym's weight room.
Students were allowed to go back to classes or leave with their parents after the hour-long lockdown. Dozens of frightened parents arrived to pick up their kids.
___
9:20 a.m.
Utah police say a 16-year-old boy is in custody after five male students were stabbed at a high school.
Orem police Lt. Craig Martinez told reporters on Tuesday each victim was stabbed at least once at Mountain View High school and their conditions range from critical to fair.
Martinez says it isn't yet clear if any of the victims' injuries are life-threatening.
He says the stabbing happened in the gym area shortly before 8 a.m. in Orem, about 40 miles south of Salt Lake City.
Martinez says the teen was taken into custody by a school resource officer. The victims are being treated at local hospitals.
He says the school's other students are safe after the suspect was caught.
The school was put on lockdown after the stabbing.
___
8:15 a.m.
A Utah high school is under lockdown while police investigate at least one stabbing and possibly more.
Police in Orem say they responded to the scene at Mountain View High School north of Provo at about 8 a.m. Tuesday.
KSL-TV reports (http://tinyurl.com/ju29za3) that a suspect is in custody.
No details have been released about how many people were stabbed or the seriousness of any injuries.
It's not known if any students were involved.
Police say the school remains under lockdown until further notice.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
106721,"Gilmore Girls: Who Played Emily's Maid Berta? (Hint: It's Someone You Know) Dave Nemetz Pin it Share Warning: This post contains spoilers about a certain character in Netflix’s Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life . Don’t read on if you don’t want to know. One of the most shocking revelations contained within Netflix’s Gilmore Girls revival: Emily Gilmore actually found a maid she likes! RELATED Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life : What Did You Think of the Final Four Words? On the original series, Emily ran through maids faster than Murphy Brown ran through secretaries. But in A Year in the Life , she keeps the cheerful, ever-smiling Berta in her employ for an entire year — even bringing her along when she moved to Nantucket. (This, despite the fact that Berta doesn’t seem to speak a word of English. Or any other known language, for that matter.) But did you notice who played Berta? We didn’t give it a thought on our first viewing, but sources confirm to TVLine that the role of Berta was actually played by… Rose Abdoo, who plays surly car mechanic Gypsy! Gilmore Girls Berta Gypsy Rose Abdoo More Abdoo (also seen on Bunheads and Parenthood ) has played Gypsy since Season 2, so her double role here is a great little Easter egg for die-hard Gilmore fans. And it brings a nice sense of connection between Stars Hollow and Emily’s Hartford home. We know Emily doesn’t like setting foot in Stars Hollow… but in a strange way, Stars Hollow came to her. Did you know that was Rose Abdoo underneath the Berta wig and accent? Hit the comments and tell us how surprised you were to find out. Related stories",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
251094,"10-year-old girl writes letter to Hillary Clinton, we cry Caitlin Gallagher More The U.S. won’t have its first woman president in 2017, but that doesn’t mean that Hillary Clinton didn’t inspire girls throughout America. And 10-year-old Kaia James just articulated how much Hillary did so by writing the most touching letter to Clinton on YourTango. Seriously, James’ words about how Clinton inspired HER will inspire YOU. She started off by thanking Clinton for standing up for all women and girls . “You have proven to me that men are not stronger than women,” James wrote. “I cried when I found out you lost the election , but I want you to know that you inspired me more because you lost,” James wrote. “You inspired me to work hard, to do my best and to stand up for what is right.” Although it’s heartbreaking to say she was more inspired because Clinton lost, James is finding the silver lining like many of us Clinton supporters have been trying to do over the last few days. More James also loved Clinton’s message of inclusion throughout her presidential campaign, writing: “Two of my favorite quotes that you said were that we are stronger together and there should be justice for ALL! Because I know that ‘all’ means the gay and lesbian people, and the brown and white people, and the people not born here in America. It is true we should unite as one.” We’re pretty sure that James is more articulate at 10 than we are right now. Another reason that James stated she felt so connected to Clinton was because she can personally relate to Clinton’s story about wanting to be an astronaut when she was a girl because James herself wants to be an astronaut. “And even when NASA said that girls couldn’t be astronauts, you worked harder and harder and never gave up,” she wrote. “Even though you never became an astronaut, you did so many incredible things.” While NASA may not have allowed women to becomes astronauts back in the 1960s, James lives in a world where she knows she can be anything, thanks to women like Clinton . Even if it is still the depressing truth that America has never had a female president , James is taking something good from this loss. “Thank you for inspiring me to work even harder. Thank you for showing me that there is more work for girls like me to do. I won’t let this election bring me down,” James wrote. “Instead of being an astronaut, maybe I will be a world leader and inspiration just like you.” This isn’t the first time that a young feminist has written a letter to Clinton and it surely won’t be the last. Knowing that girls like James have been encouraged to finish what Clinton started is at least something to put a smile on your face. Because as the T-shirt says (and this writer owned said T-shirt), “Someday a women will be president!” And that president just may be James, as she wrote, “You have fought for us and now it is our turn to fight for you.”",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
136750,"As Inauguration Day approaches, Donald Trump and his team face the task of filling Cabinet posts and thousands of other government roles in his administration. That long list will likely include a vacant spot for US chief technology officer, a role currently held by Megan Smith , the 52-year-old former Google ( GOOG ) executive who spent the last two years serving as assistant to the president in Washington, D.C. As the US’s second-ever CTO following Athenahealth co-founder Todd Park , Smith focused on improving three key areas during her tenure, including technology policy, creating a digital, open government, and increasing internet across the US. 
Whomever the president-elect appoints as Smith’s successor ought to be a member of the tech community with vast industry experience, an impressive Rolodex to help recruit talent for other technical roles in Trump’s administration, and of course, a deep understanding of the many facets of tech infrastructure, including the cloud and big data. 
Yahoo Finance has assembled a short wish list of candidates we’d like to see in the White House next year.   
View photos 
During his eight years at Facebook, Mike Schroepfer’s role has evolved from director of engineering to CTO. Source: EFE/ANDRE KOSTERS More Mike Schroepfer
Chief Technical Officer, Facebook 
Schroepfer, or “Schrep” as he’s called in Facebook’s ( FB ) swanky open offices, remains one of the social network’s internal stars. During his eight years at Facebook, his role has evolved from director of engineering to CTO. Simply put, Facebook’s 10-year vision encompasses three areas including artificial intelligence, connectivity and virtual reality, and Schroepfer is responsible for leading all of them. His accomplishments range from the minor, from helping improve A.I. so Facebook can better rank photos in the News Feed, to developing features that will eventually take advantage of VR. As CTO of the second-most trafficked website in the world (second only to Google), Schroepfer possesses the vision and technical chops needed to potentially serve as White House CTO. 
View photos 
Flipboard CEO Mike McCue is extremely well-liked in tech and has the virtual Rolodex to match. Source: Business Insider More Mike McCue
CEO, Flipboard 
McCue, who was once rumored among Silicon Valley gossip circles as a potential CEO replacement for Jack Dorsey at Twitter ( TWTR ), is a longtime Silicon Valley veteran and serial entrepreneur, with stints at IBM ( IBM ) and Microsoft ( MSFT ). He also served as vice president of technology at the influential internet company Netscape during the late 1990s before eventually founding the digital magazine app Flipboard in 2009. Besides having decades of industry experience, McCue is extremely well-liked in tech and has the virtual Rolodex to match. 
“The world is under massive disruption as we move to digital,” McCue told me in 2014 in an unpublished interview. “It’s the web, mobile and social. There’s a threat but also an opportunity to help people think and operate differently and really thrive.” 
What better perch for McCue to do that than from the White House? 
View photos 
As senior vice president of Intuit’s platform and services, Raji Arasu oversees the group responsible for enabling business teams to develop many of Intuit’s products. 
Source: MIXEvent More Raji Arasu
Senior Vice President, Intuit 
Arasu has worked in tech since the early 1990s, starting as a senior software engineer at companies such as Oracle ( ORCL ) before spending 10 years at eBay ( EBAY ) in technical roles and finally landing at Intuit ( INTU ). As senior vice president of platform and services, Arasu oversees the group responsible for enabling business teams to develop many of Intuit’s products. 
Like Smith, she is also deeply invested in addressing the issue of gender diversity in Silicon Valley. In a recent conversation with Yahoo Finance, Arasu said she counsels and mentors women contemplating tech careers. She also serves as an advisory board member for Code.org , a nonprofit focused on introducing computer science to students, particularly women and underrepresented students of color. 
View photos 
Amazon CTO Werner Vogels was one of the key architects behind Amazon Web Services, the No. 1 public cloud provider. Source: Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images More Werner Vogels
Chief Technical Officer, Amazon 
Vogels is Amazon’s tech whiz. Before joining Amazon ( AMZN ) in 2004 as director of systems research, Vogels was a research scientist in the computer science department at Cornell University. At Amazon, he was one of the key architects behind Amazon Web Services, the No. 1 public cloud provider with over 1 million paid customers, including NASA, Netflix ( NFLX ) and Comcast ( CMCSA ). Vogels clearly has the skills necessary to help advance the country’s push towards analyzing and leveraging large amounts of government data for good.   
View photos 
Tesla CTO JB Straubel (center) has been instrumental in driving the company’s success. Source: REUTERS/James Glover II More JB Straubel
Chief Technical Officer, Tesla 
A Stanford University alum, Straubel was named one of MIT Technology Review’s top 35 innovators in 2008. Indeed, Tesla’s CTO has been instrumental in driving the company’s success. Among his many accomplishments: pushing for the switch from analog to digital controllers in the electric motor, so the motors can be controlled by software and updated remotely. That decision is one of many that contributed to Tesla ( TSLA ) being considered one of — if not the — innovative carmakers today. The White House could benefit from Straubel’s gutsy decision-making when it comes to tech infrastructure and data. 
— 
JP Mangalindan is a senior correspondent for Yahoo Finance covering the intersection of tech and business. Follow him on Twitter or Facebook .   
More from JP Mangalindan: 
Why only 2 women made this top CEO list  
Trump victory bursts Silicon Valley bubble 
Why Trump might not be a disaster for tech 
Obama’s chief tech boss explains the shortage of women in tech 
Shaquille O’Neal explains why he missed the boat on investing in Starbucks 
Michael Phelps is trying to be the Michael Jordan of ex-swimmers",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
298674,"""Shameless"" Newbie on Playing Lip's Love Interest Patti Greco Photo credit: Showtime More Lip Gallagher has issues with women. If that wasn't already apparent before season 7 - perhaps you were living in denial, having been hypnotized by his eyes - it's certainly apparent now. He refuses to support his sister's ambitions, as if his own are somehow more important than hers; and the minute his new hookup Sierra moves their relationship an inch beyond ""casual"" he pulls away from her. But perhaps there's hope. He did apologize to Sierra, if not Fiona, at the end of last week's episode. And his eyes are still incredibly blue. To sort through the emotional mess, Cosmopolitan.com spoke to Ruby Modine, the actress who plays Sierra, about whether her character has real romantic potential with Lip, shooting sex scenes, and what it was like to join such a tight-knit cast. How familiar were you with the show when you got the part? Very familiar; I’ve been a fan of the show since the first season. It was such an amazing honor to book a role on it six years later. I was very nervous because I thought I’d take a while to get used to everyone. But at my first table read, we immediately clicked. Everyone on the show is so wonderful and supportive. It was almost an instant family. You all looked completely at ease with each other at William H. Macy's premiere party - I want to hear more about that party. It was wonderful. When we arrived, there were these insanely tasty cupcakes with all of our cast-mates names on them. There were margaritas named after a few of the cast-members. But not a lot of people were drinking because everyone was very focused on the first episode, like, ""Everybody be quiet and pay attention."" There was a projector screen. We all watched outside as the sun was setting. That was the day that Jeremy Allen White [who plays Lip] finally joined Instagram. Did you help convince him? Yeah, a little bit. All of us are on Instagram, all of us are always promoting [the show]. So it was kind of forced upon him in the sweetest way. Everyone was on the couch saying, “What’s the name going to be? What’s the photo going to be? What should the bio be?” It was like a hijacking situation. The next move we’re trying to make is getting him to make a Twitter account. Perhaps for the season finale. How would you describe Jeremy? Jeremy is one of the smartest people I’ve ever met. So kind. He goes out of his way to be there in any way that he can. If I wasn’t comfortable with something or wanted to talk to him about something - oh my gosh, I’m so blessed to have been able to work alongside him. I'm starting to believe that Lip is shitty to women. I've resisted the idea because I love his character, but the proof is all there. What’s your take? I think it’s more of a confusion with Lip, maybe, or [his behavior] comes from his upbringing with his mother not being around. I would understand how people would say he’s shitty. I’ve seen a lot of that on Twitter - “He’s so shitty to women, he’s such a womanizer.” But he fell in love with Mandy. He was so in love with Helene. I think after the relationship with Helene, it showed he could have genuine, real feelings. With Mandy, I’m still haunted by the sex scene where she says she loves him and he doesn’t say it back. But even that moment, do you remember how his face looks? It’s kinda like he wanted to say it back, but I think that there’s a little bit of a fear behind saying it because of how he was raised. He has a constant fear of neglect or being abandoned. His character’s done some questionable things, but it mostly stems from fear. Is Sierra playing it a little cooler than she actually feels? I’m going to try to answer this without giving anything away for the rest of the season: I think she’s coming from a messed up situation, from a relationship where she got pregnant - and you’re going to meet her baby daddy on Sunday - and I think that left her a bit damaged, and her main goal is just to protect her son. But I think that maybe she’s playing it a little cool. Read More She’s gotten much more comfortable with him and we can see that they’ve obviously been spending a lot of time together because he lets himself into her house and whatnot. It seems like they have a routine. So I think it’s safe to say that maybe she started off thinking “this is a really good looking guy and he seems fun,” but maybe over time she does want something more. What’s the dynamic like between her ex and Lip? You’re going to have to watch on Sunday. Mickey is coming back this season - does that mean we might see a Sierra-Mandy run-in? Spoiler! Well, how do you think they’d get along if they did meet? I think it would be a good encounter. Sierra is welcoming and happy. How I could answer this question ... it would just throw the two next episodes under the bus. But, um, I think it would be fine. Sierra is welcoming enough that she would maybe be uncomfortable because it’s an ex – who wouldn’t be uncomfortable if somebody’s ex shows up unannounced in some way? - but it would be good all in all. How would Lip handle it is the real question. View photos Photo credit: Showtime More We discovered in episode six that Sierra is a squirter. Is it more awkward or challenging to do an oral sex scene like that or a regular sex scene? I wouldn’t say that one is more awkward or anything - because it’s such a professional setting. There’s crew and people around, and if you’re working with somebody who is so profoundly professional and knows what’s going on, it’s going to be comfortable to a certain degree. It happens quickly, they get to the point, there’s no lingering around. Shameless ’s production has that down . I thought the mouth noises made the scene very realistic. I feel like with Shameless , they want the sex scenes to be so raw so that the audience can really relate to them. It's known for getting really gritty and to the point. Whereas if you watch a big film, the lighting’s really beautiful and they’re getting certain silhouettes or something. I saw on Instagram that you’ve hung out with Jeremy’s girlfriend, Addison Timlin. Did you have a moment where you acknowledged the elephant in the room, that you’ve been naked with her boyfriend, or not so much since she's also an actress and gets it? No! No. Addison is absolutely lovely. I spent the last night in Chicago with her and Jeremy, and I even went out of my way to tell her I am so appreciative of Jeremy because he’s just so wonderful. To enter into something and be nervous about it and then not be nervous about it anymore because your co-star just knows how to handle the situation - I told her, I am so appreciative of it. And we swapped stories about her time in film. She’s just absolutely lovely. We spent the whole night cracking up and talking about normal-people stuff. Your dad is a famous actor [Matthew Modine, who now stars as the mad scientist in Stranger Things ]. Were your parents concerned about you getting into acting yourself? They were probably worried about the same things any parent worries about. There’s a lot of judgment, a lot of criticism out there, especially in today’s world with all the social media. Everyone has an opinion now. Everyone can say whatever they want at any time of the day. There’s a big microscope put on you once you’re at a certain [point] in your career. How thick is your skin going to be? How are you going to handle that? If you want to be in the industry, you have to have a thick skin. It’s incredible that your parents have been together for 37 years. How do you think they’ve weathered all the storms that come in Hollywood? First of all, last night, when I came to say hello to them at the house, they were snuggling on the couch. I just need somebody to know this. And my dad was asleep on her shoulder under a blanket, and she was like messing with his hair. I was like, What ? This is my opinion: If you love the person you’re with, you acknowledge that you’re going to have ups and downs, but like you just said, you weather the storm. If it’s worth the fight you have to do it. I can’t stand these couples, they come across one little hiccup and they throw in the towel. Because it’s not a real relationship. They have spent 37 years supporting each other and loving each other and being completely honest. Does that make it easier or harder for you to have relationships of your own? It raises the bar a little bit for the men that I get into relationships with! No, I think it’s great. When it comes to relationships, I personally love love. Their relationship has given me a very optimistic outlook. Speaking of optimistic outlooks: Do you think there could be a real future for Sierra and Lip? Yes. I think there's a possibility . If it were to happen - with a very, very bold if - it would be because she's grounded and knows what she wants. She's a hard worker and not partying all the time. A better way to say it is that Sierra could be a good choice for Lip. But you never know. Shameless airs Sundays at 9 p.m. on Showtime. You Might Also Like",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
228928,"Brussels (AFP) - Belgium is historically one of the world's top beer countries but Thomas Costenoble, organiser of the Brussels Beer Challenge, fears that trouble is brewing. This international contest in the Belgian capital, now in its fifth year, features 1,250 beers from 36 countries and 80 judges to sample the tipples on offer.
But Belgians increasingly fear that their centuries-old dominance is at risk from foreign upstart beers that are not afraid to break with tradition.
""Belgium is still a reference point,"" Costenoble tells AFP, but adds that in certain categories Belgian beers are ""no longer as assured in terms of quality.""
In 2015 the first prize went to an IPA, or Indian Pale Ale, from Seattle in the United States -- the first time Belgium had surrendered the top spot.
Belgium is still the top competitor at the Brussels challenge with 240 beers but it is closely followed on 210 by both the United States and, perhaps surprisingly for a country best known for its wines, Italy.
Globally the beer market is evolving to focus on artisan brews, leading to smaller ""microbreweries"" that focus on quality rather than quantity.
In Belgium the number has grown from 127 to 199 between 2009 and 2015 and the trend has been the same internationally.
The United States has seen the number of breweries explode from 1,596 to 4,225 over the same period, while in the Netherlands the number has more than tripled from 117 to 401 and in Italy from 256 to 914, and numbers have doubled in France (332 to 663) and Britain (745 to 1,424).
- 'Belgium always unique' -
""The UK and the US are without a shadow of a doubt leading the way in terms of innovation in beer. But it's actually very high quality innovation,"" said Melissa Cole, a British author and beer specialist who has been on the jury of the Brussels Beer Challenge since the start.
""France and Italy are still not as high up there in terms of their quality of beer across the board. There are a lot of beers that are still not being made properly, not being packaged correctly.""
Belgium's huge range of beers -- from sour lambics to fruity krieks, and from dark abbey beers to lagers -- meant it remained ahead of the pack but needed to keep innovating, added Cole.
""Belgium will always be unique. It has total geographical protection for its lambics. That's a very vital and fantastic part of its tradition,"" she said.
""Belgium up until five maybe seven years ago had exactly the opposite problem (as its competitors): pretty technically excellent in most places but actually really a little backwards in innovation. And I'm pleased to see that that's changing.""
Older family breweries like Cantillon or Lindemans are now becoming more dynamic in the face of newer Belgian arrivals like Brasserie de la Senne, she said.
The Belgians are also adopting, like many others, the IPA, the beer of the moment with its fresh and less sugary taste.
""A very hoppy beer -- a nightmare for older consumers and for the industry,"" says Italian professional taster Lorenzo Dabove, with a smile.
His country is one of the most dynamic in this market having launched itself into the ""artisan beer"" revolution since the mid-1990s, with some small Italian breweries now exporting up to 70 percent of their production.
But the true test of whether Belgium's rivals are catching up will be in the tasting: the results of the Brussels Beer Challenge will be unveiled on November 21.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
293343,"President Barack Obama toured the Acropolis, the famed ancient citadel in Athens, Greece on Wednesday. (Nov. 16)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
24004,"Marc Jacobs Reveals First Look at New Campaign Featuring Kaia Gerber, Calls Her ‘New It Girl’ Yahoo Beauty",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
100995,"BEIJING (Reuters) - At least 40 people have died and others are still trapped after a platform under construction at a power plant's cooling tower in eastern China's Jiangxi province collapsed on Thursday, state news agency Xinhua said. The accident happened in Fengcheng at around 7 a.m. (2300 GMT) and rescuers were on the scene, Xinhua said.
The death toll was likely to rise because an unknown number of people were still trapped, it said. Five injured workers have been sent to hospital.
Deadly accidents are relatively common at industrial sites in China, and anger over lax standards is growing. Three decades of swift economic growth have been marred by incidents ranging from mining disasters to factory fires.
China has vowed to improve safety at such facilities. President Xi Jinping has said authorities would learn the lessons paid for with blood after chemical blasts in the port city of Tianjin killed more than 170 people last year.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and Paul Tait)",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
220020,"NEW YORK — Donald J. Trump will be the 45th president of the United States, the Associated Press projected Wednesday. He will be the first person to hold the office despite having no prior political or military experience. “It’s time for America to bind the wounds of division,” Trump, who was flanked by his family and running mate Mike Pence, told the crowd inside the Hilton hotel in midtown Manhattan. “To all Republicans, Democrats and independents across this nation: I say it is time for us to come together as one united people. It’s time.”
The Republican nominee’s victory over Hillary Clinton marks a stunning upset that neither the polls nor the pundits saw coming. But Trump, defiant to the end , insisted he would win, despite burning bridges with key voting groups and even many Republicans . In winning, Trump upended almost every norm of American politics and apparently changed the shape of the Republican Party.
Clinton called Trump to concede the race shortly before he took the stage. A Clinton campaign official confirmed to Yahoo News that the Democratic nominee had conceded the race.
“I’ve just received a call from Secretary Clinton,” he said. “She congratulated us — it’s about us — on our victory. And I congratulated her and her family on a very, very hard-fought campaign. I mean, she fought very hard. Hillary has worked very long and very hard over a very long period of time, and we owe her a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country. And I mean that very sincerely.”
View photos
Republican president-elect Donald Trump walks onstage with son-in-law Jared Kushner, wife Melania, daughter Tiffany, and other family members at the Hilton Midtown in New York City early on Nov. 9, 2016. (Photo: Getty Images) More Trump spent the final three weeks of his once-unlikely White House bid railing against a “rigged” election , alleging without evidence that voter fraud was widespread. He even hinted at the idea of not conceding the race if he lost, jokingly promising to accept the results of the election “ if I win .”
But the brash billionaire also predicted that he would shock the establishment and said his campaign would be “Brexit plus plus,” a reference to Britain’s exit from the European Union , which also was not forecast in the polls. And in the end, to borrow one of Trump’s favorite expressions, he did indeed exceed expectations “big league.”
“They all told it wrong from day No. 1,” Michael Cohen, a longtime Trump adviser and Trump Organization attorney, told Yahoo News.
“America is going to see the change that it deeply needs, and they’re going to have a leader, a real leader,” Cohen added.
Trump spent the night huddled with family and friends, watching the returns inside the Hilton in midtown Manhattan, where one Trump campaign source initially said some allies expected him to lose and were simply hoping he would outperform Mitt Romney’s showing in the 2012 presidential race. But as the night wore on, the Trump team became more optimistic and began to think the celebrity businessman had a chance, based on razor-thin margins in battleground states. After Ohio was called for Trump, the same source predicted that even the Democrats might also be changing their assessments of Trump’s chances.
Shortly before 2 a.m., Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta had appeared onstage at the Javits Center in Manhattan, telling Clinton’s supporters that the candidate would not be appearing.
“We’re not going to have anything more to say tonight,” Podesta told the crowd. “We’ll have more to say tomorrow.” He added: “We are so proud of you, and we are so proud of her.”
View photos
Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, walks offstage at Clinton’s election night rally in New York on Nov. 9 after telling the crowd to go home as results continued to trickle in. (Photo: Jim Bourg/Reuters) More Before Trump was projected the winner, his campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, had described a jubilant atmosphere in his war room in a text to Yahoo News.
“Absolutely buoyant. We can smell the win,” Conway said.
The crowd that waited to see Trump speak in a ballroom at the Hilton cheered each time a state was called for him. (Not surprisingly, the television monitors at the event were showing Fox News, the cable news network favored by conservatives on which Trump had appeared often.)
“I had hoped for this,” a second Trump campaign source said. “I knew there was a chance for this, but I gave it a 30 percent chance. I thought we would come up just short.”
Polls had widely shown Trump to be an underdog against Clinton, the Democratic nominee who faced a series of questions over her use of a private email server and how her family foundation interacted with the State Department during her tenure as secretary of state. But those polls were apparently wrong.
Clinton had enjoyed a double-digit lead over Trump in national polls following the presidential debates, but she saw that cushion evaporate after FBI Director James Comey set off a political firestorm 10 days before Election Day. Comey said newly discovered emails potentially related to the investigation of Clinton’s use of the private email server were being reviewed, and Trump started predicting that she would be indicted. On Sunday, Comey said a review of those emails did not change his position that Clinton should not face criminal prosecution .
View photos
Supporters of Donald Trump cheer as they watch returns during an election night rally on Tuesday, Nov. 8, in New York. (Photo: Evan Vucci/AP) More The election results indicated that Trump outperformed expectations among working-class whites, forming a coalition of states that few thought possible when the campaign began. Meanwhile, Clinton underperformed among college-educated and young white women.
In the end, Clinton failed to overcome the showman, who gobbled up thousands of hours of free airtime on cable news by making a series of controversial and improbable promises, like a pledge to build a wall along the southern border of the U.S. and a promise to “shut down” Muslim immigration. Trump also stayed in the spotlight by fighting a series of feuds and raging against the media . And despite Clinton’s strong performance in the presidential debates, in which she goaded Trump into gaffes and kept the focus squarely on his shortcomings, she could not translate those performances into votes.
Trump’s election is already sending shock waves through the political system because it signals a repudiation of establishment politicians that, to many voters, the Clintons represent. The property magnate and former “Celebrity Apprentice” host, one of the most unconventional major-party candidates in U.S. history, had vowed to “drain the swamp” of Washington, D.C. He derided many of the leaders he’ll likely now need to work with, such as House Speaker Paul Ryan and many other congressional Republicans.
It remains to be seen if President-elect Trump will be able to heal the country’s sharp political divisions, some of which were sparked by his campaign.
But the Queens, N.Y.-born Trump, 70, will have to face all of those challenges and more when he is inaugurated in January.
“Working together, we will begin the urgent task of rebuilding our nation and renewing the American dream,” Trump said. “I’ve spent my entire life and business looking at the untapped potential in projects and people all over the world. That is now what I want to do for our country. Tremendous potential — I’ve gotten to know our country so well — tremendous potential. It’s going to be a beautiful thing.”
“The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer,” he continued. “We are going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals. We’re going to rebuild our infrastructure — which will become, by the way, second to none. And we will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it.”
View photos
Donald Trump speaks at his election night rally in New York on Nov. 9, 2016. (Carlo Allegri/Reuters) More",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
108703,"A bunch of supporters gave Hillary Clinton the sweetest Thanksgiving surprise ever Candace Ganger More Well, the election has been over for over two weeks now but it’s still very much on the mind of every American — particularly those of the #imwithher affiliation. On Thanksgiving day, a group of anonymous supporters gave Hillary Clinton the sweetest surprise and she was so incredibly gracious about it. The former Secretary of State and political phenom , tweeted out a picture of all the signs of love from a barrage of fans near the Clinton family home in Chappaqua, New York. Most of the signs served as a reminder that many of us are still very much “with her,” writing notes of thanks for her continued public services through all these years. Besides, what better time to tell someone “thank you” than Thanksgiving? I was greeted by this heartwarming display on the corner of my street today. Thank you to all of you who did this. Happy Thanksgiving. -H pic.twitter.com/b69mW3Oqbf — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) November 24, 2016 While she’s only been seen out and about a handful of times (including at a bookstore and while walking her dog), she’s remained fairly hidden in this post-election reality. So, it only seems fitting some are there to remind her how much her voice, and stances on the future of the country, still matter. Recent calculations show Clinton’s popular vote leading by over two million votes which surpasses the previous record of a candidate losing in the Electoral College. Supporters of the Clinton campaign won’t let that stop them from offering words of encouragement or hope at a time when it really feels needed. Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, raised over 4 million dollars within the course of one day to pay for a recount in three critical swing states, though experts say the results will likely stay the same. Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart. pic.twitter.com/snXfdLgZq8 — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) November 9, 2016 Still, it’s nice to be reminded of the goodwill in others. This further proves Clinton’s positive influence through a difficult campaign cycle didn’t go unnoticed and might be needed now, more than ever.",www.yahoo.com,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
